Bank:

	# observations of generated text

		# gibber gabber
			I was a problem cards and the service is always understanding.


		# repetitive:
			I will be closing my account to be able to close my account.

		# almost, but not quite
			We have been a member of the bank and the service is so helpful and known and they don't even get the best



		# good, i guess
			Poor customer service and this is the worst bank in arizona.
			I was able to get my checking account.
			I want to cash a check into any of the big banks.
			I have to get a savings account.


	# real reviews
		She worked diligently to keep me up to date on the process throughout the entire loan from start to finish.
		I keep my business account here and they give me standard service not really much to say.
		Been a policy holder for 20 years but had to cancel due to poor customer service.
		I would suggest anybody who banks with traditional banks to give credit unions a try.
		How awesome is it to have a bank right where you workout!?
		She was so nice and friendly and helped me set up my business account!
		I will move my accounts to a different bank.
		I recommend this bank to my friends and family.
		Just opened an account with wells fargo and had an excellent experience.
		They answered all my questions and made the process of setting up a new account extremely easy.
		I'd supplied dozens of documents, credit reports, bank statements, tax papers, and more, to qualify for the loan.
		I really like this bank, my only negative is the lack of bank locations.
		There are three bank tellers in their lobby and two drive-thru lanes outside
		Member now for about 4 years, great customer service, and all their apps work great!
		But seriously, what's the point of cashiers checks if you put a hold on them?
		This banks web page is poorly designed and does not lend itself to easy or intuitive navigation.
		The teller was friendly and made small talk while he took care of my transaction.
		They need to value their job and be more attentive to the customer before they are replaced by a machine!!!
		Every month i paid the full amount on my credit card and never had a late payment.
		I have my auto loan with them and i have 3 other accounts with them.



Clothes:

	# real reviews
		The best thing i like about this store is the quality of their merchandise.
		Great place to find fashionable clothing for men.
		Service was great, and we were greeted and even offered a fitting room!
		There is always an excellent selection of denim to chose from and lots of different price ranges as well.
		My daughter loves shopping here, they always have the cutest toys.
		They have clothes, jewelry, other accessories and gift items.
		I was able to find a xxxl sweater that was not to long though and it was a good price.
		Bought some really nice italian made leather shoes for work.
		The lady who rang up my stuff was really cool too and gave me a coupon to come back.
		The store itself tends toward casual, but the dress shirts, slack, and ties aren't a laughing matter.
		There are normally long lines at the cash register, but the staff is generally friendly and competent.
		We were able to bargain the price down for both the items.
		If you are into hot sneakers you have to come check out their selection, it's amazing!
		The sales girl said someone was in there stealing, but know one was in there but us two.
		I went in looking for a few pairs of socks and ordered 3 custom shirts from them.
		They also have proper swim wear for the athletes as wear as beach clothes and flip flops.
		The place was really disorganized thanks to previous shoppers and no one cleaning up after them.
		I recently came in to look for a dress to wear at a wedding.
		Everything is organized either by brand or by style or designer which makes it very easy to shop.
		Beautiful vintage clothing accessories sourced from israel and other european countries.





Coffee:

	# real reviews
		Coffee is great and i love that there is a cool vibe!
		Latte was delicious and they have a great selection of beans they roast.
		I pick up keurig pods here and i love the iced coffee.
		It had hints of cinnamon on the whip cream and through out the coffee itself.
		Stopped in after lunch for an early afternoon caffeine boost to insure no post lunch snoozing during a business meeting.
		The only sugar free drink is the black or green tea.
		Completely chill coffee shop, great aromas, and well picked beer selection from the cooler.
		We had breakfast and a latte, the service was excellent and the food superb.
		It's nice to have a neighborhood coffee shop that's not a chain.
		Espresso doesn't do anything for me, but at least this isn't empty sugar and calories.
		My caramel latte and avocado and salmon toasted bagel were both good.
		They suggested i try their lavender latte and if i didn't like it they'd make me my usual flat white.
		I highly recommend getting the coconut latte - its actually made with real coconut cream!
		I guess starbucks is like the wal-mart of coffees and this is what a proper machiatto looks like.
		This place has all types of coffees, lattes, expressos, tea, pour overs, etc along with home made baked goods.
	 	I think i found me new favorite place to work and drink coffee and boba.
	 	I'll have to come back for the vietnamese coffee!
	 	Nice donut and chai latte that I ordered. It doesn't get fresher then that!
	 	I got a seat by the window and started some homework while enjoying my blended green tea latte.
	 	We stopped in for some post-lunch coffee and had some gelato as well.


Dorm:
	
	# real reviews
		Don't nail anything into the wall unless you want a huge bill mailed to you when you're long gone.
		The crime rate is increasing within the apartment community, stay away!
		I'm a parent and my daughter insisted on living here with friends.
		With all the amenities and activities for the residents there's always something to do!
		There are other luxury apartments around, but they are also a lot more expensive or too far from campus.
		Let me start by saying this is the single worst place you can possibly live on the usc campus.
		They are very accommodating with dogs and the only negative would be that the walls feel thin at times.
		The pool area has been remodeled with a beautiful fire place, gas grills and a bar.
		The guys doing the moving have always worked quickly and have been very friendly and professional.
		The bathrooms are extremely chic with their teal-and-brown color scheme and their modern sinks.
		I have lived here for about a year and recently renewed my lease with my roommate.
		They respond very quickly to maintenance requests, and if the guy couldn't fix the problem, boom, new appliance.
		The heroin needles in the laundry room and parking lot wasn't a good sight.
		Internet is down multiple times a week and customer support is essentially useless.
		I also have water leaks under bathroom sink & kitchen sink.
		The rooms are smaller the the size of a dorm room & it's very clastophobic.
		All my neighbors are very pleasant, polite and respect everyone's peacefulness.
		People create their own parking spaces, often times blocking others from getting out easily.
		The elevator was always disgusting along with the stairs and hallways.
		The dorms are extremely loud because there are people partying constantly.



Grocery

	# generated reviews
		My favorite part of the day is the food court.
		I love the fruit salad in the deli case is a must.


	# real reviews
		A great place to get the staples like onions, avocados, beans, rice, fruit, bread, oil, etc.
		They always have some unique kind of salmon burger and its always delicious.
		Speaking of vegan, their vegan food selection is vast!
		On the way out they even gave away recycle bags.
		They have all your rice needs; spices; and everything else you need to make traditional dishes.
		I really liked their selection of alcohol and their bottled cocktails.
		I will say that i like the variety of locally grown produce at this location.
		Their selection of meat is amazing and their marinade is super tasty!
		Great breakfast place with a good number of vegetarian options.
		This is the place to get the freshest, biggest, tastiest sub sandwich in the area.
		They had several workers out on the floor restocking and available to answer questions in case you had any.
		I love to eat the fresh made burritos, carne asada is delicious.
		They have a great selection of other foods, and i was surprised with the number of organic products in stock.
		They did have some sashimi grade salmon that looked good.
		We ordered my son's birthday cake from here and some cupcakes.
		They have a full wine cellar and hold wine tastings as well.
		Awesome food and if you go for breakfast i highly recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice.
		The clerk was super helpful and i found all of the ingredients i needed to make some indian dishes.
		There's a deli in back with cold cuts and rotisserie chicken.
		They have so many amazing choices in the frozen food section, especially for someone young cooking for one.



Gym

	
	# real reviews
		I expressed an interest in trying out crossfit after years of being bored at traditional gyms.
		From the mma guys to muay thai fighters you are always getting different looks from everyone while training.
		The gym area is packed with treadmills, ellipticals, standard weight machines, and free weights.
		I love the variety of cardio, yoga, and sculpting workouts to mix things up!
		The trainers are awesome and will tailor group workouts to your individual needs and abilities.
		Now i can watch netflix at the gym and get my protein shake on with ease.
		The front half of the gym is full of the cardio equipment.
		I was pleased to find the atmosphere comfortable for all fitness levels.
		The reviews were great, so before even visiting the gym i winged it and got my membership online!
		No other gym offers such a diverse range of classes for the price.
		
		Was able lose some weight and get in shape if few weeks!
		There are towels and sanitation wipes all over the gym, it's great!
		I don't have kids but my gym partner does and her kids love daycare this location the most!
		The gym is fairly large in size and is equipped with bathrooms, showers, and lockers.
		I loved that they offered free kickboxing and boxing classes.
		My favorite aspect of this gym has to be the beautiful yoga studio.



