This review is for just the gym facilities as i've never tried the tanning or purchased any products.
Overall it's a decent gym that gets the job done if you live in the area.
Fitness together  i can say nothing but positive things about my experience at fitness together steele creek.
We had talked for a while about joining a gym, but fitness together is so much more.
The owner, joe, is very knowledgeable in fitness, exercise, and most importantly nutrition.
Additional assessments are given throughout your tenure as a fitness together member so you can watch your total body transformation.
It is a very encouraging atmosphere no matter your current level of fitness.
I highly recommend fitness together to anyone looking to get into shape, tone up, lose some inches or lbs.
I am surprised...i love this gym.
I like a lot of gyms, but i love this gym!
The meals plan for weight loss that my coach gave me really worked & i really felt amazing!
This place is way cleaner then the other gyms in the area.
Anyways, i was in vegas for a few days and wanted to train muay thai somewhere.
Forget fancy gyms and studio, if you want down and dirty, this is for you.
It's only a bonus the trainers actually work out themselves!
I'm not a cardio bunny.
The variety of fitness classes are great.
We love this gym, my son loves the ninja zone, all the staff are so fun, friendly and encouraging!
If your looking to get into olympic weightlifting rcr also has a barbell club which is fantastic.
He also led me through my first weightlifting competition which was a blast.
I actually enjoy this gym they actually watch ur kids and make sure they aren't needing anything
Another complaint would be with free weights, especially the ones close to the mats.
More gyms should adopt this business model and i am proud to be a part of this one!
Every single time i go to the gym between 5-8, it is incredibly busy and every treadmill is occupied.
Staff is all excellent, you can tell they really take pride in the gym.
The cleanliness of this gym is great!
Hopefully this standard continues, because it will become my home gym for the future.
They have a women's only fitness center in the women's locker room for pete's sake!
The machines in there have seen better days, but the gym on the third floor is top notch.
The community in this gym is awesome.
Group ex is included in membership, personal trainers aren't pushy.
This gym is for folks that make buying decisions based on value (not just price).
A fantastic place to train, especially if you want serious results.
It's a great basic gym with just about everything i need.
The gym itself is the envy of the crossfit community, with tons of equipment and a huge rig.
Get personal training everyday for he cost of a couple of individual sessions.
Like a cardio cinema!
It's like a movie theatre with cardio equipment.
This review is for wynn fitness richmond hill, ontario the one near richmond hill highschool.
Funny thing about the gym is the best feature i find is the nice change rooms.
The equipment is what you would find in any other gym.
I highly recommend this gym!
From their class selection to workout equipment to friendly staff, you can't beat this gym.
Overall great experience; i highly recommend this gym.
So far i am very impressed with the coaching and how engaged all the trainers are with the students!
If you are serious about getting in shape, this is the gym for you.
The trainers are knowledgeable and dedicated.
It has tons of free weights and free weight equipment.
They have a turf area that you can do sprints, tire flips and push weighted sleds.
They also have a nice variety of cardio machines.
Overall it's a great gym and reasonably priced.
One of the best gyms i've ever had the pleasure of training at.
People of all fitness levels can work out together.
If you're looking for a great work out by knowledgeable and skilled trainers this is the place for you!!!
I found a supportive group of trainers and classmates are helping keep me motivated.
I love fbbc, the trainers, the staff, and the other boot campers.
Should i start by saying i despise going to the gym?
You get 2 personal fitness consults when you join and they put me with alison.
Pure fitness just seems more invested in their clients.
At least half of the other 2 gyms i mentioned.
I hate gyms but i can't complain about this one, not at all.
We love mountainside fitness.
Our kids love to go to the gym which helps us stay motivated to keep going.
I have had a really great experience with la fitness.
The gym is always kept clean, positive vibes,  and the staff are very helpful.
I've been to gyms where they provide towels and body comp evals to all members.
Alex, a coach, was incredibly welcoming and spent time showing me the gym, where the facilities were, stretch area, etc.
After today's boxing boot camp with alex, they definitely "walk the walk" when making fitness challenging yet fun.
The energy level of the trainers here is incredible.
It's a gym to work out and go home.
Quality old school gym that focuses on core exercises and functional strength.
Very good trainers who help you maintain proper form and keep you motivated through some tough programs.
Luke was my primary trainer and he is outstanding in all facets of training.
Great place to train!
You'll learn a lot, get some cardio in, and have so much fun doing it all!
I stumbled across this gym after doing some work at a friends house.
I expressed an interest in trying out crossfit after years of being bored at traditional gyms.
Needless to say we loved this gym and are so excited to start the regular classes.
One last note, the members of this gym are awesome.
Unfortunately, i had come across countless problems with the gym within the past year of my residence.
I was very impressed and already felt apart of the gym.
In addition to that, i love the organization of the machines and the sections of the gym.
I also liked that the gym wasn't freezing cold like a ton of gyms are.
I finally found the gym that serves me best as a member.
Great gym w/friendly staff.
I've trained at several gyms in muay thai , taekwondo & boxing around the west coast.
From the mma guys to muay thai fighters you are always getting different looks from everyone while training.
My friend enzo perez showed me this gym & ever since i have loved it.
The gym is spacious very clean and a overall good environment.
Train here - mc
He is extremely knowledgeable in fitness and shares a lot of his knowledge with you while you are working out.
All this gym needs is a shower, sauna and locker room.
It's a great size gym with lots of equipment, a pool, saunas and steam rooms available.
This gym is always crowded.
Whatever way you get your fitness in, you can get it done at the dowd ymca.
* lift - full weight room on the lower floor.
I feel so lucky to have found this fitness center.
It had been five years since i had a gym membership.
They don't hide in their offices as most gym employees do.
Thank you anytime fitness!
Not to sure why this gym gets such wishy washy reviews.
This is a new gym, which opened in late december i believe.
The gym is located in a mall/plaza so there is free parking, the gym itself is also open 24/7.
They have a variety of cardio equipment which is what i mostly use (bikes, treadmills, ellipticals, stair climbers etc.)
They have a 12 minute ab circuit workout as well as a 30 minute cardio circuit workout.
This is a gym for regular folk that just want to workout.
Great gym they have just enough equipment for what you need to have a full body workout
This is a great gym, period.
The cardio machines are varietous and plentiful.
Swimming, cardio equipment, weights, basketball courts...just the works.
This gym is solid.
It has a decent repetoire of machines and free weights.
The layout of the gym is pretty good and it is fairly clean.
The bathrooms and daycare are on the far right of the gym.
Next to it are the free weights amd some bicep machines.
The gym also has two other rooms which usually house classes ofnsome sort.
Overall, i am very happy with my neighborhood gym.
The gym has everything i need.
The only suggestions for the gym would be to change out a few benches.
The gym is huge with great equipment.
I been going for four years and i never gotten the proper training until i came to this gym.
The trainers are very easy going and encouraging.
There were a lot of nearby gyms to choose from, and boy are we glad we chose this one!
Can't ask for much more in a gym.
The only other spin class i've done were at la fitness - these are 100x better.
So here's an update to my initial review for gold's gym.
I really really really love this gym!
Julian is a great instructor and everyone at the gym is friendly and helpful.
I started training 4 weeks ago with seth.
She specializes in pain management and corrective training and is a great and passionate instructor and is very results driven.
But, the rest of the gym is pretty complete, and the hours can't be beat.
For a ymca, the dowd is an awesome gym.
I have to say, these trainers blew my mind !!
The owner said that they go through "cycles" and the cycle i was in was a gymnastic cycle.
It's different than barreworks which has more cardio and way less repetitions.
I'm an early riser, and get to the gym between 5:30-6am, and most days there are no early morning classes.
As big a fan as i am for this gym, it does have it's faults.
They have a decent amount of treadmills and other cardio machines.
If you like to take classes, this is a great gym for you.
No shame, but lots to gain in fitness.
This gym features erika waltz cardio dance on sundays at 9:00am.
I don't even know where to begin...i absolutely love premier fitness systems and training with brandon harris.
After working with him at premier fitness, i can't even imagine going back to my old routine.
... and i would not miss a chance to train with pfs and brandon.
To call premier fitness systems.
I absolutely love my gym, crossfit uru!
Everyone within this gym (coach and athlete alike) supports one another, and when one person gains, everyone is celebratory.
You can't beat the personal training for this price, trust me, i've tried!
The gold's gym in fitchburg served me well for a good two years.
There's a pool, sauna, cinema room, and day care in additional the weights and cardio rooms and equipment.
Not all gyms in the area do.
I have been going to elite sport and fitness for a little over six months and love it!
Justin, sandy and ericka have been my trainers thus far.
They correct wrong form and encourage heavier weights when they think you can handle it.
I work with some teammates and others are members of the gym.
I have found myself bonding with the gym members and even doing workouts with them on off class days.
This gym is the best!!!
Parking can be sketchy since this location is also attached with a few other businesses...namely a recreational gym.
Decided to trek off my beaten path and try a different (yet nearby) anytime fitness.
The free weight area is a little small, but they do have ample equipment for a full workout.
The likelihood of someone determining whether or not to join this gym based on my review is low.
Marcus is amazing, a great trainer and very knowledgable.
I love coming here specially because they have a women's gym, i get my privacy!
Something that i recommend everyone does before joining a gym is always have a tour of the facility.
I also went to other la fitness locations in the area to see what they have and don't have.
I also find that people at this gym tend to help each other more and familiarize with each other.
I like to do a lot of research before throwing money at anything - especially something like a gym.
V can come across as a bit strong but what do you expect from a gym general manager?
Andrew was my personal trainer for the session and he was great.
Both v and andrew really care about not just the gym but the people within it.
I am happy with choosing this gym as my go-to gym.
There is a brand new gym with a basketball court that is phenomenal.
Standard gym equipment applies, but is very well kept.
The gym area is packed with treadmills, ellipticals,standard weight machines and free weights also, and always seems to be packed.
However, i've never had to wait long and come on, pick up a pair of weights or something.
The other gym-goers mostly keep to themselves but are nice enough.
I've never been left hanging in terms of cardio or weight equipment.
If you're a female...the weight room is kind of a sausage fest.
Much more than just a gym.
The best gym in the city!!!
All in all, this is a great gym.
Great location for my intense gym sessions!
It has its own section for women and a huge section for weights, cardio, and machines.
I am a member and signed up for a year of personal training at this location.
If you're reading this, you're probably wondering how a man can write a review for a woman's full service gym!
First of all, i've had memberships to lvac, la fitness (when i lived in california), gold's gym and planet fitness.
Simple gym, i knew my way around it and i knew what to expect from it's clientele.
I felt like people were more focused on sanitizing their machines than actually using them for fitness.
5) trainers (well at least mine) seem very professional and informative.
Then once they figure it out, introduce them to personal training and how effective if would/could be?
Bottom line, i like my gym and have no issues!
First off, some people claim that this is not a "beginner gym."
In my life i've worked out at my high school gym, mountainside, 24-hour, my garage, planet fitness, and independence.
My personal judgement of a gym is almost based on one thing - how many squat racks do you have?
Overall, this is a great gym.
I honestly can't state everything this gym has as i'm still finding new things.
- bands/chains for sleds (i bought my own since eventually i'll probably go back to a home gym.
- specific grip strength training machines (i'm getting picky here with my wish-list).
I never knew i could love a gym so much!
So if you look at this gym from the outside, it looks a bit outdated.
Free wifi at the gym?
Oh yeah, i guess i should talk about the actual gym component eh?
I love that snap fitness is open 24/7.
There is an assortment of different equipment and there are neat features such as trx suspension training.
He is not only extremely knowledgeable about cardio/conditioning and strength training, but also nutrition.
He has become not only a personal trainer, but also a great friend.
The gym itself is great.
This is a gym in the sense of the word gym.
Amenities: so this place is perfect for the regular gym goer.
Entire area dedicated to machine weights, huge dumbbell and barbell area.
Cardio is grouped together and may not be huge but plenty to choose from.
All in all this gym is the bees knees of gyms.
I love this gym!!
I have been going to the gym for about 4 years and i know most of the staff.
I really appreciate the way the personal training department does business.
Anthony talks to you about training but doesn't push it on you, if you want it you will buy it.
I have signed up for training twice within the 4 years at 2 different locations.
All the trainers employed at mountainside are professional and educated!
Right now o train with devon!
The one thing i recommend for this gym is for the staff to always say hello and bye.
Lots of class options as well as open gym time.
This is a crossfit gym that has all different levels of members from beginner to aspiring elite.
Staff is always very nice at this gym and this gym is kept very clean.
I never have to wait for machine and this gym is always upgrading not bad for the money
I had joined 24 hour and quickly became disappointed with the trainers.
I'd highly recommended this gym.
I never feel judged when i go to an anytime fitness.
Happy to recommend smash iron fitness.
I've been coming here for the past few months, training with @coachbrianherbert.
The owners are professional, and everyone here is serious about fitness.
For me it's the perfect training environment.
Omar is an excellent trainer, great crossfit gym!!!...
Training was awesome, i had destiny who is super sweet and can kick some butt!
This gym is expanding and offers great services for all training types.
I recommend this gym!
Very clean,  organized gym.
My only real complaint is the weight area.
And i really really *want* to do weight training.
I've tried other gyms, and the nat is always the one i've been more comfortable at.
Small hotel gyms with dated/broken equipment is pretty common.
Instead i found this awesome fitness studio!
It's boutique fitness pricing ($20 a class, they do packages).
This wasn't a fitness-light class for the inexperienced (beginners are welcome and you can take at your own pace).
Great trainers and i love i quickly i have been able to see results.
I like this gym because it's usually not crazy packed like lvac.
It's a pretty basic gym.
Overall,  i like the environment of this gym.
The class has a mixture of cardio, strength training, and plyometrics.
This is one of the few gyms i will frequent!
Its the nearest gym facility in the southwest area, so it is a pretty busy gym.
The gym etiquette here is good.
Meaning, for the most part, people re-rack the weights, will ask if your done with the equipment, etc.
Been a weekend warrior weight lifter for along time but recently got bored with the regular gym.
My fitness level is really improving and they're pushing me to try things i never wanted to do.
One of the most specialized training facilities in ohio.
Great facility and even better trainers, make you feel a part of their family!!
I absolutely love the way the owners have created a family friendly gym that's also inexpensive!
I'm all about supporting local businesses and this gym is definitely a local fav!
A friend recommended functional integrated training and i couldn't be more grateful.
What exercises to do, how to use the machines, what weight to try, etc.
You can plug your ipod or usb drive into the equipment for music and fitness tracking!
You don't get that kind of attitude at the gym on the corner!
Do yourself a favor and quit your overcrowded, overpriced gym and join the y in tempe!
But independence gym is still a great gym.
The most important flaw is that this gym is very stingy with its air conditioning.
This gym is like an oven, even in the morning and evening hours.
The second flaw is that this gym gets pretty crowded during peak times.
Lastly, i hate how the cardio equipment faces the weight area.
I am exercising regularly since the high school, and am obviously picky about the gyms.
Another important thing: totum is an actual "sportsman's gym", not just one of those threadmill-packed "social clubs".
I never thought i would find a gym i actually enjoy.
This place is very nice and clean, contrary to other gyms in the area.
I haven't taken any fitness classes here yet but i have heard great things about them.
I would definitely recommend this gym as the best in the surprise area.
Okay, i have not had time to leave a review for this gym because i'm usually busy working out...
This is probably one of the most amazing gyms i have been a member at.
Scf offers a challenging place to train and improve, without feeling like you are in a bootcamp.
Finally a workout that i enjoy that is the right balance of cardio and strength training.
I have already lost weight since joining and felt stronger after only a couple classes.
The only thing you've got to lose is stress...  or weight.... or both!
Movie theatre, basket ball, state of the art gym, bowling alley  i feel spoilt living here and i like it!
The most un-gym gym i've ever seen.
Forget all the stereotypes about gyms because none of them are here.
The new parking garage has already opened which helps with parking since a lot of people go to this gym.
The trainers are so knowledgeable and developed a game plan to achieve my fitness goals .
Nice gym where you can olympic lift as well as all other types.
I usually stick to weights, but i've been trying to tone-up lately so i agreed to give it a try.
I highly recommend cardio barre if you've never gone, you'll be hooked!
I've gone to the gym before and aimed for 2-3 time a week but never felt excited to go.
When you walk in, you don't just walk into a gym, you walk into a family.
To add, the free weight area is huge and i love the hybrid machines, as well as the nautilus section.
My favorite thing about this gym is the classes.
All in all i am very pleased with this gym, and would recommend anyone to go there!
As far as crossfit gyms go, this one has great programing.
I've been to a good amount of other crossfit gyms and the coaches are not always the most helpful.
The coaches here really help you dial in form before going to heavy weight.
Coaches at other gyms may just yell at you to "get up!"
Oh and did i mention this is probably the lowest cost crossfit gym in the country?
I have been to a number of goodlife fitness clubs around the city, and this is the best.
All of the machines are new,  they have lots of weight machines and enough free weights to keep everyone happy.
Their fitness studios are nice, and they have one of the best rpm instructors in the city.
Worth the trek if it's not your closest gym, this place is my favourite goodlife facility in the gta.
I love going to the gym!
Focused on strength with top notch trainers, lots of encouragement and fun.
I like this gym!
I have never been to a planet fitness and i really liked what i saw.
The gym was very clean and the environment is very inviting.
They have most things you need in terms of weights (no rowing machines though).
Its huge and has many options and machines and weights available to you.
Its crazy hearing the small roar of all the different machines, weights, and people.
This place is the best gym i have ever been to.
From the desk staff, to the awesome trainers, to the camp coordinator and mentors, you all are fantastic!
It has a ton of strength and cardio equipment.
I especially love the group fitness classes, which are free.
In the ladies room they have weights, machines, fit balls, exercise mats, straps and much more.
I only spin at this gym so my feedback is pretty limited.
I never go to the gym in the spring/summer/early fall so this worked great for me.
Plus you're off in this room by yourself, it's like have a private gym!
Oh and i guess it'd be nice if the gym was open until 9pm on the weekends.
The gym has all the equipment you need, even has pool, sauna, full basketball court, child care.
Overall, this gym is a good facility to workout in.
Didn't realize what  a dump la fitness was until i went in and checked this place out.
Love the set up of this gym -- almost as much as the la fitness at camelback & the 51.
Love that la fitness has a few 24 hour gyms within miles.
Fitness and am pleased to finally get to "workout".
This gym is for serious fitness enthusiast, rather than you local social club.
Everyone is approachable, including the trainers.
So much variety from free weights to more modern equipment.
Group and personal training like p90x - it's clean and never overrun like the big boxes
Mostly i use the cardio equipment upstairs (they have bikes, ellipticals, and stair climbers, but i'm all about the treadmills).
Nearly all the cardio equipment has its own little tv set.
The dynamic flow fitness class is the best workout i've ever gotten!
Brandon is an amazing trainer who makes sure everyone gets the best workout possible.
The class is a great combination of cardio and strength.
Just got done signing up for my sister and i's gym membership and the atmosphere was amazing!
They provide excellent training while fostering a sense of self discipline, respect and community .
If you need more then just advice, then get a trainer.
All of the trainers are so nice.
Planet fitness doesnt do that, they have tanning beds, they full body vibration machines, massage chairs, aquatic massage beds.
Lifelong friendships and personal fitness goals are bound to happen at rcr.
Also, has it's own little personal only "women only" exclusive training area.
This gym is affordable, clean, family friendly and offers a diverse list of services and classes.
The staff is friendly and helpful and the class instructors/trainers are some of the best i've encountered.
I have nothing but good things to say about this women's only gym.
I only got a 7 day trial because my gym at home was being built.
The gym is well kept, clean, and emptier around 2pm.
My addiction to physique was born in this gym!
I highly recommend investing in a personal trainer though.
They teach you to have confidence in the gym!
Honestly the most helpful and qualified gym staff i have encountered.
I am in training club which is offered at various times of the day.
A real bodybuilding gym.
I've been a member at gold's venice, world gym sd, 24 hour fitness.
Further, the gym, the lockers, the bathrooms are spotless.
The members really take pride in this gym.
This is the best anytime fitness i have been to.
Wadbod is exactly what i could ever wish for in a gym.
Everyone at this gym is apart of a family, the wadfam.
We're not any typical crossfit gym.
When i try to put the way i feel about this gym into words, i become speechless.
Most people think that this disease disables you, but this gym has helped teach me something.
Loved having the whole gym to ourselves :-) my daughter said it was the best birthday party she's ever had!
I got to the gym an hour early before the class, so i walked around gym.
The gym had a weight room area, mat area and a altitude training room.
Overall, the gym looked great!
He thanked me for coming to his gym and asked me if i wanted to take a picture.
I could tell there were so very good grapplers at the gym.
First time going there, needed a gym for powerlifting because i was in town for a week.
Gym is really clean.
- lots of cardio machines, even at peak hours you can find a machine...maybe just not the one you want.
The "personal training exclusive" area is pointless.
The trainers are always out on the floor with their clients...why even bother with a dedicated area?
Angel and ashley have been the ones helping me and walking me through my weightless journey.
This gym is awesome!!!
Like any gym though there are those people who are just rude but it's not the staff.
This is my favorite gym of the lvacs not just because it's new but the layout is awesome.
I think that's what sets this gym a part from all the rest.
Thank you for making our gym experience supburb.
This gym is always clean.
I was in phoenix for work and wanted a workout other than the hotel gym.
The gym was well equipped and clean.
This gym is amazing great price $11 and change as the sign up fee and only $10 a month.
It's great having a gym that isn't slam packed.
You are unlikely to find gym-bunnies and testo-feuled gym rats here.
If i could bring this gym back to seattle with me i would!
Loved the load music and ambiance of the gym.
First of all, the last thing i would do is rate a gym poorly for being crowded.
This gym is flat out awesome.
Many different rooms, great free weight area, great nautilus section, hybrid machine section, etc.
Been training here for a year now.
If you're looking to get in shape, and pickup some real skills and train with world class coaches.
This is an exceptionally well run gym.
This gym has been my gym for about 2 years.
The cardio equipment is not set up yet to have headphones... and i am waiting for the pool!
There were nice, cushy gymnastics mats under our silks just in case of a tumble.
They do such an amazing job making this gym feel more like a very close community and family.
These coaches offer endless one on one and are always there to help, no matter your fitness level.
I really like mountainside fitness.
I have always found the gym clean and my nephew likes the childcare center.
The idea of gyms always made me uncomfortable but everyone is friendly and i've made friends here.
Truly an amazing training facility with a staff that is not only extremely helpful but also very encouraging.
He's passionate in what he does & cares for his client's specific fitness need.
I have been going to this gym for a few months now.
If you are looking for a low-cost gym to join, i highly recommend this one.
I would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone looking to drop in or for a gym to call home.
I love this gym people are pretty cool and its got a ball court.
I think they could use one more free weight squat machine but they have enough other options.
But overall solid place to work on my fitness
I absolutely love this gym, the coaches and the people who workout here.
This was my first crossfit experience coming from a background of traditional gyms.
The membership fee is inexpensive in comparison with other crossfit gyms and is well worth the price.
You'll never want to go to another gym again!
My girls have been attending a short time but they already absolutely love this gym.
Obstacle course race training heaven.
It's good to train with people who are winning races even if i'm a "back in the pack" guy.
No problem, open gym time!
Great gym tons of bodies to work with and great coaching staff!
The weight room looks busy but it's rarely a wait for anything.
It's got 4 floors and a women's only gym.
I've gone to gyms my entire life and i absolutely love this place the most.
Cleanliness is great, in addition they have wipes available throughout the gym.
Equipment is amazing ...i totally love the functional training area and the small group training options !
I have been to many gyms in my life ....this is just awesome !
The classes are fun, the trainers are amazing, and everyone in class cheers each other on.
There are an abundance of cardio machines and there is quite a variety of weight equipment.
There is a also a good variety of group classes with fun and well trained instructors.
I started martial art due to weight gain...
I had a horrible experience in the brooklyn location that i was ready to give up on the gym completely.
My best friend loves the gym so before canceling we went and tried out westlake location and it was great.
The moment we walked in the gym we fell in love with the layout and people.
Dimitris honestly made us feel comfortable and proud to join the la fitness family.
Fr has given me a passion for fitness and becoming a better version of myself.
I also love the personal training with erin.
I highly recommend to anyone who is into mma and or fitness
I have run a full marathons, half-marathons, trained at gyms, taken personal training, hot yoga, hiit, bodyshred and more.
Greg and his team of trainers really know their stuff and will push you to your limits.
Absolutely love this gym.
Canceled la fitness just to come here
The trainers are invested in our fitness goals and take the time to ensure our success.
If you have ever felt intimidated by group fitness, this is the place for you.
This place is rightly called the five star gym.
The trainers are knowledgeable and were able to really help me (a person who is lost otherwise in a gym).
This gym is great.
They have a huge selection of free weights.
My favorite part about this gym is the friendly staff though.
All in all, great gym!
If you've be done the class before remember to start with the lightest weights and you can always move up!
The gym itself is a good size, nothing crazy, and it never seems to be too busy.
This gym is one of them.
My girls love going to the gym to play with friends and do arts and crafts.
The instructors that work in the fitness room and spin room are the main reason that i go here.
Wow, talk about a gorgeous gym!!!
This is one of the best crossfit gyms i have seen.
Lvac is a great gym.
From day 1, an internal medicine/hospitalist physician was assigned to coordinate with the team of specialists (cardiologist, neprologist, pulmonary etc.)
Devin couldn't be a more professional trainer with the skills to make anyone reach their goals.
A friend brought me in as a guest to life time gym.
This gym is massive and luxurious.
The trainers are friendly, knowledgeable, and make you feel at home.
Look for some regional qualifiers to come out of this gym next year.
From out of town and was looking for a gym near my hotel.
Marriott highly recommend mountainside fitness.
I just finished another workout at planet fitness.
I love this gym.
It feels more like a real gym than other purple places in the area.
My only beef is the small free-weight area.
I visited this gym over a weekend in pittsburgh and remembered why i fell in love with golds.
The whole gym including the locker room was very clean.
There was no wait for any machines or free weights.
I'd highly recommend this gym to anyone looking for a spot.
Recently started going to this gym.
Great gym especially the classes offered and the dark movie theater to exercise while you watch your favorite flick!
This spacious gym has everything you need, all wrapped into one.
A seating area with plush couches, child care center, a huge basketball court, weight room, and squash/racket ball courts.
Say goodbye to separate memberships for yoga, spin and gym!
I've been going to beardown fitness for four months now and recommend it regularly to friends and co-workers.
I highly recommend beardown fitness!
Best gym, best staffs and best people.........i am happy in it, and no complains so far.
This is the best gym i have been a member of by far!
I've trained in 5 different states and this is exactly what i needed in a gym.
I love that we don't pump ac in at 60 degrees like most commercial gyms.
Not only did he help me get to my goal weight he now helps me maintain it.
Training with rachael has been amazing!
People of varying fitness levels, shapes and sizes come here-no intimidation, no judgments.
There is a weight room separate from the cardio room, which i like because weight rooms can be very noisy.
The camp counselors are well-trained, energetic and greet my children every day.
It's better than having a personal trainer.
This gym is so much better than the lvac on flamingo.
I believe the highest weight they have is 220 per dumbbell?
Overall, this is the perfect gym for anyone that lives in mountains edge.
It is a great gym and i would recommend it to anyone.
There are multiple gyms located a mile from my house but i choose to drive the extra distance to elite.
The staff there are great, they bring a family vibe to the gym.
Check it out if you are looking to switch gyms up or wanting to reach some of your fitness goals.
Our family enjoys this gym a lot.
You can use 1, 2, or 3 lbs weight to get that extra burn.
They provided the weights, towels and mat, so all you gotta bring is your water bottle.
Really, there's not much more you can ask of from a gym.
Great gym, it's never to packed always fresh and equipment is always clean and works properly.
This gym is very nice.
I joined because i literally pass the gym on my way home.
Best gym i've ever been to.
24 hour gym so you can go whenever it suits your schedule.
Variety of cardio machines to sweat it out.
I met the owner who was very nice and welcoming as well as one of the trainers.
The gym is very well managed- top of the line equipment, a good layout, and very clean.
I love the stairmaster they have- it's a very new model which you don't see in a lot of gyms.
I wish i could give this gym 5 stars, but i can't due to how small the building is.
The best gym that i have joined...  affordable, great atmosphere and well maintained.
The management team run a fantastic gym and give great service.. so far ;)
The good:  - friendly, all-women's gym.
I guess that's what you get with a smaller gym.
- they have pop-up sales and social events at the gym--i've never gone but it's nice to have the option.
The staff is friendly and the cardio theater is great.
This is one of the largest gyms i have lifted in.
Been using this gym starting in north phoenix since 2008.
This gym is great!
Out of all the gold gym's i've been too (mostly in northern california)--- this is by far the best.
Overall, this is definitely a great gym!
I trained with brian years ago and he is an excellent trainer!
I currently train with stacey and she is amazing!!
I recently became a member of anytime fitness and i'm enjoying it so far.
I like the gym because it is open 24 hours a day with key fob access.
It's always clean and comfortable in the gym.
If you are looking at this gym, be aware that it's a smaller facility and everything is use-on-your-own.
I do wish this gym had more kettlebells.
On the plus side, i feel like this gym is safe and it has plenty of parking.
There is no better gym in scottsdale.
We love this place during open gym.
The space of the gym could better utilized in my opinion.
I looked for places i could train and i found gracie barra.
The coach was amazing and trust me (i have trained with many people) when i say he knows his stuff.
I like almost everything but the group fitness schedule could use some changes.
I highly recommend thurston personal training to anyone who is looking for a great place to train!
Real results is an amazing gym that has been life changing for me personally.
If you are looking for a gym i highly recommend this one!
This is one of the best gyms i've ever been to.
If you are serious about weightlifting, powerlifting, or cardio, then there is nothing to not like about this gym.
Everyone at the gym is inspiring and works hard.
It's really clear that this is a gym that puts weightlifting first and above all else.
Daniel at xtc is my first call when i need anything big or specific for my gym.
The trainers and equipment are good additions.
The gym is going through renovations.
However so is planet fitness.
The gym has everything except a pool.
The commercial gyms with pools are ymcas and las.
If you go to university of pittsburgh or carnegie mellon, those gyms have pools as well.
For all those that just need weights, cardio, and group exercise, gold's is sufficient.
It is energizing, a great cardio butt-kicking workout!
Great place to train.
Trainers very knowledgeable with unique and years of experience.
Great place to live your fitness dreams!
The gym its has a lot of options in how to work out.
I started out just using the ellipticals and weights.
My youngest goes with me most days to the gym and runs in their smiling and ready to play.
This is a great gym for a serious work-out!
Your options are numerous: workout on your own, take a class, work with super trainers.
If you're in the area, stop by and check out this great little gym.
Overall, a great experience if you're looking to switch up your cardio routine.
The workouts are intense yet doable, the trainers are positive, supportive and push you to keep going!
Great neighborhood center with pool, gym, meeting rooms,baby sitting, heated lap pool, and much more.
This gym is so challenging and i'm the best way.
You will love the group fitness setting especially if you are competitive.
5th year of going to this gym.
Great service and great personal trainers.
I have lost 10 lbs, gained muscle, and consider fitness my newest and most devoted hobby.
Doing her classes has also inspired me to train for the biking portion of a sprint triathlon in octobers.
__________ it took my best friend about two years to finally convince me to sign up for a gym membership.
The gym is always clean and the locker rooms are really spacious.
The women's gym is small, and people rarely re-rack their weights or put their equipment back.
I have tried over 20 fitness classes in las vegas with different instructors and i was thoroughly impressed!
Even at peak hours the gym had plenty of options always free.
Brian's training has been an integral part of all of my athletic abilities and accomplishments.
He is the best athletic trainer i have ever had the pleasure to train with.
I have been lifting weights for more than 20 years and this is a great way to switch things up.
The workouts are so different from just taking a class at the gym.
Great community fitness center at a great price.
I must say that from pre-registrain thru dischare my experiance was great.
I've trained in several different academies and gracie barra charlotte is top notch.
Come in and train!
I love the roc-it class,  it is a cardio and weight machines which is a great combo.
But i always end up coming home to mountainside fitness in surprise.
You are going to the gym.
You are handed a clean gym towel as your membership tag is scanned.
The weight area can get crowded during peak times but is always clean and usually organized.
The variety of group fitness classes is good.
The cardio area is epic.
There is never a wait for cardio equipment because of the sheer amount.
May i make one final suggestion, mountainside fitness surprise?
Occasionally, an instructor for a group fitness class is out for any number of reasons.
Last thing, if you have the means, i highly recommend working with the personal trainers here.
Is this the cheapest gym in surprise?
It is; however, clean, diverse and supportive, which is all i could ask for in a gym.
This gym is great!
The gym is seldom crowded the staff is friendly and the price is amazing at $20 per month.
Way better than club la fitness but with half of the amenities.
If your looking for a real gym this it.
24 hour fitness has got to be one of the better gyms ive joined in the last 10 years.
Ive done a couple training sessions with the instructor and was really satisfied.
I've been a member at anytime fitness for about 6 years.
The gym will be about 2x the size that it was when i originally joined.
This isn't the biggest gym, and it doesn't have the most machines.
But for a small community and a great price, i think this gym works for me.
I am excited to come to the gym each day.
Perhaps, i can get him to join me on the cardio and variety of equipment.
I found chris at 1on1 boxing fitness through one of my friends.
As a fitness enthusiast, i went in confident that i could keep up and not expecting much of a challenge.
If you're looking for a challenging but extremely effective workout, i highly recommend 1on1 boxing fitness.
I really like this gym.
But other than that, this gym is great.
There is always at least one upper body song (sometimes two) that uses 1, 2, and 3 pound weights.
The trainers are knowledgable and friendly.
This gym is the definition of going above and beyond!!!
I love planet fitness and all of their hard working employees.
I would definitely recommend this gym.
No makeup/selfie taking girls, and no guys huffing and puffing over at the weights.
I should mention that if you have trouble negotiating stairs, this might not be the best gym for you.
The aforementioned weight room is pretty tight in space, but i've never seen it crowded.
There are plenty of free weights, and enough room to comfortably fit three people across facing the mirrors.
Cardio machines are upstairs on the same level as the front desk.
I also haven't seen any out of order, which is much appreciated in a smaller gym.
In all seriousness, this gym has the most awesome supportive community.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and quick to help you with your form.
Since i started, i've lost weight and seen an improvement in my energy level.
Crossfit isn't just about the weights i move, hands i tear and sweat i drop.
Crossfit uprising an amazing gym!
This gym truly cares about their community and takes care of anyone who steps foot into their gym.
Trainers were 100% attentive and were clearly highly educated in crossfit workouts and methodology.
Crossfit distinction is the place to be for crossfit training.
Besides creating monsters that compete in the cf games, the trainers are excellent and are very knowledgeable and friendly.
Yeah that is true but like everything if you train wrong and were taught wrong, you will get hurt.
At cfd the coaches/trainers will call people out on bad form so no one under their watch gets injured.
Think that there are not enough of the popular weight machines while others are too many.
One of the best gyms in las vegas!
This is not your typical gym.
Was skeptical because this is proclaimed to be the gym for people who don't work out.
If your the excessive type that throws weights around, loud and obnoxious.. probably not your place.
Take it from someone who's been doing crossfit ($100/mo), other gym ($44/mo) and deep tissue massages ($60/mo)....
The gym is great ....however the sales staff & the continuous pre-recorded promotional phone calls and texts are not!
Hands down the best gym in lv!
The fighters, trainers, staff and equipment are all top tier.
The gym that started it all for me and so much more.
I had never trained a day in my life before walking into here but always dreamed of doing so.
Be inspired and want to train when you get here, the coaches do pay attention to everyone.
Elite fighters are everywhere here, you never know who you'll see on the day just training.
I can't imagine syndicate being second to any martial arts gym in vegas.
This is my favorite golds gym in the vegas area, since they closed the gym on sahara & decatur.
It is a nice sized gym with plenty of equipment and weights.
However, once i joined, i learned that the exercises are scaled for your fitness level.
Coach john and jason were incredible at training and teaching the proper way to do the exercises.
I had been to a few other crossfit gyms but was not happy with the attention level of instruction.
Its the first gym i've been to where everyone is inviting and helps each other out.
Even though the foam smells like sweaty gym clothes and dust attacks your eyes, it is definitely still worth it.
Love everything about the aliente gym.
Trainers are awesome and the gym is very well kept.
I gotta say after other gym memberships this seems to be one of the best kept gyms i've been too.
This place beats all the other name brand gyms in every category!
It is an amazing gym, very spacious and clean, and state of the art.
This place is a must visit for any martial arts enthusiast wanting to get some training in while in vegas
For those looking for a small neighborhood gym this is fantastic!
Other than that a perfect gym!
Functional integrated training or f.i.t.
For short is a quality gym.
The trainers and especially the owner keeps us guessing through exercise.
From large group training to one on one, you make the choice.
Olympic style lifting is an option to tough mudder training.
I have been part of this gym for 7 months and have seen results in strength gain and toning.
If you're looking to shed weight fast, but need the motivation to do so, this is the place to go!
The commitment here is to yourself, not to the gym.
I'm no gym rat.
Tnt fitness is a rocking fun place to work out.
It's fun, for all ages, and for those who are serious abotu training with the right person.
But with the help of people like frank  the owner/ head trainer of tnt fitness you can do it.
(shudder) frank is a knowledgeable and pretty tough trainer.
He is always the resource for nutrition, dieting, weight loss/gain, strength training, cardio, supplements, protein, and the list goes on.
There's cardio equipment, weights and it's a real gym with pretty much everything you need.
Frank is a great trainer, he is supportive, helpful, and will tell you like it is.
Trainers are very professional, fun and experienced enough to create a program work out that will benefit you individually.
I am a 59 year old who has been working out with weights and pilates for over 30 years.
Omar is a great guy and great trainer.
This is the most hygienic gym i've ever been to.
The group fitness room is also pretty big.
It's just all the options available and the gym membership itself is expensive.
I've trained here off and on over the past few years and now i am here for good.
Dan trained me the last nine days and he was amazing.
I loved his training so much that my mother went in and now will be working with him regularly.
Adam and the other trainers at core fitness are equally as great.
You can go in and work with any of the trainers and get an amazing workout.
Every time i go to cleveland i will be training with the team at core fitness.
Been going to this gym for two years.
I am really happy with this gym.
This is like a large 24hourfitness ish.
I don't have time to spend half a day in the gym socializing.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and the gym, washrooms, and showers are clean and well maintained.
I have done other cardio workouts but nothing compared to running.
I use the gym for group classes and this place offers quite a bit.
With my recent move came a change of healthclub/gym locations too...
I have never used a personal trainer here, so keep that in mind.
This place is pretty much like most other gyms...it's a gym.
This gym is pretty cool.
I was a member for a couple months on the gym side.
We recently joined the village after locating to the neighborhood and left a smaller declining gym in cave creek.
The equipment is too notch and always sparkling clean...dirty gyms are my worst nightmare!
Absolutely the best gym dollar for dollar in the valley!
They have recently expanded which gives the gym a really roomy feeling.
The people who workout here are serious about fitness and very friendly.
It's a cool crowd, unlike some big chain gyms in the area.
Lots of trainers use this gym and are independent contractors so you can choose from a variety of expert trainers.
I got things to work for me, and lost some weight.
I was devastated, and couldn't move on mentally, but didn't gain weight.
They also have a decent variety of weight machines, free weights, and other equipment to play with.
In addition to personal trainers, there are chiropractors, rmts, a holistic nutritionist, and an nd.
Dust and dirt throughout the gym.
Overall i recommend this gym.
Toronto finally has a true high-quality gym.
Next time i'm in to will make time to train here.
The trainers are awesome and push me to reach new goals.
Long story short, i love orangetheoryfitness!
I was a member of anytime fitness for a little over a year.
The great thing about this gym is that it's more of a fitness club.
No one grunts unreasonably or drops their weights from the top of a rep.
But really anytime fitness's ace in the hole is the lack of overcrowding.
Even at peak hours, it's easy to get whatever machine/ weight you want.
I've been going to the arcadia planet fitness for a little less than 2 years now.
Almost every day, 99% of the time, the gym experience was great.
Gym goers and staff alike are all nice.
Download your music to your phone before you hit the gym.
I prefer this place over la fitness and 24 hour fitness.
I went to another trainer after that who said she'd help but got too busy.
There are weekly seminars by experts in nutrition and fitness.
It's non stop dancing cardio madness, with great tunes.
Great place to train, highly recommend.
Ambiance: the gym is spotless.
Every class is different, the trainers are great, and the results are greater.
Even if you are not a client of a trainer they will go out their way to help out.
In addition to the trainers the participates encourage each other  to get to the next level.
I can understand why my trainer carolyn vanzlow moved to this fantastic place.
Gym propre, il manque quelques machines et surtout une salle adquate avec des tapis et poids libres.
I've had my teen son enrolled here since september in one-on-one training with tyler.
In addition to regular crossfit and personal training, they offer the life program for beginners.
Gym is not for the half ass workouts you  go to lift!
Lots of classes, but i really love the open gym all day long.
The trainers are the best!
I've been coming here on and off for about 3 years now for both laser treatment and personal training.
He is one of the few trainers that puts an emphasis on an alkaline plant based diet.
He will suggest foods that will aid in your weight loss journey, and set realistic and obtainable goals.
I love this gym.
The facilities are always clean, and the trainers (so far) top notch.
I have had the best time while improving my fitness.
A good gym, with $10/month fees (plus that stupid annual admin fee they all charge) is good.
Lots of "lifefitness" brand equipment.
Oddly the best gym in charlotte; although it is packed between 5-7:30 on a weekday.
Lots of equipment and free weights.
Love planet fitness, this location has the best showers too.
Awesome amount of free weights, cardio equipment, and machines, plus a health supplement shop in-house.
They have a really good number of trainers for those who would like one.
It's been great so far and i'm looking forward to it becoming my regular gym.
Best gym in vegas!
You get to train with him as part of your membership even as a beginner!
The team hangs out together outside of the gym and everyone is super friendly and welcoming!
There are plenty of cardio machines available and the sauna is great after a workout.
Overall, we are happy that we've switched out membership to this gym.
Great gym that has a lot of different equipment to offer.
Traveling in ohio and used lafitness app to find close location.
Apparently, lafit bought out urban active fitness bought.
Cardio, freeweights,classes, pool, sauna, all the trimmings.
I'm not a gym rat.
Nice sized workout area, cardio machines have tvs with cable.
Nice atmosphere, clean, good if you want to avoid over crowded gyms with bad parking and waiting for machines.
It was a tough cardio that got my heart rate up and my legs burning.
I'd been trying out various gyms and was never completely happy.
Staff and members obviously take pride in keeping our gym welcoming.
The trainers are hands on and will put you in check.
This is the gym to be at in las vegas.
I train with geoff at bang fitness because there's no better place to train in toronto.
I'm a professional grappler and geoff understands more about sports-specific training than any other coach i've met.
The fitness classes are amazing!
Keep up the amazing job and thank you for opening a great gym.
Besides the real cross training class they also offer cardio, boxing and recovery.
I've been to many gyms in my life and even owned a few.
I noticed this right away because most gyms the front desk doesnt even look up.
I liked the gym and dawson so much i bought 3 memberships and some personal training for my daughter.
I would sign up for 30 day challenges, tried personal training, spin, yoga... you name it.
Membership at this location also gives you access to their other sister gyms too!
At any fitness level, he motivates you through a workout and encourages to push through any perceived limits.
Using light weights, a small exercise ball, mats, and gravity, you will definitely feel the burn, the good kind!
It's a lot of core work - more controlled motions, less cardio, and boy, are you sore after.
I love this gym!
I highly recommend the gym!
-only turn off was the gym-socks-smell immediately when i had entered the building.
This is my second review of thurston personal training and i still can't say enough good things.
You train with small groups of people ranging from 1-10.
It's not a huge gym, which is just my speed.
Donald, the trainer i signed up with, is great!
I would recommend this gym to anyone who is actually interested in working out and no nonsense.
I love coming to this gym.
The price is great and all of the trainers are great!
You will push yourself to get stronger and lift heaver weights in each class.
I highly recommend this gym.
My favorite class is the roc it circuit training class.
I got hooked on lagree fitness in sf and can't stand to go a week without it.
I did the 6 week fitness challenge & lost inches, weight, & build strength & confidence!
Hired a trainer, tried p90x, bought expensive home equipment....all with short term results before i fell back into old habits.
First off, not all crossfit gyms are created equal.
The competition is self imposed and each individual scales their weight to their experience level.
The coaches are very well trained and keep my girls active and learning the entire session.
Too bad the members don't put the weights back where they belong.
If you're like me, you're always skeptical with new fitness routines; i came to crossfit tempest with the same skepticism.
As the duke, i can't go on without writing a review about all the amenities this gym has to offer.
Lvac north located off the 215 and durango and is one of the top gym facilities in the area.
The new gym is clean, with sparkling new machines with the latest and greatest technology.
The second floor offers tons of free weights, cardio equipment, racquetball and huge tv screens.
Finally, additional services like towel service and personal trainers are provided at an extra cost.
The trainers expect to see you everyday and motivate you to achieve more than you thought possible.
I love this gym!
The best decision i have made for myself in terms of fitness and getting healthy.
Before i walked-in last may 2015, i hadnever really set foot in a gym or had a trainer.
I started slow with francis, who is still my trainer today, and he eased me into this lifestyle.
What's that~ i need my personal trainer aka babysitter (just kidding).
If you live in the area, this is a great place for you to train!
Dan and his trainers are motivating but always mindful of avoiding injury and not compromising form.
It does not feel at all like a gym day care.
I visited some gyms where you check in the kid and they just make sure they don't die basically.
Some of the other gyms left the kids in swings for hours.
Part time resident to the area and just discovered this gym.
Probably the cleanest gym i have ever been in.
Plenty of free weights along with new, clean treadmills.
I tried planet fitness down the road and it was a disaster!!
It's probably the cleanest gym i've been to and the staff here actually seems to care about training.
I love this model the gym is always clean and organized.
The gym is always clean & the people in the front desk always welcome you with a smile !!
Chris turner and icardio were recommended by friends.
This gym is great!
I did the typical gym workout before with running on a treadmill and doing isolated weights...this is way better!
I started the weight loss program at 212 pounds and so far i am down to 163 pounds.
You really have to want to lose weight.
This gym has a very cool design!
The equipment is brand new, it's never crowded, it has every type of machine and free weights.
There was every single piece of equipment i use at their other gyms and then some.
Not only was there enough room but the place was practically empty at my gyms regular peak hours.
The one thing i don't care for at this gym or every other laf is the personal trainer zone.
It doesn't seem right to reserve a place in the gym for personal training only.
They should treat trainer members the same as everyone else.
It would be better for their growth as well as the gym as a whole.
Great to have a 24 hour gym just a 5 min drive from my area.
I also won't go to the gym if the change rooms are gross as they are highly unsanitary.
This gym provides group exercise classes and spinning classes.
Seth thurston and stephen thompson are solid professionals in the fitness field in north phoenix.
I did a series of personal training sessions to improve my health and fitness level.
I also liked the gym which is laid out well, never too crowded and close to my house.
I recommend thurston personal training without hesitation.
This gym is real results fitness!!!
The cross-training classes are different everyday and work every part of your body!!!
I love every single coach that trains at real results fitness!!!
It is modern gym that is very clean.
The programming is challenging but scalable to anyone's fitness level.
Showed me around the entire gym and all the vip facilities without feeling pressured to sign up right away.
If everything stays consistnat, i do not see myself ever leaving this gym.
I really enjoy this gym.
Joe is my trainer and he's amazing!
I highly recommend him as a personal trainer.
The gym is kept clean as well.
I'm losing weight, getting stronger, jumping higher, and running faster than i ever have in my life.
The trainers/instructors are super friendly, nice, and helpful.
Enjoy the large selections of cardio machines, cable machines, free weights and stretching area.
Staff are consistently showing there presence but do not address people that do not rack their weights after they finished.
My personal trainer, stephen peters, is such a fantastic person.
I only go for their fitness classes & they are usually amazing depending on the teacher!
Love this gym - a well-hidden gem imo.
I have really enjoyed my time at this gym!
I really like what i see so far from la fitness since they took over for urban active.
I would really like to see the weight room expanded a bit though.
Just signed up for this gym its 10 dollars a month, no pool or bball courts.
He is awesome and does a good job of keeping a good gym.
This is a small "boutique" type gym which now has 24hr access.
It is not a big box gym like the national chains.
They offer more personalized attention and training if you want it.
They have space for baseball and football training if you have children.
I have had 1 session with chris who helped me with my form for some of the free weight exercises.
If you are not into free weights they have the "treadmills" and "stair step" machine.
Pac is a great gym, and the people are not snooty at all.
The showers are actually fit for human use, unlike some gym showers i have seen!
For years i was a gym buddy - weights, spinning, bikram, etc.
Portia has an extensive background in fitness and healthcare, and is also a registered nurse.
It's also not an overcrowded, assembly line of people on cardio machines, fighting to grab a locker.
It's a warm, welcoming community with an holistic approach to wellness, fitness, and health that is unique amongst toronto gyms.
This gym may be the best thing in surprise.
This gym is probably the best gym that i have ever been to.
There is a plethora of cardio machines: treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, the super-uphill treadmills, machines that i have never even seen!
The weight machines are also plentiful.
There are plenty of free weights too, if that's your fancy.
This is a very luxourious gym.
They have many many amenities not found in other gyms.
There is a cafe, massage therapist, physical therapist, chiropractor, day care, hair salon, a lot of personal trainers.
The gym is also very well-priced for what you get.
And, no, i do not work here or own stock in mountainside fitness.
I am just a girl who loves to train at a good gym :)
Aaron, the trainer on staff, is super passionate about truly helping people achieve their goals.
If your looking for a gym were people actually go to work out this is it!
As far as the gym its clean and has alot of equipment and its 24/7 member acess.
Brought my kids here friday night for open gym.
We will be back for more open gym in the future.
My training experience with seth has been awesome so far.
The owner of elite sport & fitness, chris r., reached out to me after seeing my review on yelp.
I am proud to say that i will become a member of this gym.
Signing up with seth and the other trainers at tpt was the best decision i've made in a long time.
The other people in the gym are so encouraging and positive it makes you want to go back.
I gave this y 4 stars because of child watch and gym classes .
Now the work out gym needs new equipment.
If they put johnston child watch in dowds gym .
My home away from home :) i love this gym.
If you are really into working out and take it seriously then this is the perfecttttt gym for you.
It has everything you could possibly want in a gym and more!!
I gather this is one of the nicer anytime fitnesses out there.
Personally, i am used to a gym with more space and more machines.
But this is certainly one of the best gyms around the arcadia area.
I've been checking out some local gyms and walked into this one for a tour.
I have to say, i was hesitant to visit this gym bc of the poor yelp reviews.
Every single person i have met has welcomed me to the gym and has asked about my progress.
I love this gym!
Best real gym in town period!
Great staff, great gym, great selection of things to get you in shape!
I love anytime fitness.
You can ask for a trial of the group fitness classes if you're interested.
Personal training with an upgrade.
Just the name 'golds gym' has always intimidated me.
A friend from san antonio absolutely raves about her golds gym, and the classes that she takes there.
Fitness 19 isn't for everybody.
If you're going to the gym for a pickup scene, it's not here.
If you aren't motivated and don't workout too often, f45 training with change all that.
I thought it was cool that the middle of the gym is open and has a huge sky light.
I am so happy to find jodi and her amazing all girls gym!
So today, i took my final 1st step towards taking off the last 15 pounds of 'baby weight'.
My son is 2 now and for the first year of his amazing life, the extra weight didn't bother me.
Most of them are success stories, too, so they really identify with your health/weight loss goals.
This is a medically supervised weight loss clinic so i feel more at ease.
I've been a member since january 2016 and it is by far the best gym i've ever been to.
On second thought, this gym is horrible, never go here...
I really like this gym.
I drive 20+ minutes to go here because i like it better than other gyms closer to my house.
There is just about any type of weight machine you could want, as well as lots of free weights.
They offer a wide range of fitness classes, which are included in the membership price.
I have often commented on how clean this gym is.
If you disagree, join planet fitness, where they actively discourage being in good shape.
I belonged to a worse gym with a higher price.
I train with rico & ive never been happier!
Well done planet fitness.
Which is great motivation every time you leave the gym!
They have individual tv's as well, which is nice for some entertainment while doing cardio.
People here tend to be good at reracking weights when done as well
This planet fitness is pretty great.
This gym is great.
The staff are friendly and helpful, the trainers were friendly, there are loads of treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes and equipment.
It's a great deal for all you get, full pool access, lots of equipment, a 1/8-mile track, cardio machines.
All the trainers are very knowledgeable and super friendly.
I have jumped around from gym to gym over the years and never really had any real physical success.
Devoted fitness and strength is one of the best choices i've ever made!
Coach's nick and chris will help you reach your fitness, and nutrition goals!
This gym has the atmosphere i find most conducive to a good workout.
Whether i'm there to lift, do cardiovascular, or a class, i find myself engaged and into it.
I love this gym!
I love the fact i can always get some sort of cardio machine at peak hours after work.
There are plenty of weights and equipment.
I like the fact that it is busy but not crowded, nothing like la fitness..
Over all a fantastic gym, especially be they offer a month to month membership for $40.
Class last monday at 5:30 with ingrid as the trainer!
I was a member at another gym in surprise that mysteriously closed.
I visited other local gyms and settled here.
The gym itself is clean with plenty to do.
Normally, at a gym, i'm hating life and staring at my watch the entire time.
The trainers have all been patient, sincerely friendly and positive (right up my alley).
Aerial clt has three apparatus you can train on - silks, lyra, and trapeze.
Commercialized fitness center with up beat pop music.
They have ninja zone gymnastics which was exactly what our son was looking for!
Probably is not a better run gym in the city.
(i.e free weights, machines, cardio machines, raquet ball courts, stretch area, etc.)
Also, i love that every cardio machine has a tv attatched to it.
The main appeal of this gym is that it's a 24/7, no frills kind of thing.
I have been waiting and waiting and waiting some more for this particular gym to open!
But finally this week, i was able to walk into a beautiful new gym.
The bottom floor is all weight machines and free weights.
This is literally the ultimate training facility.
They provide top of the line equipment that most gyms in vegas don't have.
I love smash iron fitness!
Excellent gym, got a good price.
The gym is clean, organized, and convenient.
This is what a gym is supposed to be.
They care about safety and providing a well rounded fitness program for all individuals.
I have been to many crossfit gyms in scottsdale and around the country.
I travel and train a little bit.
This was the most friendly gym i've been in.
If you're looking for a great gym to train at its gonna be pretty hard to beat these guys!
Gym refait  neuf, il est magnifique, nouvelles machines, personnel accueillant.
1 toile en moins pour le prix qui est quand mme relativement lev et injustifi par rapport  un econofitness.
The best mma, muay thai and conditioning training center in las vegas.
With some of the best ufc fighters on the planet training here and the best pro/am fight team in vegas.
This gym is huge.
Joining a gym really boosted my motivation to become a healthier person and this place is amazing.
I absolutely love the mix of cardio and barre work to get a total workout.
Most members have good gym etiquette.
Trainers are not pushy if you don't want to be trained.
All in all though i am comfortable there and don't feel like it's a huge pretentious gym.
Jon, trainer, did a great job explaining the session workout.
I joined icardio a little over a month ago and i love it!
If you haven't tried a pf, or are a total gym noob, this is the place for you.
I use the 15-minute workout as the strength component to my triathlon training.
It doesn't matter what your age or fitness level are.
A gym is your dedication and spirit you make it what it is.
Has everything you need if you're going to the gym to build.
I will start my review by saying that i have been forever wary of gyms.
It was always crowded, smelly, with lots of guys grunting and dropping heavy weights on the ground.
So i went in, and she really took the time to get to know my fitness needs.
I will write another review again after trying out the personal training and the individual pilates lessons)
This is a nitty-gritty, old school style gym with great equipment and amazing space.
If you're into the poshy gym feel then move on.
This is definitely for weightlifters and athletes.
Love this gym as it has everything and more for my type of workout.
Only wish the free weight room was bigger.
I love 24 hour fitness !
This gym is my favorite so far!
When i get through my tour de gym we'll see where i end up...
This is one of the nicer golds gyms in the vegas area.
It is a little smaller than the eastern & serene gym.
It has plenty of equipment and weights.
Happy they built this gym!
My husband wanted parkour, i wanted gymnastics.
I would highly recommend this gym!
I also like that this gym isn't ever overly crowded.
Great gym, good feel with plenty of machines.
The group fitness studio is poorly designed because it's too wide and has pillars blocking  the view of the instructor.
Cardio machines seem to be in short supply here for the number of users.
Free weights, cables, hammerstrength and lots more for resistance training.
Plenty of cardio machines.
Also has indoor/outdoor pools, racketball courts, basketball/volleyball, turf space and a crossfit gym.
Pretty much anything you could want in a gym
It's on the second floor and i could mainly see an mma gym.
It's like physio and a kick-ass gym combined.
If you are looking for a cheap deal, check out the many commercial gyms located around the city.
The gym actually opens up tomorrow for the public so i'll definitely be spending my friday night here.
But seriously, when you visit this gym you'll understand why.
Unlike many gyms, you have the ability to cancel anytime because there's no contract.
I've had such a great experience with thurston personal training.
- well she can be, just get her a membership to our gym!
Lol  i love this gym.
It has that small town gym feel but with all the equipment you could want.
The gym is well stocked with a pool and basket ball court too.
The best thing about this gym is the staff.
So, if your in the market for a new gym, come check this one out.
This is much more varied, interesting and actually fun thanks to both our trainer jared and the great cfu members!
Only flaw in that this is a small gym is that there is only one bench press.
The gym is very large with lots of options for getting in shape and back in good health.
Basketball gym is great!
This is what a crossfit gym should be.
This is everything you experience before you eve walk int the door to the gym.
There is no reason to look to go anywhere else when you are in the area, this is the gym.
I found this gym close to my house and figured i would give it a shot.
While it is more expensive than a regular gym, i do feel it is worth every penny.
Its like having a personal trainer that you share with a handful of people.
This one is the largest of the af's, and includes classes as well as the free-weight/nautilus/cardio rooms.
I love the workouts and the trainers!
Maybe i'm not the right clientele for this gym, but i was also missing the pump up top 40 beats!
I guess specialty fitness classes are the way to go in toronto?
For a non-corporate independent gym, this please is as good as it gets.
The gym is pretty chill and they have a good atmosphere.
Btw the personal trainer director joe is the coolest dude.
They need to have scheduled maintenance on these cardio machines but they don't.
Other than that problem, i love going to my gym every day.
I've tried going to different workout programs, one in particular claiming to be a 'personal trainer' in a group setting.
I walked away from those experiences upset and swearing off gyms and trainers forever.
Smart gym is a super tight place to be.
T.a., brock, juan, and jon have all been a huge part of my fitness transformation.
I would definitely try and go talk to him if you want to get serious about attaining your fitness goals.
Come by and get hooked on a great gym!
They now have twice as many trainers, they are open 24/7, and they have a stable tapout training area here.
They have tones of classes here if the typical training session isn't for you.
Huge gym with lots of squat racks and machines.
Marcus niemo is the owner/trainer and he is nothing short of phenomenal.
Not only is he very knowledgeable about fitness, he is kind and very approachable.
Marcus really cares about his students and his training and it really shows in every class.
Not only do we consider him our trainer and health mentor, but also a good friend.
The coaches at crossfit culmination were exactly the type of people i had hoped would be running the gym.
As someone who before one month ago had never been to a crossfit gym, i was intimidated to get started.
You are at a gym not the rtiz spa....so there isn't' someone waiting on your hand and foot every second.
That being said, if you want to use other stuff than the gym then pay up!
I have been a member of several gyms--mostly gold's (going on 3 years now!)
I have been a member for this gym specifically for 2 months and i go there 6 times a week.
The gym is always kept in immaculate condition.
If you are looking for an amazing trainer then go see chris sheehan.
Gold's gym is great!
Great job running and setting up that gym equipment by body part.
If all gyms could be like yours.
I highly recommend this gym for cheer.
The coaches are amazing and work hard in training the children.
Gerred is much more than a trainer, he is a motivator and a mentor.
I know, from my own experiences, that it is possible to train that much without seriously injuring yourself.
Gym all the way around!
We just moved to az from california & have been la fitness members for many years.
We've also had other gym memberships with 24 hrs fitness, gold's & world gyms.
We tried 3 diff la fitness gyms in the az area and we decided to train at this one exclusively!
I love training club.
Well that is how you will end up feeling with the gold's gym (minus asking the parents part, of course!).
I will continue to come to the gym from now on.
I like how the weight area is seperated from the cardio machines.
If you live in noda or plaza midwood, the johnston y is your best choice for a gym.
Great gym - great people - always clean!
2 - one year edge fitness memberships for sale... $100 each (paid $135 each).
The passes need to be redeemed by march 22nd and are for a full 1-year gym membership.
Contact: rick8658@yahoo.com  valid at any of their 3 locations: http://www.edgefitnessvegas.com/
That's a long time in fitness years!
Cardiobarre is such a fun workout!
Everyone should try cardiobarre!
Large gym with a decent amount of equipment.
Lift some weights mo fo's!
It's a small community-oriented gym perfect for families and older patrons.
The weight and aerobic machine area attracts a wide age-range of people.
Today i watched two women in their late 40s/early 50s put me to shame in the weight area.
I quit la fitness to come here and it was well worth it.
And the whole gym is very clean as well.
Nothing fancy here, just a convenient gym that doesn't get too crowded with super nice staff.
But the north decatur gym is by far the best.
But all around, it is a spectacular gym!
Went to this gym while i was in town and it was super cool!
Definitely a different scene than i'm used to (big box gyms) but it was a great environment.
Would definitely go to again and recommend the gym to anyone in town!
Such a plus, and once i walked into the gym is was so exciting!
This gym is very clean which is awesome.the amenities are great and they have tons of classes.
Where else can you get a personal trainer without spending an arm and a leg!
Another thing i love is that the atmosphere is super inviting to everyone and there is no typical gym stigma.
There are multiple locations around the valley and the nation, so you can find a gym almost everywhere you go.
I love 121 fitness.
Very professional and knowledgeable trainers.
I've been training with dillon for almost a year and highly recommend him.
A simple down to earth gym!
A no bs gym!
I just love the gym, love the people that i've workout with and overall a very nice environment to workout.
They offer multitude of classes with attentive trainers who offer the best hour of butt kicking you can receive.
The classes help to achieve your objectives with everything from boxing, cardio, cross training, to yoga.
I completely recommend this gym to add to your fitness routine!
Fitness 19 is a great place to workout!!
The gym is not very big.
The gym is really clean and every one that works there is very friendly and helpfull!!
What i really like about the gym is everyone who is there is there to workout.
The best thing about this gym is there is never a wait to use a machine.
This gym is perfect for someone who wants an afforable gym and someone who does not need all the extras.
I am very happy with this gym.
It's really big and they have a lot of cardio machines and a good weight area.
You don't feel very intimidated coming here as opposed to when it was extreme fitness.
With the recent renovations this gym is spectacular.
I like the variety of options for weights, cardio, and classes that you can do at anytime of the day.
I am very grateful to them for honoring my 24hr fitness membership.
Wonderful group of people at this gym.
Anyway...  cardio equipment is plentiful although there isn't much diversity in the different makes/models of pieces.
The gym has a lot of tertiary machines but not a good heavy equipment selection.
The staff is amazing and the trainers are incredible.
I was in town for a fight and looking for a place to train.
I would recommend this to anyone looking for some great training in a amazing atmosphere.
I love this gym!
I'd say that 2/3's of the people going to this gym are using the cardio equipment.
No big sweaty guys grunting and throwing weights.
It is still the cleanest gym i've ever been a member of, and i'm comparing this to lifetime fitness.
There are guided weight stations that can be used for bench or squats.
Free weights and bench/squats are the busiest during the busy hours.
There are only 4 stair climbers, and an incredible amount of every other type of cardio equipment out there.
Can all my fitness dreams be true in one building?
Tried this out as a prenatal fitness alternative since i cannot do my usual bootcamp or hot yoga anymore.
My trainer kelly is so amazing!
This gym is really nice and always clean.
They would benefit from a bigger area for free weights, an open kettle bell area, and more classes.
Lots of nice equipment and plenty of cardio exercise equipment.
Nice to have a gym like this so close by the house.
This gym is pretty nice and well maintained.
I don't see myself changing gyms any time soon.
You don't come across too many gyms that have olympic lifting platforms and turf with sleds.
I couldn't be happier with the type of gym for the price
After trying out a few gyms in the area, i decided to make tusk my home.
Since starting i have lost a good deal of weight, and my cardio is the best it's ever been.
I can't say enough good things about the culture of this gym as well.
I go to the core circuit training classes and it is an awesome workout.
I'm stronger and i've started losing weight.
Adam is the person trainer for donny osmond!
I've been lucky enough to train at and with some of the best mma/bjj academies and teams in the world.
This is a great gym if your serious about fitness or competitive bodybuilding figure fitness or bikini .
Has some of the best personal trainers in the valley.
Yes i am also a gym snob.....i love dowd hands down compared to uptown, johnston, and gateway.
Well, everything except for the way he spelled boris...  best gym and workout in las vegas.
Great trainers, amazing class options, a good group of members, a cool new facility.
It does cost a little bit more than a traditional gym, but you get what you pay for.
They are always adding more equipment and resources for your fitness goals.
I have been training with carlo for about 3 months and have seen dramatic results in strength, stamina and endurance.
Not so here, i'll say: i love going to this gym!
I'm a big fan of this gym, i will be a member here for the long term!
This is hands down the best gym in charlotte (sans the parking lot, of course!).
Like i said in my previous review the gym itself was not the issue.
Absolutely love this gym.
There are plenty of weights and they are actually organized.
They also have brand new weight equipment and locker rooms.
If you're looking for boxing in the east valley, i highly recommend this gym.
I tried many different gyms that were just cardio style boxing, learned nothing and got bored with the workouts.
Trainers are knowledgeable and attentive and push you to your limits.
I genuinely look forward to my training/workojts for the first time in years!
Bang fitness is amazing and - dare i say it - life-changing!
I found camelback crossfit (formerly shc fitness) through a friend that had joined.
I had been doing crossfit for a little over a year, and was looking for a new gym.
(cf gyms are pricey!)
It's a great gym, with great people, with great pricing.
I tried independence gym on the off chance i'd like.
The fact that there's turf and multiple sleds reminds me of my gym back home.
He even helps us with customized workouts and meal plans for when we're not in the gym.
So much fun and seeing results:) i have done barre before, but cardio is amazing with the barre as well!
The gym is always clean and the group classes are outstanding!
I joined this gym about three years ago.
It is really a great gym!
They have all the cardio equipment, free weights, and machines you need.
The membership is very reasonable compared to the gyms around town.
Definitely try anytime fitness you will not regret it.
I've been a gym rat since forever.
Initially, i was skeptical, as the gym is really small.
The gym has everything you need, machines and free weights.
Staff is friendly, gym is clean, and people who work out there seem to be drama free.
It was my first day at l.a fitness, ex goodlife and extreme fitness member.
Overall, really happy that i joined l.a fitness.
All at a low price compared to other gyms!
This fitness 19 is a family operated gym!
I dont go often cause i workout at the henderson fitness 19 gym.
This gym has everything i could ask for in a workout facility.
I especially love the theater room for cardio.
The staff is friendly and the personal trainers are knowledgeable and supportive of fitness goals.
After trying many gyms, i decided to try icardio.
Our trainer lisa is great and continues to push us to be stronger.
Used to go to golds gym until it closed and had to switch.
Luckily this gym just opened and decided to try it out.
There's so many cardio machines and free weights that i don't have to worry about waiting.
Love the women's only gym even though it is somewhat small.
Definitely recommend this gym even though it was a little out of my price range, it's totally worth it!
Every trainer i've ever worked with here has been top-notch!
Steve is a top-notch trainer and i can't speak more highly of his pilates instruction.
I first trained with steve a few years ago, but got sidetracked by work/travel that put my sessions on hold.
Steve's motivation and personalized training also keeps me committed to my workouts.
I had one goal walking into thurston personal training - to get into the best shape i've ever been.
Having a personal trainer made all the difference for me and i couldn't be happier with the results.
I have been training with j the past couple months and love the results i'm getting so far.
Iv trained at serval different places in vegas but this place by far has been the best.
All the trainers there are super helpful and are fun.
I really like how they advise me to use a safe amount of weight.
The group that works out at this gym are the best!
I am moving out of the area and will be sad to leave this gym.
I always looked forward to coming to the gym as i was received with a warm welcome.
The encouragement during small group personal training sessions kept me motivated to not give up.
Thank you again, anytime fitness in middleton, for being top notch!
The staff, the support system outside of the gym, and the actual gym itself is amazing.
This gym fits my needs and so much more.
I love group training , it's so motivating and fun !!
This is the perfect gym to go to !
Initially, i used the gym to getting some much needed me time.
Now though, i really use the gym and all of its equipment.
They have all the latest and greatest along with traditional free weights and weight training equipment.
I finally took the plunge and signed up for 12 personal training sessions with kevin shephard.
In just those 12 sessions, he help change my life and my whole outlook on food and fitness!
Came here on while on vacation to get a training session in.
Loved the friendly and knowledgable staff, and the training was top notch.
The gym owner joe really knows his stuff.
When it comes to crossfit movements its important to have a coach and trainers that can really help develop you.
Jay is an amazing trainer that i trust very much with my fitness goals.
I've leaned out through the process of his training and have gained muscle in the places i wanted to!
This gym attracts a nice diverse demographic.
Great for strength training - you will definitely feel those shakes after just a short while!
The price is reasonable, and there are machines, weights, and space always available.
This hardcore bodybuilding gym like dream came true to me.
I'm glad i joined independence gym family.
I love love love this gym.
Everyone one is so nice and welcoming at this gym.
Mountainside is decently priced and is a great gym to bring family and friends.
The instruction is high quality and your training partners (other students) are helpful and not just out for themselves.
I couldn't be happier training here!
Oh man this gym is so awesome!!!
Moved to lv from phx and we sadly miss mountainside fitness in phx.
Great gym for any type of gym goer.
My husband goes to this gym & sometime my son does too & they absolutely love it.
Joined this gym after moving here from nebraska almost 2 years ago.
The price is good but the gym in general is great.
If you are looking for a more straightforward gym meant for training this is the place.
Turf area for cross training and has all the traditional equipment you could ask for.
Barre3 is a fitness centre based on a system developed in portland, or that has now spread across the us/canada.
They had free classes during their grand opening week + also have occasional free community classes with their instructors-in-training.
The workout is low-impact (not so much cardio), and quite challenging.
You use the barre as well as free weights (1-3 lbs.
-- think low weight with lots of reps) and a squishy ball.
I been going for four years and i never gotten the proper training until i came to this gym.
The trainers are very easy going and encouraging.
What i found was seth at tpt, and group training.
For the longest time, my body and weight were stagnant.
I literally saw results in the first two weeks of training...and my physical energy is through the roof!!
If you're at the gym to actually workout, other people being there shouldn't matter.
I love it here, the gym is really a community and fitness-focused, not snobby at all.
This is probably the best gym i have joined.
Overall, it's a good family gym.
I love this gym.
All the workouts can be scaled to your fitness ability.
Crossfit culmination has exceptional coaches that actually care about you, your safety, and fitness progression.
The trainers and support staff were great to work with!
Not only that, but i've made quite a few friends from my time at the gym.
This is the best gym experience !!!
I have been going to this gym for 2yrs.
The trainers work a sweat out of you.
Amazing if you are looking for something different than the typical globo-gym.
The trainers and workouts are challenging and fun.
I actually look forward to working out in this gym and have been coming for years.
Dropped in to workout at this beautiful 8000 square foot gym.
When you come to this dojo, you don't just join a gym, you join a community.
Seriously, sensei tomer lives steps away from the dojo, he's literally inviting you to his home when you train.
If you've never trained before, this might be one of the best places to start.
50 mins to an hour of pure cardio with fun music and black lights!
I've looked around at other fitness studios and this place offers the lowest rates for a great class.
The gym itself is very well organized the locker room is big and well kept.
Awesome instruction and training partners were all high level.
I've had a great 2017 thanks to dr. satterlee and his team of expert trainers.
I was extremely nervous going in, but the trainers and other members made me feel right at home.
Awesome gym, staff, and environment.
Best commercial fitness facility in the area.
Tons of natural light near the massive cardio area allows for a great vibe.
She is an excellent addition to the staff at fitnessconnection.
I used to train at krudar religiously 4-5 times per week.
There is so much talent in this gym - from fighters to upcoming kids.
And if anything the classes are packed just because it is a good gym with an amazing workout.
I moved so i am unable to train there anymore.
I am looking for another gym right now, but none are the same... not even comparable.
Perks of this gym:       * space: traffic to the gym is relatively light, even at rush hour.
I'm not aware of the class schedule (yoga, posing, some group fitness classes), but that's what their website is for.
Despite my glowing review, i urge everyone to consider other gyms.
I've been training at hisardut for about three years now and haven't had a bad experience yet.
The prices are reasonable, the training is off the charts and the people are generally nice.
It's an mma system specializing in self-defense and weapons-defense training.
At tpt, i found motivation in expertly-led group training classes that pushed me through some fitness plateaus.
The team at tpt are highly knowledgeable, fun, and serious about their commitment towards physical fitness.
I highly recommend this gym for anyone who is looking to get serious about their overall  health and well-being.
While this is not a gym to use if you do not like crowds.
The gym parking lot is well lite and with the large amount of visitors you are rarely alone.
Staff is always friendly and they keep this gym impeccably clean for a gym.
This gym is large and has everything you need for any type of workout.
All of the cardio equipment has a personal tv.
This review is for the massage services at this particular mountainside fitness.
I recently signed up for a personal trainer and her name is devon.
I definitely see and feel a difference within my body since i started  training with devon.
I stopped into agape after straining my back badly while on a business trip.
I give independence gym 5 stars due to the high energy positive atmosphere .!!
I am glad to be a member of the independence gym family.
A clean, well-stocked gym with a swimming pool (a little small), basketball court, free classes, sauna and hot tub.
There are lots of nautilus machines and free weights, as well as lots of treadmills, bikes and stair climbers.
One of the better gyms i've ever been in.
This gym has everything you need, it's not your ordinary gym at all the atmosphere is always fun and intense.
If you want personal training there are plenty of trainers to choose from.
The dumbbells get up there for the crazy days, it is the first gym i've seen with live dj sets!
Sadly i will be leaving syndicate gym behind.
I have nothing but the absolute highest praise for this gym, the management and especially their instructors.
From the gym i took some beginner no-gi jui jitsu from alex and some beginner muay thai from john.
I never belonged to another gym.
I love independence gym!
Lots of machines, weights, and lots of cardio machines.
This gym has a very friendly and helpful staff.
The great thing about this gym is that, even during busy hours, it isn't completely packed.
You'll be welcomed with open arms and a big wag of the tail for the gym mascot roo.
Its hard to explain but i think that is normal for gyms.
They have an area with weights that has everything you need to become a better athlete.
The gym has a ton of space to train and plenty of heavy bags.
The true mark of a quality place to train!
The picture on the website is an accurate representation of the family vibe in this gym!
So i start by giving it a four star only because it doesn't have a basketball gym.
The facility is clean and ready to be used for all your personal fitness goals.
I've been coming to this gym for 6+ months and haven't written a review?
And i see girls in the free weights area pretty often!
(girls, do more weight training.
Trainers are exceptional and they make me feel so comfortable whilst training there.... definitely worth it for me!
It's seriously the best cardio workout i've ever experienced.
It's all about muscle training/development to do this type of class.
Zmcf is a great gym with an awesome culture!
Owner is friendly and inclusive of all exercise experience levels facility is clean and well maintained trainers teach and push
This was the first gym that i joined when i moved to vegas 4 years ago.
At first i was apprehensive about going and a little embarrassed because of my weight.
The day i walked in i was greeted with a big smile from travis, fitness coordinator.
He made me feel welcomed and asked me to pick a trainer on the wall.
I went back to the gym everyday and had training twice a week for 6 weeks.
I joined and completed their 60-day fitness challenge and surprised to among their winners!
This gym is wonderful .
My son trained there in small group training and personal training and i have to say the program was fantastic.
It is a great place for children and teenagers to learn fitness fundamentals.
The gym is locally owned and run by great team who personally focus on your individual needs.
I've loved this gym from the first day i became a member 15 years ago.
Supreme has a family feel to it unlike some behemoth gyms.
Its a basic gym, but has everything you need to work out.
Has some nice cardio equipment & nice weights.
I love your gym.
Go follow my instagram fitness page: @healthy.teenee .
* #crossfit  #functionalfitness  #chuckwallastrong  #chuckwallaambassador
There is nothing else i could ever ask for in a gym.
I am a nighttime gym-goer, and i needed a gym with late night hours.
The dowd ymca is the big daddy of charlotte gyms.
Also, if you like going to the gym to mingle and meet, this is your place.
But it's still the best gym in town.
Full body weight workout/functional training/hiit all in an hour!
This is probably the best 24hr fitness in vegas.
He has helped me reach my goals and now he is training my teenage daughter.
But thanks to bill and his amazing training she is back...
There are signs that state no shows/gym clothes.
It's gross, but otherwise, great bang for your buck as far a gyms go.
I absolutely love this gym.
The whole staff, including front desk, trainers, sales, and porters are always helpful, welcoming, and professional.
Moving back to madison i was a bit disappointed with the group fitness options in the area.
All cardio equipment are in good and functioning condition.
Great gym super clean, the equipment is good (wish they had a real bench press though).
But the staff is not friendly, have only had bad interactions with trainers and management.
Luckily i don't have to see or deal with them often since i train at night.
Anyways it's a pretty good gym.
Your in and out and its over before you know it...no need to think up a weight lifting routine.
I have been training with brian for 6 years now.
They offer a lot of services, from personal training to sports performance training, and everything in between.
I usually like to be in and out of the gym.
So i continued going to the gym and persevering my "problems" the best way that i knew how.
The trainers create an hour long work out, that they know you will love and hate at the same time.
No more getting to the gym, then looking around wondering where to start?
The trainers are 100% invested and treat you like family!
Can't wait to see what the future holds for this awesome gym!
Best mma gym in las vegas, great coaching staff, solid training, would reccomend it to anyone!
So fast forward 12 months, i've come to appreciate this gym!
I stuck to my fitness plan and reached my fitness goal for the year!.
Ive met cool people and gained new friends, and i'm a fan of the group fitness classes they offer here.
The membership i signed up for included unlimited group fitness classes at gold's gym.
My favorites are the dance fitness classes.
Love hot hula fitness!
It's like a bit of polynesian dancing, alot of cardio!
Wear comfy gym clothes and shoes.
Bring water...that goes for anytime you come to the gym...that and a towel is a must!!!
A great selection of weight lifting machines mixed with free weights.
The cardio equipment was also set up in a way that made sense.
A fantastic basketball court for cardio, sports, etc.
I've been training at thurston personal training for over a year now.
The first thing i noticed is how wonderful everyone is at this gym.
I couldn't be more excited to have a gym that is respectful and hip.
I've accomplished things i wouldn't have thought i could with their training and encouragement.
Trainers here are truly exceptional!
I attended this club upon recommendation from my friend (a fellow fitness fanatic) and she promised me a "good" workout.
Greg (the founder of fuel training), was a great host.
And truly offered personalized training.
I've been training with steven q 3x a week for a little over two months now and love my results!
Steven is a positive motivator and really pushes me to reach my fitness goals.
I couldn't be happier with my decision to train at tpt!
I joined this gym on 5-7-14 & so far i'm happy with this place.
... no gym creepers.
This gym has everything you want, and very little you don't.
Never lacking pull-up bars or free weights, along with lots of machines that are glimmering clean.
I recommend seeing a trainer to get past your own wall that is hard to climb.
I am proud to call this my gym and it's a blast to be with them!
This gym is truly amazing.
I was fortunate enough to be trained by j, one of the owners, who is very knowledgeable and patient.
He also went over a diet plan for me which aided me even further in my fitness plan.
I'll be forever grateful for the knowledge and strength he helped me develop in my fitness journey.
Hands down the best la fitness that i've visited.
You get a great cardio and strength training workout in an hour and it's tailored to your ability and/or limitations.
Overall, this is an above average gym, though not "amazing."
The weight area contains a lot of machines, with a wide variety of unique machines to try out.
The equipment is pretty decent and well maintained; there is a freeweight machine, two squat racks, among other similar equipment.
It never gets crowded at this gym, so you don't really have to worry about waiting to use anything.
The front desk people are very friendly; they always greet you when you enter and exit the gym.
Still, this gym is a pretty good place to join if you don't mind these things.
Great community and the best trainers i have ever worked with.
I like this gym a lot.
The vibe is nice - part gym, part spa.
The gym is very welcoming and encouraging in that respect.
The best of the best are created at this gym.
Everyone here trains hard and encourages you to do the same.
Absolutely love this gym!
I recently signed up with joe and raul for regular fitness training and i've never felt more comfortable.
Finally a gym where i don't have to worry about people staring or if i'm doing things right.
This gym is 5 stars without a doubt
They have an open floor plan which is great because it makes the gym feel spacious and lively.
Built by braden is an amazing gym.
I am fortunate to have found this gym for myself and am happy to give it 5 stars!
I have tried many dozen diets and programs for losing weight in my life but none worked.
Premier fitness is for anyone who is serious about getting fit and truly strong.
My trainer that day was lisa and she is the reason i'm leaving this review.
I joined the fitness nation boot camp about 2 months ago.
When i joined, the trainers and members were very welcoming.
I am 100% motivated thanks to fitness nation and the results are already showing!
I needed some fitness and 360spin fit the bill.
Just switched over to golds gym from planet fitness and what a big difference.
Top notch mma gym.
The coaches are the best around and the gym is always clean.
This is the best gym i have ever gone to!!!
It's a small space, but patrons and trainers tend to be more polite than the larger goodlife locations.
There are a lot of stairs in and around the gym, but it's a solid bet for me!
Great workout, clean gym and friendly staff.
Both my girls loved this gym.
The trainers are motivating and make sure you do the exercises correctly.
The gym is quite large so everyone is spread out so it never looks crowded.
I take my daughter here once a week during their kinder open gym.
Angelo is an incredible trainer.
You need to meet him and you will know you found one of the best trainers.
24 hour fitness is legit !
He wants to go to the gym !
Anyways, this gym is open 24 hours with the exception of fri and saturday when they close at 9pm.
I just finished another workout at planet fitness.
As many know, this #goodlife location was once an extreme fitness and, before that, the #dunfield club.
I decided to check out the dunfield gym since it's near my new home.
The downside:  expect the usual sales gimmicks and personal training pitches.
The people at this gym are top-notch.
The facility is clean and also has a weight/cardio section.
What's not to love about a fitness class that has a dj spinning music on a saturday morning!
The gym is also visually just cool.
Everything this gym does is exceptional.
This gym is great.
The trainers that i have worked with a very nice and very good!
It's a little pricey compared to other gyms of a similar quality but it keeps it from being too crowded.
It's a great space with a few reformers, weights, treadmills & trx bands.
Great gym...awesome equipment, superfriendly-supercool management and really nice atmosphere for those who take their workouts seriously.
My [scottsdale] gym when i'm in town.
I have been going to this gym for over a year now and i really like it!!
The trainers are amazing and energetic.
Unlike many gyms i've been to, they are there to train you and correct your form.
Serious gym with positive and encouraging atmosphere.
Glad i joined and left fitness 19.
It's the best cardio workout i've ever experienced.
Best gym in surprise.... thats it.
It is pretty: fufu gym, but if your not a hardcore meathead then it has everything your looking for.
I like the daycare, clean environment, nice amount of equipment, cardio etc.
Personal trainers are helpful also.
When i was lacking motivation i did ask the trainer: brian to get me going again with some sessions.
Overall like i said before best gym in surprise.
Relentless power gym is great place to train!
Mike early, owner and coach, is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about powerlifting and fitness in general.
I've trained under kyle who's extremely good at his job.
Definitely visit this location for a tour if you're looking for a gym and training classes in particular.
Sean "shawny sean", the trainer, helped me out by showing me the brazilian butt lift.
I always enjoy when i can come train with him and his fighters.
It's a must to see for every fitness freak!
Free weights and machines from the american top brands will make not only your myocard muscle happy.
I'm active duty military and i rarely come home so it's hard finding a gym.
If you are considering trying the monkey bar gym, do it.
There are enough modifications so that everyone at every fitness level can workout and progress.
I did a pushup with 80 lbs of weight on my back.
I was excited that they are open 24/7 and have all the amenities that i am seeking in a gym.
I was given the full tour and met with the personal trainers that were not busy at the time.
The gym itself has a very nice set up with lots of different machines and at varied fitness levels.
The gym feels fun and is very clean.
Cleanliness at gym is highly important to me.
I look forward to making the gym think stick so off to the treadmill.
I could definitely imagine arnold, himself, training in this gold's gym.
The only downside is that the gym gets very crowded at certain times throughout the week.
I really like the facilities for a number of reasons...  - all gyms are a little dirty.
Overall, the nat is very clean and i don't see the filth that i've witnessed in other gyms.
So check it out... the nat is a solid choice when you're looking for a fitness center.
It was my first time in a crossfit gym and i was very impressed by coach rob and the team.
Definitely would recommend this gym!
Crossfit culmination south on warm springs is an amazing gym with an awesome staff.
I've lost so much weight and have gained lean muscle !
Friendly, non-intimidating environment in a beautiful, converted train station.
I have come to this gym for a few years.
The gym is quite a bit smaller than other locations, and has limited equipment.
It has a good amount of free weights, machines and cardio.
Overall, good life gyms are decent.
I joined this gym after leaving fitness 1.
This gym isn't perfect but is as close to perfect as i could ask for.
I like the long hours the gym provides for daycare.
& might be wrong but i think the scottsdale location also has better tv channels than the surprise gym does.
This is the best gym in surprise.
This gym is amazing and has helped me transform my body completely!
The only cons to this gym are the people who go here.
There is a sign in the gym stating "do not monopolize the equipment".
Not so here, i'll say: i love going to this gym!
I'm a big fan of this gym, i will be a member here for the long term!
This gym is awesome.
The gym gets pretty busy during the week days after people get off work.
This was a problem when i was training for my marathon.
I love the training that specifically fits people my age - fit over 50.
This is the first gym i have ever stuck with on a consistent basis.
Honestly this gym has to be one of the cleanest gyms i never been to.
Anyone can workout here no matter what age, ability or fitness background!
The programming includes weightlifting/strength and conditioning workouts.
I have been very happy with my experience at fitness together.
Joe reed is the owner and is my trainer.
I have joined gyms - lots of times - but this is totally different ...
I love this program - seth and the other trainers i've met (brianna and alaina) are great.
I haven't found anything that matches the workout i get from icardio and it has changed my life!
Sam is by far the best personal fitness trainer i've ever hired.
Like almost any gym, there are pros and cons.
Ill start with the benefits first since i feel they outweigh the cons of this gym.
I've been to a lot of gyms where they say "xxx dollars per month and that's it."
All in all, the gym is great because of the price and no crowds.
Stay out of the globogyms and get into power in motion, you'll know the difference right away.
Everyone at the gym was very welcoming and were quick to provide encouragement during work outs.
I've attended tabata sessions with sylvie and she is a fantastic and knowledgeable trainer.
This gym delivers a solid program, i just wish i lived closer!
Wish they had later classes but th gym is clean and the staff is nice.
Over all i find this better than la fitness for what it offered at its price.
I really enjoy this gym because it is right by my work and has everything i need.
No meat heads, and a lot of cardio equipment.
I love everything about this gym.
This gym can accomodate anyone from a serious body builder to a newbie (which is me).
Lots of free weights and machines.
Best of all, their motto, "your calorie burning, weight lifting, results getting, gym!"
But if you want help or have questions there are always people (trainers and staff) that want to assist you.
The best part is that it is a gym and not a "pick up spot".
Clean facility , friendly staff, and my favorite part : the cardio cinema !
Not to mention the wonderful personal trainers, namely jamie.
Everyone is polite and pleasant but leaves me alone (which is how i like it at the gym).
Some of the classes are fantastic (mostly the cardio ones).
Love love love this gym!
Now since the gym has been taken over by new management, you can absolutely see the difference.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to meet their fitness and weight loss goals!
I was blown away at the knowledge and effectiveness of the trainers here.
There is no going back to other types of gyms or training after seeing what anthem does.
The price is a little less than some of the other bigger gyms.
Highly recommend this gym.
Pay around $29 bucks a month, which is a steal for this gym!
I used to go to this gym while i was living in phoenix.
Their prices are super fair (in terms of crossfit gyms in the community), they have some great deals for students.
I love this gym, and miss it a bunch!
I have been going to this gym since it opened.
I have belonged to la fitness, mountain side, and orange theory.
I really like how it's not a "gym night club" like la or mountain side".
Straight killers train here as well as scrubs like me.
This gym is the best martial arts gym my son has been to .
Top notch trainers, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and a world class gym.
I love that there is a true olympic lifting area with bumper weights, bars that spin properly, and kettle bells.
We were looking for a place to train our 13 year old daughter who plays volleyball.
She's trained there 3-4 days a week for 8 weeks and her block jump has improved by 4" already.
Her trainer, tyler, keeps things fresh and challenges her regularly.
Extremely clean, spacious and well equipped private gym.
Robert with his extensive experience in bodybuilding and nutrition has made a great getaway with this gym.
24-hour access, kitchen, shower and an awesome environment to train at.
Looking forward to starting group or one-on-one training one of these days.
I've spent hours on end at the gym.
People - including all staff - are pretty cool and trainers are nice too.
Free weights go up to 160.
Today i for personal reasons decided to part ways with planet fitness.
But, this gym has always been an excellent facility.
Lindsey the manager always making sure the gym was operating at top efficiency.
Nat the trainer excellent coach to those she trains.
The staff themselves live and practice the standards set down by planet fitness.
This gym is not about fancy fluff.
They don't have a/c, no fancy schmancy equipments, no mirrors - i'm sorry (not sorry), no gym #selfies here!
If you are looking for great group training, this is your place.
This gym is great.
Lashay and his trainers are great.
I found myself looking for a personal trainer last year and 1on1 came highly recommended.
Two friends had worked with chris (owner and lead trainer) and spoke highly of him.
I was initially nervous to try the boxing training, but quickly fell in love.
I think everyone should know that this boxing training is for fitness purposes only.
I would highly recommend the personal training or bootcamp fitness classes with chris.
On top of being a passionate, personable trainer, he was always pushing me to give 110%.
I think that those that can do, others get a trainer to help them along the way.
This is by far one of the best gyms i've been to.
Sometimes it's a bit crowded, but seriously what gym isn't.
Great gym that offers a wide range of mma training with some elite instructors and great people all around.
Jiu jitsu, muy thai, wrestling, conditioning, boxing and weightlifting, this place has got it all.
You get a great instructor, fun music, mix of cardio, and weights.
Best gym in town by far.
And when you sign up you life time bucks to try out a personal trainer.
I came to train with marcus nash after seeing the results of my friends that go to him.
Gym is super clean and never crowded.
I used to work out at la fitness but it became too much for me.
I love this anytime fitness.
I love that (most) people re-rack their weights.
This is the place to be for recreational and competitive gymnastics!
My preschooler has a blast and is a learning so much more than gymnastics.
(with a healthy diet of course) the trainers are so extremely helpful, and tailor to what's right for you.
The gym is always clean and the staff is friendly.
This gym has everything you need.
Heard good things about this gym so i decided to check it out.
Family environment coupled with good vibes make for great training.
This gym is a no-frills workout space that is designed exactly for that: working out.
The trainers at this gym are actually good trainers.
Plenty of cardio machines, lots of free weights (love) & all the machines you could want.
This is a great gym, all around.
I can not say enough good things about thurston personal training.
I've been coming to this gym since december and i have gotten already the so many results.
This is my home gym!
The only good thing about this gym is that its across the street from my home!
Its a great gym!
The instructors in the fitness classes are excellent as well.
The core training class is great.
Adam, the owner, is donny osmond's personal trainer!
They offer group classes, one-on-one training, and the best sports chiropractic and massage care out there.
I love this gym, it has a great family atmosphere.
The best gym to learn any martial arts.
This is a small neighborhood gym.
Priced higher than you'd expect for a small, basic gym.
The club looks new, it's clean, good selection of cardio machines.
Locker rooms are very nice for such an inexpensive gym.
I liked this gym.
Also i'd recommend better ventilation or new mats/carpet in the carpeted area (weights area), the smell was not pleasing.
Having said that, the gym was pretty good.
Awesome gym with all you need right here !
The gym has all of the typical crossfit stuff plus onsite serious physical therapy from dr. avakian.
Have fun, train hard,  billy
I've been training here for over two months.
Great size for weight training and cardio.
I just canceled my contract with my old gym to join this gym.
The perfect place to train and prepare for my next figure competition!!
If towel service and personal tvs on your treadmill are your priority, bang fitness is probably not for you.
Great community and the best trainers i have ever worked with.
This small gym tucked away in mesa is a great little gym for bootcamp style workouts.
I had an online coupon for a couple of 1:1 kickboxing lessons and a couple of fitness classes.
I got an immediate response from regina inviting me to train, and letting me know which class i should attend.
I highly recommend this gym to new and experienced crossfitters.
This is a review for the gym.
They have plenty of machines and free weights, a smith machine and an olympic squat rack.
Some things to think about before signing up, they do not have showers and it is truly a neighborhood gym.
I wish the "functional" training section was bigger.
Hopefully someday they could expand it to the sitting/pt training area!
Kta fitness is becoming my exercise oasis.
It is so much fun that i hop out of bed at 5:30 every morning to go to the gym.
Trainer always there, and they demo the workout before and show you proper forma and how to modify each station.
Lets face it, it's not just the gym but the people who work their matter!
As for the gym itself: it's absolutely fantastic!
Good people to train with.
Long story short, you'll never start training in bjj soon enough.
Wow this gym is like globo gym in dodge-ball!
I tried cardio barre, the beginner class, for the first time and i really liked it.
I typically do weight and resistance training as well as hiking and wanted to mix it up a bit.
I worked with personal trainers that have been amazing and seen the same results with ehpt in weeks.
I started coming to cardio barre about 3 weeks ago and am absolutely loving it.
I love cardio barre!
Seth and his team are very encouraging and the gym as a whole is a very positive environment.
I toured the gym area on my first visit as the class area was not completed at that time.
The gym has all the basic cardio equipment, treadmills, bikes, ellipticals, and weight training equipment.
If you want to do the classes it's $89.99 a month but that includes the 24-hour gym access as well.
This is the first place i have been where i absolutely trust the trainers and the workouts.
Jared is one of the most knowledgeable trainers i have met.
Great training facility and the best workouts i've ever had, bar-none!
Dropped into this box to complete 15.3 today because i was in the area for spring training (let's go giants!!!)
At independence the staff and trainers are also very nice and you always see smiling faces.
This is not the case at independence, these people are serious about fitness.
Researched some options for true mma gyms, taking into account staff, pricing, distance, schedule, etc.
Non-pretentious as some high level mma gyms can be.
I love this gym.
It involves intervals of skipping, push-ups, abs, boxing with the bag, and strength training..and in the summer, running stairs!
Gotta go its gym time.
Spectrum fitness has now taken over the former fitness factory at this location.
Whatever issues this gym had before, the new management is really trying to make things better.
Trainers are knowledgeable and affable.
Cheyenne the trainer is great.
Guys i love small gyms, and especially not crowded small gyms.
This is a perfect gym for me- open 24 hours(and holidays!
This may not be the nicest or newest gym around, but the people that work there and attend are amazing.
Real results fitness "las vegas" hands down, the best team of training/motivator in the valley.
Love the fitness center.
Their group fitness classes are seriously the best, the instructors are all so personable and really care about the members.
The staff and trainers and great too, very friendly.
They offer court sports, trx training, personal training, body assessment and fitness and nutrition coaching.
Throughout the year they offer special programs like new year's weight loss challenges and summer active kid's camp.
Several times this meant i got a free personal training session.
Seth is a top-notch trainer.
Seth is not one of those in-your-face trainers unless that's what motivates you personally.
In addition to individualized personal training, he offers group classes which are not necessarily so tailored, but still very effective.
Great for weight/strength/cardio workouts.
There's some of you who complain about parking and having to walk...you're going to a gym you lazy f**ks
), spacious locker rooms.. pretty much everything you'd expect of a decent gym.
Checked a few gyms around town but im right at home with andrada muy thai.
This is a perfect little gym.
If your looking for a super sized meat market of a gym this is not for you.
If you want to work out among lots of motivated people this is the gym for you!!
The staff is really friendly here and they keep the gym clean.
They also have a kids area but no space for classes like yoga or spin but still a great gym!
This concept is the only gym that has helped me with weight loss and toning.
My fiancee and i just recent started using this 24 hour fitness.
We used la fitness for years but didn't like the crowd or atmosphere much.
Very nice gym in good west side location near westgate mall.
Highly recommend this gym!
Just joined this gym.
When i joined they offered a free personal training session.
Nathan, the personal trainer was so helpful and fun.
If you are looking for a gym or personal training nathan is the guy for you!
I have been training at tpt since october of 2017.
From my very first day at tpt i have been training and with stephen thompson (current trainer at tpt).
He has been nothing short of amazing and i recommend him to anyone looking for a understanding and committed trainer!
I thought i knew what i was doing so i was skeptical about working out with a trainer..
More gyms opening really soon.
I love love fuel training club!
Greg is truly the best and most professional trainer in toronto.
Fuel is an awesome gym with the newest impressing equipment which will optimize your workout.
It's a very personal gym with excellent service and it is definitely worth the extra cost.
There is no other gym like fuel in to and i give it my highest recommendations.
My favorite gym of all time.
The trainers are amazing and motivate me to actually get there.
Real results is the best gym in town.
It's not just a gym it's a community.
This is the only gym i've joined where i'm actually getting the results i want.
I highly recommend this gym.
If you have a friend that comes to the gym check try a free class on first fridays.
I go to this gym at least 4 times a week.
The gym itself is huge, i mean it's 3 stories....do gyms get bigger than that in the cleveland area?
:)  the gym itself is still 5 stars.
My son genuinely enjoys going to the gym and playing with the kids now.
I'm glad that the gym makes an effort to improve based on what members describe here in yelp.
I only trained with tpt for a few months but the results were outrageous.
I love 24 fitness.
I would consider myself kind of a gym snob, very picky about cleanliness and equiptment.
I drive past 3 other gyms to get to this one.
Not alot of standing around trying to impress and take up space like i've seen at other gyms.
Clean modern and maintained gym and equipment.
I've heard it and you might have heard it...this is one busy gold's gym.
I'm a gold's gym and a 24 hour fitness member.
Some gyms out here have to be avoided during different times, especially peak times.
This is one of those gyms.
Combine the two and you get one packed gym.
That being said, i do avoid this gym during peak hours.
So, i assume this is also a good chest and leg gym too.
As for cardio, either it's lacking or there's just a lot of cardio dukes & duchesses here.
Other highlights: -tanning room (if you have this added too the membership) -cardio theater -clean locker room.
I started a weight loss challenge in january.
You will get help, explanation & ideas to help with your nutrition and fitness needs and goals.
All of the trainers are enthusiastic and knowledgeable and play great music to motivate you.
I love cardio barre!
Orangetheory fitness lake norman opened right around thanksgiving, right in time for the holidays.
I chose otf because i knew the reputation of the head trainer, sarah.
The class consists of 30 minutes on the treadmill and 30 minutes on the indoor rowers and weights.
The other half of the class is indoor rowing and weights and you go back and forth between them (ie.
My 11 year old daughter has trained here for 8 months, and i have done some training as well.
She had heard that this gym was non-judgemental and had a high female enrolment.
And all the other gym members that have been there for years have that same mentality.
Impeccable equipment and all around useful gym.
Quite simply the best gym in las vegas.
Main focus from the beginning is on your experience from the gym, not selling you a membership.
Smiley goes out of her way to make sure everyone feels welcome and helps you reach your fitness goals.
I like this gym.
Older equipment you don't find at other la fitnesses.
Place is huge and has a special jungle gym type area for squatting and deadlifts.
Nice little local gym in pittsburgh.
They feed people, do holiday events and of course have a decent gym.
So i went to yelp to find a local gym and of course there's always a y by you.
I am very impressed with this gym.
He is an awesome trainer.
Come see troy for your personal training needs!
Good gym not to busy and you rarely have to wait for equipment.
Every now and then, the basketball games get a little intense and the sound carries into the fitness area.
The group fitness classes were amazing!
Pure fitness arrowhead has literally changed my life.
Then, the gym's owner jose personally helped me set up a meal plan.
Next, i decided to join the fitness challenge which started in the middle of january.
I received help not just from my trainer, but from all the trainers.
Pure fitness arrowhead offers tons of classes, many of which i take.
My favorites are the purept training sessions, saturday seminars, and the monthly boot camps.
The thing that keeps me coming in to pure fitness arrowhead is the people, however.
My trainer isaac pushes me harder than i've ever been able to do alone.
I've been to many gyms (although, you can't tell), and this is the absolute best option for the price.
It's used as a "cardio cinema."
They play a movie while you get some cardio done on one of their high tech machines.
Tanning, massage, group fitness, etc.
I will be joining this gym!
Their fitness areas are a bit dis-jointed as well.
Some fitness machines are upstairs, some are downstairs.
While on business travel, i have seen anytime fitness all over the us.
I quit the gym i was going to and signed up.
Please seriously consider af as your gym if you live in rock hill.
You can also attend any of their gyms across the us or ones nearby for free.
I moved to the area in january and was looking for a gym.
I had been a member of golds gym in the past and this was my first  option.
Ofcourse any gym wouldn't be a gym, if they didn't  offer the other programs available.
Hence the reason for joining a gym rather than using the free gum at my apartment  complex.
He suggested that i would benefit from a personal trainer.
My first trainer, kalinda was great,but she moved and i inherited nick.
All of the trainers are helpful.
No problem, there are paper towels and spray conviently located throughout the  gym.
I have been to the other gold gyms around town and this one is my favorite.
A great selection of group classes from barre and zumba to water cardio.
For the city of charlotte at least, the ymca is the way to go for gyms.
This is a great gym.
The other customers are friendly and not muscle head guys with attitudes like at my last gym.
The facility is clean, has a large selection and abundance of gym equipment.
This is my regular gym since september 2012.
I find 1-2-1 to be a great gym for what i need.
Lvac in my opinion is the best membership gym of its type i have belonged to.
Second floor is cardio, weights and additional class rooms.
Great facility and a great vibe in the gym.
I love this gym.
The place is always clean, they have plenty of machines and free weights and very helpful staff.
The trainers are knowledgeable, and the staff is warm and welcoming when you come in.
I'd say i'm the average gym participant.
I'm currently using a trainer individually, but i have done group training with much success.
It's never too crowded like those big box gyms.
I was in scottsdale for a couple days while my husband had a training for work.
I'm a bikini competitior so i need a gym that i could train at while away from home.
Independence gym was amazing!
Nah forreal, this is a good gym.
Been a member since january of this year and signed up primarily to take the group fitness classes they offer.
The gym itself is pretty clean and well maintained.
I get a great cardio workout with the hot hula fitness and zumba classes.
There are people of all shapes, sizes, and fitness level.
When i get a chance i'll take advantage of getting a personal trainer to help me reach my fitness goals.
They will help you achieve your fitness goals.
This is the gym for you.
Recently i've been private training with stacey stoneman.
One of the very few women-only goodlife gyms in the gta and the only one in downtown core.
That's one item the gym does not supply.
And i have faith in his ability to aid me in my progression and goals for crossfit and fitness.
This place is for everyone at every fitness level!!!!!!!!
Lots of cardio machines and a large free weight area.
It is an unpretentious gym and i love it!
I immediately started eating better and the weight slowly started to come off.
This is, hands down, the best gym ever.
This place has changed my life and my outlook on everything gym related.
This time, i attended a cardio class.
Without the family dynamics of the amazing trainers there (marcy, mason & gio are my regulars.
This gym is affordable, and upbeat!
I found a gym that i can get in and out doing a 5am workout.
There's a yogurt shop on the side of the building as well as a protein shop and other fitness things.
Long contracts like a typical big box gym, but its so low it's not going to break your budget.
I am not a goodlife member anymore - transitioned to the community centre gym about a year ago.
Has a ton of machines and weights.
I can't imagine any one ever needing to wait for a cardio machine.
The not so good:  -muscleheads - these guys dominated the entire free weight area.
But grunting, shouting and dropping weights is really unnecessary.
And if you can only do one rep before dropping the weights, maybe it's a sign that they're too heavy.
Not just another gym!
Although the training center just opened, i've been working out with borris for almost two years, and couldn't be happier!
Relatively new gym on blue diamond.
You can pump some iron, or do some cardio and then get your fake bake on.
Great gym, friendly workers, tons of equipment and it's open 24/7!
Other than that, this is a great gym!
What an amazing group of trainers & love all the challengers & members!!!
Mesa/qc is my home gym, they also have one in gilbert & arcadia area!!
This is active meditation; a totally elating, calorie-burning, cardiovascular adventure!
The gym is great.
This is the first gym i ever joined.
The gym is big, and has great lighting for working out.
I would recommend this gym for anyone seeking a great atmosphere to work out with a lot of positive energy.
I have been going to sommet fitness on and off since 2009.
I started going for pilates and added fitness and stretching over the years.
Steve, the owner, is an amazing pilate's instructor and fitness trainer.
You will get personalized instruction form trainers who care and know what they are doing!
This gym has it all!
I've been to other gyms before but this one is by far my favorite.
Definitely  recommend this gym.
La fitness is by far the best gym i've ever worked out.
And one of the reasons for that was because i had a wonderful personal trainer!
This is the cleanest gym i have ever been in.
No frills-- just a nice, bright, clean gym.
We've belonged to four different gyms now (they keep getting sold and/or closing), and we are really happy at youfit.
I love this gym!
If you need a gym to get busy in and not get distracted, this is the one for you!
I really enjoy this gym.
So much bigger than any other anytime fitness i've been too.
Thurston personal training is the best personal training and boot camp training!
The trainers are expert and personable.
I've had other trainers in the past and this is by far the best experience and results.
The only reason i had to stop training is because i moved out of state.
This is a great gym, clean and managed well.
Went to this gym for almost a year but was moving out of the neighbourhood.
A personal anecdote about how this gym takes care of you.
I was going to personal training on a monthly basis with a great trainer that they had on staff.
The gym manager was super accommodating of my situation.
Would recommend this gym to anyone.
I get all muscle groups trained at least once per week.
The other gym had me for 5 years.
"they are in there somewhere... just down deep"  is what my old trainer said.
Totally unlike a typical gym, they offer personal training and small group classes with a focus on functional training.
Adam, the owner, and all of his trainers are friendly, personable, and proficient.
It's a good neighborhood gym.
The facility has lockers, a children's playroom, a cardio section, a range of machines, and free weights.
I have nothing but great things to say about this gym.
The gym has all the equipment i need and i never have trouble finding vacant stations.
The trainers are all very professional and outgoing.
Fun, health and fitness.
For the price and convenience of where i lived, this gym could not be beaten!
Shamrock crossfit is a fantastic gym to pursue your fitness goals through crossfit.
I understand why people give this fitness 19 low ratings.
They take longer than they should to repair machines sometimes, and the gym is not immaculate by any means.
But when i go to the gym, i'm not looking for luxury to sweat in.
Fitness 19 has been exactly that for me, for two years now.
The highlight of this gym though, is its morning front desk man, jim.
But if you want a straight foreword, no-nonsense gym, fitness 19 is the place for you.
Of course the best thing about this gym would have to be that new facility smell right?
Ohh yeahh;)  i find the layout of this gym very convenient.
All of the free weights and smith machines are located right next to each other.
Kyle & ricky are the best trainers.
Great equipments and great personal training.
I absolutely love this gym & their trainers!
The trainers are passionate about what they do and it shows through their work.
They offer one on one training as well as awesome group classes (becca kills it!!).
If you're looking for a no frills true to form gym, check them out.
Great gym for powerlifting.
Everyone is here to lift, everyone reracks their weights.
A breath of fresh air over 24 hour fitness and lvac.
This is hands down the best gym that i've ever been to in the valley.
The free weight squat rack is usually free most of the time when i'm there.
But other than that, this gym is awesome.
It's what you expect from any gym.
The staff is awesome at my smart gym, the peoria location.
I have been cheerfully greeted by staff at the front desk each time i arrive at the gym.
It is a smaller gym compared to the large box gyms.
Check out this smart gym, you will not be sorry, more than likely, pleasantly surprised.
It is nothing like your global gym.
This is personal training taken to the next level.
This isn't a super busy gym but is located right beside bathurst subway station.
Padded weighted bars - yup.
I have been coming to this gym for almost 2 years and i love it.
I take advantage of the personal training they offer and i have seen tremendous results since when i started.
I highly recommend this gym to anybody who is looking to better themselves physically.
Keep up the great work anytime fitness!
Seth, the owner is personable and has excellent trainers on staff.
Can't wait to train again at tpt.
I think this is a great gym!
It definitely makes going to the gym easier.
Started going to this gym 2 years ago, best decision i've made!
Aaron is a great trainer!
The upper floors are filled with all sorts of gym equipment.
The gym overall offers a great membership for the price.
However, the best attribute of this gym is an instructor named russia.
By far the biggest gym in the gta.
Feels more like a resort than a gym, this is by fat the best gym in the gta.
This gym is always clean, there are always employees of some sort nearby doing their job of assistance or cleaning.
I don't care, i like a busy gym.
This gym is awesome!
Thanks for the nice and reasonable experience fitness 19!!
Open gym all day for people like me that can't always make a class.
No muscle douches or loud weight bangers.
A very clean and spacious gym.
Lots of mirrors, weight options and space to do your own stuff.
Its a no bullshit gym with simple contract, simple payment system.
Most gyms are a scam but this one is not!
Always clean, welcoming, and focused on wellbeing instead of weight, barre3 has wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.
I been working out with the trainer luis for almost 3 months and i've noticed significant improvement in my strength
It's not your normal gym or personal training environment.
This is my best alternative to an unused gym membership.
How have i not written a review for this gym yet.
I've been scoping out the trainers over my last few visits and they seem pretty intense.
They've got people doing football drills across the gym and throwing boxing bags around!
The weights area could be a bit bigger but overall decent location with friendly service.
Hopefully we will one day make it back but until then, this gym is the gold standard!
The workouts are always challenging, and the coaches help you to set and attain various fitness goals.
It's a pretty small box ("gym" in crossfit terminology) and the coaches work hard to form a sense of community.
I come here mainly for the cardio classes...
Got tired of all the jack offs at la fitness so i left and found this gem!
The staff is nice and the gym is always clean!
Good mix of people and a bad ass gym!
What i don't like, however is that i found the gym too warm for my "hot" self.
I'm used to personal fans on the cardio machines.
The cardio machines don't have personal tvs either, something else i'm used to.
I love cardio barre!
The gym has a great friendly atmosphere ..... every customer and client is known on a first name basis ...
I was grossly out of shape when i started personal training.
I absolutely adored my trainer.
After a few months of personal training i started going to classes instead.
The classes are held in what looks like an elementary school gym, complete with those little scooter things.
Recess is their cardio class, although i always found the the name a bit misleading.
I feel like i got plenty of cardio and muscle building in just one session.
Good gym for a good price.
Never overly busy like the big corporate gyms.
The trainers are sincerely invested in your work out and push you to do better.
For me, this gym is perfect.
It is small, so if you are expecting 40 different cardio machines, this is not the place for you.
It is always clean and doesn't smell gym-y.
I'm not sure if they provide access to their gym besides their classes.
The trainers are friendly as are the members.
Trainers are very motivated and classes are tough and fun.
As someone who travels across the us and goes to many gyms.
Multiple squat racks, benches, machines, cables, and cardio equipment.
If you cant find a machine to fulfill your workout in this gym, you don't belong in there.
The best part about gold's gym, by far is the classes.
Most of the trainers are professional.
This is one of my favourite gyms out of the countless ones i've frequented over past 15 years.
The trainer luis is a great motivation on helping you reach goals, losing weight, muscle gain etc
I came to this gym to train with marcus nash!
I am actually considering training as a fitness model after the results i have achieved with nash!
When i trained consistently, and just did what he suggested, i advanced quickly .
Legends gym has excellent classes available where everyone gets smoked and has a blast doing it.
I turned to mbg after becoming absolutely tired of the old-fashioned, come-and-lift-weights type of gym.
It's designed to meet anyone where they are at and help them achieve fitness/life/health goals!
But i would suggest you to avoid the bottom floor where all the intense weight training machines/weights are located.
Years have passed and i have been going to this gym ever since my last review.
The cardio machines are still crap because majority of them are broken, specially the elliptical machines..
This gym is great!
You have a maximum of 2 hours to park during your time at the gym.
- the gym and the change rooms are kept very clean every time.
Also, if you are someone who uses trainers, i would recommend checking this place out.
The trainers actually knew what they were doing and their clients were clearly getting outstanding workouts.
I joined this gym because its close by and the price is right, $15/month  the gym is very clean.
It's a total body workout, cardio and toning with weights...if you can survive the saturday class, you can survive anything!
We live around the corner and wanted a gym that we could join on a month to month basis.
The gym is locally owned and you can tell staff really cares about fitness and running a good program.
The tribe group fitness program offers good functional fitness in a small group environment.
The experience at this gym far outweighs any of the competitors.
Various rooms in the gym that don't explicitly do the photos justice.
As other reviewers have noted, this gym can get packed especially after 5 pm during the weekdays.
I've been a member of this gym for the last two years and i haven't had any issues or problems.
I love my gym and will continue to keep my membership here.
I've been going here (edge fitness), but honestly; i was on the verge of quitting.
When fitness for 10 took over it was an immediate change.
He always asks about my workout, and what needs to be done around the gym.
Amazing personal training services!
This gym is walking distance from a metro.
The vibe of the gym is young and fun.
There is amazing trainers that can give you any assistance you need and they answer any questions you have.
Seth and his staff of trainers are the best of the best!
Tpt trainers are not like trainers at a "membership gym".
It's about as much as a personal trainer in the park or a boot camp class.
And the best part, there's no gym bunnying/gorillafest primping during the workout, just go go go!
My daughter has been training here for over two years and we love it!
If you are looking to train in authentic israeli martial arts, this is the place to go.
It's a gym in full effect!
Best little gym there ever was!
Top notch training facility!!
Highly recommend checking this gym out!
;)  it's also just cool to see what other gyms do.
Because my home gym uses wodify, wodify members can do a drop-in for free at cf u.
This gym has a little bit of everything: free weights, cables, machines, cardio, classes, daycare & personal training.
Awesome gym with something for everyone....and i do mean everyone.
However, i will have to say that one of the most awesome thing about the gym is their trainer andre.
It had been years and 50lbs ago since i trained with a trainer.
He is the most wonderful trainer and is someone who really cares.
Check out the gym, you'll be glad you did.
The gym is very clean and well maintained.
If you are considering joining a gym in the west valley to me there is no other option!
My daughter has been dancing competitively for many years, but hasn't had much gymnastics instruction.
The gym is always clean, and the employees have been nice and helpful so far.
The prices are also more reasonable than some other gyms i have seen!
Prior to cardiobarre, i tried every gym membership, dvd workout & personal trainers & i lost interest!
Cardiobarre has kept my interest & i love working out with sarah, alyssa & vanessa!
Good gym but please fix the cable.
Its not as busy or crowded as lvac, there is always parking spots available right in front of the gym.
The gym is big, clean and spacious, with a good ventilation system and friendly members.
The amazing gym, the phenomenal coaches and the great people have changed our lives for the better.
We are so lucky to have lucy, danny and beau to help take our fitness to the next level!
I use the women's gym most often which has machines, free weights, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and showers.
The original gym/fitness center.
I belong both to the ymca as well as a corporate gym (la fitness).
Again, la fitness does not have anything like this system, but most ymca's in the valley have fitlinxx fully implemented.
I go the gym 4 to 5 days a week and never did encounter a problem here.
The staff at elite sport and fitness have been absolutely wonderful to work with!
Thank you to justin, sandy, dr. aaron and the rest of the staff at elite sport and fitness!
I like to workout at a gym that is loaded with everything i need.
Being a new gym, everything is clean, equipment is the newest and facilities are state-of-the-art.
Cardio machines (save for stairmaster) are ipod compatible (you can even charge it while you workout.
It also is sync-able with the nike ipod training app) and have individual t.v.
Like i said, their group fitness group was just completed last month.
Personal fitness assessment - this was a joke.
I thought it was quite a sloppy fitness assessment.
My daughter has been training here for about 3 years with leandro.
My frame of reference: i've been lifting weights and doing cardio for 12 years at various gyms across canada.
I like to engage in bodybuilding, weightlifting and powerlifting exercises.
Cardio and classes are not my priority as i'm already skinny and get my cardio from sports.
Cardio: there are stepmasters, tons of treadmills, bikes, spinning bikes, etc.
The personal trainers all seem great.
Towels: towels are included in your membership (small gym towels for while you workout, large ones for when you shower.)
Conscientiousness of members: people put their weights away and wipe up after themselves.
On the whole, great gym and i'd recommend it.
If i lived in one of those areas i would definitely be satisfied with this gym.
I like that the cardio equipment is equipped with better tv's!
Free weights seem to be scares and other machines but in all they have what i needed.
I have been going to the surprise mountainside fitness location for several years now, and love it!
My initial happiness with joining this gym continues.
I will say however that if i wanted to bike nowhere fast, the cardio cinema seems like a great idea.
My boyfriend and i had memberships to multiple gyms in town.
So we decided to check out both snap fitness and edge fitness since they were the closest to our home.
They also offer 1/2 off tanning to all gym members...another big plus.
This is a great gym.
I've trained at many places and the facilities and trainers here are awesome.
The muay thai coach is very good, his name is master nope and has trained some of the best.
They offer many options with training and workout classes.
Look no further, you have found the best gym in the west valley!
The locker rooms, equipment  and out on the floors this place is probably the cleanest gym i've attended.
The personal training provided here is outstanding!
I am proud to call myself a moutainside member and would recommend this gym and this location to anyone :)
The gym goers are respectable, and friendly.
Plenty of tv's around the gym to catch the leafs game!
Not very often you find a really well-equipped gym that has stylish decor and doesn't stink.
Referred to this gym by a friend and i'm really liking it .
Fithouse is the best gym hands down!!
The best trainers with the highest level of motivation!
They helped me reach all of my fitness and health goals and they became like family to me!
Devoted fitness & strength is the best gym in cuyahoga falls!
This gym is as good as it gets!
It's a great alternative to regular cardio/weight training.
I worked with gerred in small group training sessions and i can say he changed my life.
Before working with gerred, no fitness routine ever stuck.
Fitness is now an integral part of my life.
If you are looking for a trainer - and one that truly cares - see gerred.
Solid gym with a helpful staff.
I just completed my second fitness challenge and won!
Village also has a free weight / equipment area comparable to a nice hotel.
Life time has a large free weight area.
Basically village is more like a nice country club where life time is super nice gym.
No gym will ever be the same!
Able to focus on difficult to train muscles and build stamina.
But at uprising everyone including all the trainers are so helpful and encouraging you don't have time to feel inadequate.
I have been to other gyms and the people can make or break your experience.
I would highly recommend this crossfit gym.
You can work on your cardio, weight loss goals, strength training, olympic weightlifting, and personal training.
Also, this crossfit gym offers free childcare
I really like this gym and they recently added the stair mill which is awesome!
This gym is in our budget and has free daycare.
I've lost 25lbs so far thanks to this gym.
They also have amt precore open stride trainer which is a huge win hardly andy gyms carry these.
It is a great gym with a variety of different programs and nice swimming pools both indoor and outdoor.
The gym was great with plenty of room to use various equipment.
What you see in the yelp pictures is what you get at this gym.
I've had some buddies that did crossfit and all of them recommended this place because of the owner/trainer matt.
I was getting bored at regular chain gyms and felt i wasn't getting any better.
The cardio room is still really, really good.
Great gym, nice staff, good trainers, i tried a yoga class, instructor was awesome.
My wife loves the cardio cinema.
Excellent location - highly recommended for anyone looking for a gym regardless of fitness level.
Great services (classes, tanning, trainers & child care); a professional and highly positive staff and great leadership.
They are all friendly and we all have a common bond of fitness with each having a different motivation.
I have been going to this gym since may and i really like the place!
I did something unfortunate to my back this morning in the gym.
It is squished into a taller building, so a gym of this size covers several floors and it is confusing!!
In conclusion, the cons are very minute compared to the pros of this uptown gym.
I definitely think this is a much better deal than the close competitor sports and fitness.
$40 for a monthly gym membership is very reasonable for downtown in a larger city.
Trainers and weight room and boot camps on 1st floor/basketball floor.
Everyone will practice the movement without weight on the bar, even the most experienced athlete in the gym participates.
I've definitely gotten stronger since joining this gym and my mobility has also improved.
I love this gym.
This is a pretty good independent gym.
It took over from fortis fitness, which moved.
They have all of the weights that i want, including some unique things that you don't see at other gyms.
One of the great things about this gym or that there's 24 hour access.
My trainer works here and i work out here once in a while with him.
High intensity interval training.
Yes, you use a barbell, but it's usually empty and you might even go weight free.
Dillon is not just a great trainer but also a really nice guy.
Since i've been training with him i've dropped 30 lbs and am stronger than i've ever been.
I never thought of myself as a gym goer, but he keeps me motivated to keep going.
I've been going to several fitness studios in the city over the past 5 months thanks to classpass.
This is by far my favourite fitness studio in toronto.
Best anytime fitness i have seen.
I wish they had a tad more strength equipment , but it's a very nice gym .
I also like that all the cardio equipment has its own tv.
I have a trainer named joe (evenings) and he is the best.
Can not say enough great things about joe and the gym.
The front desk staff was very knowledgeable and i ended up signing up for personal training with grier.
He has a lot of experience in the personal training field.
She understand the human anatomy and is professionally trained.
This gym is perfect to get in & out w/o having to wait for a machine or weights.
Lifetime fitness in mississauga is one of the nicest fitness facilities in southern ontario.
Family friendly but also a gym-rats fantasy.
The gym was small also.
Sommet fitness is simply the finest fitness studio i've ever experienced.
I've been doing bodybuilding style workouts for a long time, following years of athletic training for baseball, football, etc.
Not only that, they bring nutrition and all aspects of lifestyle into your training.
I joined gold's gym before it even opened in market square back in 2008.
My favorite features of the gym that i enjoy the most is probably the cardio cinema.
Their trainer services are great as well.
You can get 3 free trainer sessions to get yourself set up with the machines and a basic workout.
I have been a member for over 3 years now and it's a great spot for fitness downtown!
What i love is the trainer motivating us during the workout.
The gym is really big with high ceilings and a lot of room for big classes.
The group training classes currently are m-f 6am and 11am and saturdays at 8am.
Great classes, great instructors and just overall the perfect gym for me.
Great gym to work out at.
Ben is head trainer and will take care of you.
Highly recommend this as your everyday gym.
Best gym in the area.
I love the attitude at this gym and the metro location as well.
I dont remember that care when i was at la fitness.
I also had a great experience with danny as a trainer.
This gym is exactly that... a gym... and i love it!
This isn't a place to show off your fancy new workout routine or coolest gym gadgets.
The members are seriously into fitness, and everyone is extremely respectful.
Boris and steve are the two trainers we've worked out with the most, and they are awesome.
=)  the gym itself is wonderful.
No other gym comes close.
I get everything out of a gym i want from here.
Great coaches to help you out and everything possible to help you reach your fitness goals.
The service is incredible, the gym is clean and they have anything you could ask for.
They found pneumonia where my cardiologist and gp could not.
One of the best gyms i've ever trained at.
Trainers here are top of the game, fun, experienced, and extremely innovative.
Looking forward to training here in the future.
A real bodybuilding gym.
This gym was something else!
This gym's machines weren't the newest but they also weren't badly beaten and there also is a basketball court.
I usually do fitness classes here.
I don't have kids myself, but i was impressed that they had a daycare area inside the gym.
I would definitely recommend this gym if you're in the phoenix area!
I am a long time extreme fitness member   http://www.yelp.ca/biz/extreme-fitness-toronto-4#hrid:gkfeqyztmlj-o7_gdae6wq.
Really nice and the gym looks great!
Will recommend this gym to others!
The classes are welcoming yet challenging for all fitness levels.
The coaches really show that they care and cater to your fitness needs and goals.
This gyms tribe classes were a great work out.
The trainers track your rounds so you can see your progress.
Their tribe "group fit" training classes basically take place in an open garage in the back.
So you are working out in the arizona heat and paying top notch for the facility/trainers.
I joined because i was really impressed with the mma team training.
I don't feel like i have to gym hop to get what i need.
I'm a female fighter and i enjoy training with the guys and also other female fighters.
I have been working out here almost 9month for me this is my "me time" my relationship with fitness ...
It is challenging too but way better than a boring gym.
It's a combination of weighs and intense cardio to get your heart rate up, and stay up!
All in all it was a successful gym trip for out of towners like us.
I've never weight trained before and was very nervous.
When i leave i will miss my family, but it is possible that i may miss this gym more.
They have a salon connected to the gym.
The gym is open, friendly, and the workouts are intense, but also customized for every level of fitness and ability.
It's the best gym in the area, by far.
An absolutely beautiful gym with pretty much everything you can ask for in one spot.
Once you hit the gym-floor, the options are endless.
Upstairs is an extensive cardio area with ellipticals, stairmasters, and treadmills.
The trainers are friendly and helpful, providing good instructions.
This gym is always clean and super convenient.
This is a serious gym for serious gym rats.
The quality of the gym and equipment is great and well maintained.
Bad cellphone reception because gym is underground especially for wind customers.
Is it costlier than other gyms?
There isn't a single thing that i can think of that i would add to this gym.
The only downside is they don't have a studio, or much of a spot for training and calisthenics.
It is never too crowded unlike the other goodlife fitness locations in downtown.
Being a smaller gym its always quite clean.
Getting back into the mix with gym life, this place appealed to me for a few reasons.
I am not a meat head but i will need larger weights in let's say.... a year...
I have been to this gym for over 4 months now.
The instructors shows very good technique and you don't really waste your time in the gym.
4) a pretty decent weightlifting room, with a good balance between weight machines and free weights.
Most importantly, the allegheny ymca is a very welcoming place, regardless of your age, gender, or current fitness level.
I've been going to thurston personal training since january 2017.
All the trainers make you feel welcome and the comradery in the group sessions is great!
This gym is awesome.
By far the best gym/work out facility in charlotte.
I haven't used their gym but love that they offer groupon, living social and amazon local deals.
He gave me a run down if the gym, the schedule of classes, and a little background on each trainer.
I'm into more cardio.
I like how all the trainers have there own music play lists.
1-2-1 fitness is hands down the best fitness center in the cleveland area.
Typically i do classes that don't have much cardio so trying the ferris 360 circuit was definitely new to me.
As an ordinary working woman interested in losing weight and getting lean, i decided to find a trainer.
Over the years i've worked with brian i've had the opportunity to observe many trainers.
I'm starting to fall in love with my gold's gym membership.
Everyone here is serious about their fitness.
There's plenty of room to do weighted walking lunges.
Overall, i'm a new fan of this gold's gym off eastern ave.  ps: i'm not cheating on 24 hour fitness.
I cannot say enough good things about this gym and the current staff.
I was a member at another local gym and didn't feel like it was a good fit.
I started xgt/smart gym with a free trial, i've been a member for a little over a year.
I take the xgt class at least 5 days a week and train with a personal trainer once a week.
I have been absolutely blown away with the quality of this gym.
I attended a 2nd birthday party for yelper-in-training, eliana l, at scottsdale gymnastics today.
Worth it fitness club if you have time to go everyday!!
Best gym in the area!
Lots of free weights and machines for the muscles, lots of cardio machines for the heart/lungs.
I've never had to wait for a cardio machine, though i intentionally don't go at 5pm m-f to avoid waiting.
Premier fitness is incredible!
Being a woman i appreciated paige's badass vibe and training style.
I recently joined this ymca after being a member at an upscale gym (total woman) for 10 years.
In my opinion, the best part of this gym is the mellow vibe.
My wife and i found sommet fitness on yelp over three years ago.
We train with steve vicera (sommet's owner) once a week ever since starting with him.
We could not recommend sommet fitness any higher!
They incorporate stretching, yoga, cardio, weights, toning - and the class is a full hour, which is awesome.
The cardio/workout rooms are small, but the people and instructors are great.
I like how the machine weight stations and free weights are positioned as well.
This is a great gym the trainers are personable and very knowledgeable.
This location is not a true 24-hour gym, it closes early on fridays, saturdays and sundays.
This 24 hour fitness is probably less than 5-6 years old.
This was a big complaint i had at la fitness - their pool always looked like a mess.
I've been a member of this gym for a couple years now and i think it's great.
Ummm its a gym...and who really wants to work out?
I've been going to this gym now for a month & have been very impressed with it.
Steve is a tremendous trainer.
They provide excellent coaching for workouts outside of the gym and advice on supplements to aid in training.
It has been well worth the investment in my health and fitness!
My daughter has been waiting for what she says "her whole life for gymnastics!"
I am glad it's a smaller family owner gym!
I never feel like i"m bumping elbows with anybody on any machine or weights.
I also utilize the trainers which is an extra charge and my trainer, haley, is great.
The trainers all seem very knowledgeable, helpful, and not a bunch of muscle heads like you so often see.
This gym is great and so are their employees!
Huge plus, you can see your kids on monitors throughout the gym if you turn to that channel!
You can also pay for private trainers too.
What i liked was the pricing $75 unlimited classes or $10 drop in not sure how much for personal trainers.
So getting back my gym!
My daughter belongs to this gym and i came into town and we wanted to work out together.
Beardown fitness is the best place to get a great workout with the best coaching around!!!
He is great with hands on training and being particular on having great form every time you workout..
Was looking for a new workout gym back in aug 2017.
Braden & dallas are very professional when it comes to their training and the services they offer.
Best gym in akron ohio.
Great staff, excellent trainers, and very affordable.
Brian the gym manager is very helpful and answers to all patron needs.
Power in motion institute is not just a gym, it's a community.
Plus...they include up to 2 hours of free childcare per day...that makes fitness 19 an incredible value.
As long as i am in southern highlands...fitness 19 will be my gym.
Gym is clean the staff is friendly and there is no wait to get in.
This is much faster than the old system where you had to wait to have someone scan your gym card.
The gym is reasonably large and still feels very new.
The cardio area has 11 alone.
2 times a week currently, a circuit training course is held for one hour to keep you lean and fit.
Steve is a fantastic trainer, very well prepared, so patient!
Johnathan has been my personal trainer and he's awesome!
Great gym, friendly for beginners and very helpful coaches and staff.
This is such an amazing gym  !
They love going to the gym with me!
Everyone is friendly and training is very in depth.
The gym is incredible.
It would be a mistake to train anywhere else.
If you live in las vegas you should train here!
The place is clean, well maintained and as a rule you don't have to wait for machines or weights.
There are a variety of fitness levels of the patrons (beginners to buff).
The trainers are good but i think a bit spendy.
I have been a member of a few gyms and this one is one of the better ones.
This is the first gym i've ever been in.
The latter part of february i visited functional training studio for an assessment.
Now i train with dustin twice a week and have a pri session with brian once a week.
I have been going to a gym and working out on my own for years with mixed success.
During foundations, which is a one on one training i lost 5 pounds and two inches off my waist.
What a great gym.
Gold's gym is amazing!!!
I had a trainer for 1.5 years until i got engaged and had to may for a wedding!
Personal trainer is the best thing i've ever spent my money on!
I usually do weights by myself but i know a lot of people love body pump.
Great gym, i'm actually closer to rainbow but prefer this one.
This gym isn't about getting paid!
Quiet too, not as noisy as regular gyms such as lvac and they have all the equipment you need.
I have been to several planet fitness around the state (around 5-6), and this is by far the nicest one.
They also don't ring the "lunk" alarm for perfectly reasonable gym behavior (something i've seen other pf do).
I really like this gym - it has lots of equipment and i never have to wait for machines.
The gym is solid and the staff seem friendly and upbeat.
The really awesome thing about mountainside fitness is their training staff.
My trainer is yvette and she is amazing!
Great gym and awesome trainers - win win!
It's your basic big gym.
I use to work at a gym in california so i already know about gym contracts and such.
I enjoy the atmosphere of big gyms and this one is no different.
Lots of different types of gym goers, plenty of classes and tons of equipment.
What can i say it's a gym not a luxury spa.
I have read many of the reviews here stating that they have had customer service issues wit the fitness connection.
I go to the gym, i workout and i go home.
This gym is what it is, a gym.
You go there to workout and take care of your fitness needs.
Go to the gym to work your body and mind not to hear other people tell you you're special!
Really nice gym, solid amount of machines and a few squat racks/cages.
This is a great gym for the entire family.
The staff is super friendly and helpful, the personal trainers and supportive and inspiring.
Regardless of whether you're more into cardio or weight lifting, this gym has it all.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who's looking to better themselves!
I have trained bjj here for almost two years now and have loved every minute of it.
Then he suggested premier fitness--a very different atmosphere, small, unique, creative, owned by two amazing guys greg and brandon.
I knew them a bit, and know greg's dad who raves about premier fitness (of course).
I need high energy, challenging, push me to the limit training.
We do things differently--free weights, no real machines, trx bands which are incredible for core, you name it.
This is one of the largest and nicest anytime fitness facilities i have been to.
They have the widest selection of dumbbells ive seen with some uncommon weights.
This gym is great!
The gym has lots of machines and weights to work out.
The gym is decorated with wanderlei's achievements.
The gym is available to members 24/7 which is really nice!
I personally train with j, but have received help from all the trainers in the gym.
I can't imagine training anywhere else!
They cater to all fitness levels and guarantee a great workout every time.
As a former collegiate gymnast, i struggled to find a gym and sport that i enjoyed as much.
Crossfit uru has rekindled my love for fitness and i see improvements in my strength and endurance every day!
Great equipment and atmosphere, iv'e been to many gyms and this is by far my favorite place.
If you are looking for the best crossfit gym in charlotte, you've found it!
Out standing gym - has some great trainers there too.
Randy mae knows hot to get results - recommend him to all whom needs a trainer.
I have been a member at fitness m o for over a year.
Besides the weight i have lost fat and gained muscle in its place.
You will not find a training staff that cares for you and your wellbeing more then the staff here.
Besides the staff being encouraging and making it fun, the other gym members assist in that just as well.
It feels like you have a personal trainer.
Textbook of what you would want in a gym , except no pool.
Super clean and pleasant trained staff.
Life time fitness is large and has a lot of cardio equipment and a good amount of strength equipment.
I wish there were more reviews about lifetime fitness matthews.
I was never around for when this gym was "lifestyle" before it turned into a lifetime fitness location.
I think this helps motivate people to come into the gym and change themselves.
Great trainers like kirk, and justin.
They not only teach one on one, but you can join a team fitness or weight loss class.
The 90 day challenge allows individuals to either change themselves through weight loss or transformation ( % body fat change).
Has a great selection of classes, equipment, and training routines for the membership.
Overall a great gym experience!
I've been here a few months now, and i so appreciate how this gym has added to my workweek!
I couldn't think of a better way to get in some cross training!
The people at the desk are helpful, and thankfully the in-house personal trainers stop bothering you after a few weeks.
This gym is pretty swanky, which is what i expected given the chain's reputation and the number of celebrity attendees.
The gym is extremely clean.
Whilst i was there i saw multiple people constantly cleaning the gym floor and the change rooms.
My overall opinion of the gym is that it is extremely nice.
If a five star hotel was a gym this would be the place.
Look no further, you have found the best gym in the west valley!
The locker rooms, equipment  and out on the floors this place is probably the cleanest gym i've attended.
The personal training provided here is outstanding!
I am proud to call myself a moutainside member and would recommend this gym and this location to anyone :)
:) steve & boris are amazing trainers and i am so happy to work with them!
Ctc will forever be my gym....
Great gym for powerlifters!
Tap ur fitness has a pretty good selection of equipment.
Also they have several pairs of each weight of dumbbells going up to 100lbs.
The gym is also hosts powerlifting meets.
Overall a pretty good non-pretentious gym for powerlifters and bodybuilders.
Closed most holidays which means you either have to shift your workout or pay a walk-in fee at another gym.
The appeal of this gym originally was that it was never busy.
It's actually been so bad lately that i've actually considered spending $4000 for my own home gym.
The worst part is they will use the gym during peak hours.
I pay for the gym and i should be able to access the equipment.
Students train with the mentality of helping each other, and to take every precaution against injury.
This gym is extremely clean and the service is amazing!
I definitely recommend this gym!
Starpointe has an adequate gym as well as a lap pool and some nice areas for lounging.
This is ultimately my favourite gym ever.
The gym itself is beautiful and well kept, but what really makes it is everyone that runs it.
Lifetime is a professional gym.
Someone is always at the front desk, towels are always available, the gym and lockers are very clean.
For the muscleheads / power lifters this gym has: several bench presses both flat incline and decline.
This gym does not permit chalk :( although i have seen some guys use it discreetly.
For the more general fitness enthusiasts this gym has plenty of tread mills, stair masters and really nice stationary bikes.
This gym also has a cool and large stretching / circuit room with boxing bags, gloves, foam rollers etc.
Other than that it a pretty complete gym.
This place is honestly the best fitness/excersize experience i've had.
These trainers are highly trained and educated and will whip you into shape before you know it.
Fun music and the its not a gym...its a play ground for the entire family.
Updated interior, new paint, new fitness room, removal of the unnecessary desk area and addition of cross-fit style training area.
My husband and i have been training with greg for over a year.
Anytime fitness is a great facility and concept.
Syndicate mma is everything you need in an mma gym.
If you're feeling hesitant to train at a gym of this quality because of it's world-class reputation, don't.
I'll never forget that my first day training my training partner said he was getting cramps from chemotherapy.
Made me feel real stupid about hesitating to start training.
You're never too old or too unhealthy to train bjj apparently!
Casey milliken also occasionally fills in for capitao when he's out training and he does a spectacular job as well.
Classes are taught at the kids level but are still excellent training.
I got to get my ass handed to me by the former ufc light heavyweight champion!
The energy in the gym is insane too!
I've traveled all over and this gym is definitely on my top 5 list!
Some of my favorite classes are zumba, cardio muscle, muscle conditioning, and yoga flow.
I could not be happier that we found this gym and would give it more stars if i could!
If cardio is your thing, a machine is always available.
The only thing that kills me about this gym is the parking.
Great gym  hey suggestion would be for the xgt fitness class more trx functional movement training that would.
I feel like i got plenty of cardio and muscle building in just one session.
I just started back at the gym a few weeks ago and after searching many gyms i settled on goodlife.
Put your weights away and stop dropping them from your shoulders to the ground after your last rep!!!
After trying many gyms, i decided to try icardio.
We were looking for gyms in surprise and many of them are dirty and old.
Mountainside has friendly staff, is kept very clean and has everything you'd need in a gym.
Good babysitting, fun classes, clean locker rooms and never a wait for cardio machines.
During peak hours you might have to wait for weight machines but that's to be expected anywhere.
Cost is a little higher than some gyms (65 for a couple per month) but it is so worth it
I am a 39 year veteran of the health and fitness industry so my opinion does count for something
All three of us take classes and enjoy everything about this gym!!
Most days i actually feel like i'm getting trained personally because that's just how good they all are!
This is the former sports and fitness gym.
We really like this gym, i love the options of classes and we love the childcare!
There's no better gym than this one.
The trainers really do care about you, your health, and your goals for fitness.
I have never been in better shape and i owe it all to this gym!
You won't regret coming to this gym.
He motivates without being a drill sergeant and i have seen substantial concrete improvements in my overall fitness.
Some of the best trainers i have experienced.
Good for all fitness levels.
Never had a gym membership before but i had to ask myself, "kyah, what the heck were you waiting for?!"
Gym pumpin music is played throughout on repeat, just in case you don't feel like lugging around your phone.
Friendly staff and friendly gym goers, you never feel out of place here; their motto is basically "you belong!"
It is a 24/7 gym after all, as i'm sure most are.
All in all, i'm very satisfied with this gym and i'm glad that i finally took the leap of faith!
I have been to plenty of gyms across the country.
As part of the carlson gracie team family, there's a cohesive philosophy in their training and style.
I found out from a friend though that this la fitness location happens to carry it!
Do yourself a favor and when you are searching for a crossfit gym select the gym with excellent coaching.
Smart weight, good technique, and proper progression is the key to becoming good at crossfit.
I have been pleased with this gym!
If you are looking for a gym with classes this will not be your place.
Love the open feel of this gym.
Overall, it's a great gym with a positive atmosphere.
It is not as big or fancy like 24 hour fitness or la fitness but still works really well.
I've been using the personal training service at this gym for almost two years.
In that time i've had 3-4 different trainers and each one has been supurb!!
The trainers are all in great shape and practice what they teach!
There's a real sense of community, which has been such a change from gyms i've tried in the past.
No one is handing out belts for no effort, and it's not a gym just in it for the money.
The only gym i've ever been to that i'm excited to go to every day.
Place is a little slice of fitness heaven.
I used to belong to la fitness and the best choice i made was switching to mountainside!
In the ladies room they have weights, machines, fit balls, exercise mats, straps and much more.
Highly recommend it if you are looking for a great gym outside of downtown calgary.
Uprising isn't just a gym, it's a community of people that push you to be your best.
I highly recommend getting your fitness on at cfu.
Great gym i love it!
Stephen, the fitness director, is very friendly and clearly explained what i had to do to reach my fitness goal.
The personal trainers are amazing.
The environment is full of great motivation that makes me want to train harder and enjoy working out.
I been at this gym since they opened up.
I lost 100 pounds from coming to the  gym everyday.
Golds gym will help you with your weight lost.
The trainers are motivating and everyday is different.
This is the best gym option in surprise in my opinion.
I have yet to try any fitness classes, but want to start that soon.
Have i been to better gyms?
Have i ever been to other gyms in surprise?
This gym is so amazing!
The staff is so friendly and the gym is so clean!
The owners of the gym truly know what they are doing and are so friendly.
Previously i would have given the gym a 1 star review but i have seen an improvement in customer service.
Still needs to work on fixing cardio equipment and upgrading the gym overall.
The nicest group of people - trainers and members!
This is by far the least aggravating gym i've ever been a member of.
I've seen some new gyms that look more like a singles bar than a gym.
I hated that at pure fitness.
If you work out and your in the mountains edge are this is the gym to be at #dowork
The gym itself may not be as big as other gyms, but the classes are great.
From the receptionists to the trainers and even the members.
I cannot let slide the fact that you just charged me under a new corporate name called "fitness nv".
This is a serious gym for people trying to improve themselves.
Alpha 1 training is the best and quite frankly, there's nothing better!
Simply the best gym, coaching available!
If you are looking to really improve your strength and fitness, i highly recommend checking out bang fitness.
Their personal attention sets them apart from chain (and i'm sure many independent) gyms.
But it's a lot less than that $50 plus 4 personal training sessions per month.
It was a really nice gym with everything you needed.
One of the better 24 hour fitness clubs in vegas.
The gym is large and has more than enough mat space for both bjj and muay thai.
And when i asked, other members had no problems taking pics of me and coach shawn training.
If i lived here i know where i'd be training.
Upstairs is the women's gym and yoga studio.
The cardio movie theatre!!
La fitness is most definitely an improvement.
Overall, this is a good gym.
Not only have i lost weight as well as improved my ability and endurance-- i've gained back my confidence!
Jeff macwilliams is hands down one of the most helpful and friendliest trainers in the city.
I dropped in this gym (i know people refer to it as a box, but that sounds stupid!
Its a gym, this is america!!)
I chose this gym over another for 3 main reasons 1.
I cant say enough nice things about this gym, the staff and the members!
The gym is very clean.
My home gym is amazing and has a really cool industrial feel that i love.
This gym, i feel like if you sweat on the floor its cleaned up in about .02 seconds.
The gym uses all rogue weights and a local company for the rig (always support those in your community.
The front of the gym also has a retail area to get a shirt, shoes, protein.
Update: i am no longer going to this gym due to location change.
I have been going to 24 hour fitness and this gym, overlapping, for 6 months now.
I also like how there is a great amount of room around much of the machines and weights.
Music here is greatly varied compared to 24 hour fitness.
The trainers here are also great.
I have used trainers at both blast fitness and 24 hour fitness.
I must admit that i have enjoyed the workouts more at this gym.
Big oversight for a gym this size.
It's close to the cardio, but really far from the free weights.
Weight plates, and this may sound silly.
I much prefer the rounded and comfortable plates at 24 hour fitness.
The lower weights, 15 lbs and under, are smaller circles, instead of thinner.
I'm 65 years old and have been training under tomer steinburg for over 2 years.
Also he works with me 2 get more cardio.
I have watched tomer train all ages.
Honestly best gym i've ever been too by far.
And then... gsp walks in the door to train for the jonny hendricks fight.
Syndicate is a about as good as it gets in terms of an mma gym.
I've been to more than a few gyms, and often they are uninviting, click-ish, and full of "tough guys".
If your thinking about joining a gym of any sort, come here and give it a try.
The gym was awesome.
Have been coming to this gym for a year now.
Been to gyms all over the world, and this is one of my favorites, and it's still growing.
I love this gym.
I'm glad to change to this gym because it is a real gym.
The only bad about this gym is that there aren't any spinning classes.
Every machine can be used at any weight whether you lift 10 lbs.
It's a well run gym.
Love all the trainers and staff, they are very nice and encouraging.
I really like going to a clean gym.
They have some of the cleanest bathrooms i have ever seen at a gym.
I trained with mario up until sometime last year.
He is also a martial-arts trainer and is in great shape.
The location could be a little bigger to support small group and personal training sessions.
From trainers to dietitians, whether you're training for a fight or just trying to get ripped, this is the place.
Visiting from san diego and came here with my buddy to watch his muay thai training with master nope.
I've worked out at functional training studio with both brian and dustin and both are fantastic trainers.
His attention to detail and friendly nature makes the environment at the gym very conducive to achieving your goals.
Nice gym with new cardio equipment.
I'm so glad that i made the decision to come back to train with jeff now at smash iron !
Not as busy as some and people put the weights away
Thurston fitness is amazing!
The trainers are always so inviting and helpful.
All the trainers are passionate about what they do and it shows.
What can i say....great gym!
When i came here to train the few times...it was no different.
Good/hard training...fun/friendly/motivating coaches and staff...with the sense of pride of being part of an elite team/gym.
As far as neighborhood gyms go, this one fits the required specs.
Instructors are generally decent with some that are fantastic (better than i've experienced at other nationwide gym chains).
They started with low weight to help me "feel" my form and then built up from there.
Seriously love this gym!
It's 100x better than all the la fitness's i went to!
A full weight gym in the basement and a complete muay thai experience up top, what more can one want?
Best  fitness gym around, matt is a fantastic supportive coach.
Would recommend to anyone wanting something more no matter what level of fitness.
Best decision my wife and i have made was to join alpha 1 training and lifetime fitness!
You get all the amenities of lifetime fitness: pools, spa, sauna, child care, lifetime 24 hour gym access etc.
But you also get the coaching and programming of the best crossfit gym in the valley!
It's the cleanest, nicest, biggest gym i've been to, and it has the best atmosphere and best coaches and employees!
My wife had just had our 3rd child, and was wanting to get back into fitness and working out.
Basically, this is a gym where you can be you, as you work to get/stay fit!
Also, absolutely superb trainers/instructors and very fun challenges/contests throughout the year.
I was looking for a local gym and when i walked in the sales staff was personable and accommodating.
Also nice that they offer a free personal training session when you sign up.
This is by far my favourite goodlife location to come to for les mils dance cardio.
This will strengthen me and help me reach my fitness goals.
I recommend west toronto crossfit and all it's trainers to everyone i meet.
*****now on to the good parts about this gym!
I mainly train with gina for private sessions, who is absolutely fantastic and whom i consider a friend now.
I love this gym!
By far the best gym i have ever had a membership at!
People are extremely friendly, great workout environment, along with awesome personal trainers.
Some of the other locations have the trainers that are rude and try acting all rough.
I can gladly say that mountainside fitness is not one of those gyms.
Mf manages to cater to the mom on the go as well as the avid free-weight lifter.
The facilities area always clean, there are a sufficient number of cardio machines.
The staff is mostly friendly and knowledgeable although hard to find unless they are training someone.
Bobby, wes, kelly, and sarah offer an amazing experience - highly motivational group fitness with personalized training.
The family feeling you get in this gym is not comparable to any other gyms i have been.
Great for all levels of fitness!
This is my fourth golds gym.
Lots of free weights and has a lot of machines.
Free weight area is big and has 4 cable crossovers which is awesome.
All in all the gym is nice.
I have never felt so at home in a gym.
Every class feels like a personal training session.
They are so knowledgable about health and fitness, they can provide the perfect workout for any age or fitness level.
Cardio and strength training combined with excessive calories burned.
Truly a great gym.
No guilt trip, no upsell, no douchy sales pitch like the one people get at la fitness or 24 hour.
I'm sure i will come in and work out at this gym on my visits to scottsdale.
This really has been the best gym that i've been to in arizona.
Thanks for everything independence gym.
The gym offers a large selection of cardio equipment, weight machines, free weights, and group exercise classes.
But will really makes this gym special is its kids care facility.
Camelback crossfit is a world class functional fitness gym located in south scottsdale, or sosco, if you're that guy.
Coach matt is a tremendous fitness expert who provides quality instruction and training to all the members of the gym.
Coach matt is super encouraging, positive, and highly knowledgeable in all things fitness.
I can not recommend this gym highly enough.
Coach matt and cbcf can help you reach all your fitness goals.
Hands down the energy, layout of gym, accessibility, hours etc all make indy awesome!
Serious about fitness and training, check this place out!
I love this gym!
The biggest draw to this gym is the staff, led by owners beef and sara coble.
Crossfit, as a whole, preaches community; however some gyms feel more like a football locker room.
Just checked this gym out yesterday and was really impressed.
The "warm up" had my heart rate in the 160's and the strength training portion was challenging as well.
Good group of guys and the trainers were very helpful.
This is one of my favorite gyms to go to.
This is a really nice gym!
The third floor has a indoor track along with more cardio equipment.
The equipment on the gym floor seems to be clean and well maintained...i have yet to experience any issues.
The free weight area is nice, but i wish it were a little bigger.
This is a pretty popular gym, yet it doesn't seem to be too crowded whenever i go!
After finding a great deal on groupon we decided to join this gym.
Pretty nice gym that hopefully keeps up with good customer service.
All equipment like yoga mats, weights and exercise balls are provided.
One of the best group fitness gyms i have tried in a long time.
I recommend this gym to anyone one who is looking for a challenge.
I love the gym.
There are all ages and fitness levels in the classes and everyone gets a great workout every time.
Fitness: you can do 1-1s or small group workouts.
Are you new to fitness?
Space: the gym space itself is cool-- there are multiple room for different size groups and 1-1 sessions.
Staff: i also like the trainers, which is probably worth mentioning.
The good team is obviously a testament to good management and training.
Very clean equipment, great free weight are with an amazing variety of weights!
We get access to any la fitness anywhere in the us!
I went to look at several gym facilities to see how they would fit into my goals.
Overall, i'd definitely recommend this place for those who seek a more diverse gym experience.
1 less star due to the gyms popularity.
Each session takes into account key elements in crossfit including mobility work, strength training and endurance workouts.
Monthly challenges push the limits of fitness.
Beautiful facilities- all the amenities you could ever need, plenty of high-end cardio equipment, decent amount of parking, friendly staff.
I also really like total strength and cardio strength.
Temp-wise the gym is a little stuffy and gets really crowded.
No hassle membership sign up, gym is decent size, lots of machines but needs more workout benches.
This gym is awesome.
The xgt classes are a blast and challenging and a great compliment to go along with weights.
Go to this gym everyday and don't have any issue with it.
This is a good la fitness!
Great training by highly experienced former pro boxer.
I would recommend if your tired of the gym and want a change this is it .
My personal trainer is the best!!
I want to personal thank my favorite trainer!
Decent big box gym for a business traveler.
If you like big box gyms you will love la fitness.
But,  overall a decent facility with good free weights and a great db selection.
$15/day is pricey but about average for most gyms.
This is the newest facility to there many gyms in town so i love the fact everything is new.
There is a women-only weight room with free weights, which is good because i don't get intimidated by the hulks.
Now, this is the perfect gym for me.
It's like having a trainer and a nutritionist packed into one.
Tpt offers both one-on-one training and group session trainings, which are both top notch.
The facilities are up to date, clean and they opened a new location which focuses on icardio classes.
Since it's a private training gym, there is never a crowd.
The group of people who-work out at the gym are exceptional.
Seth has really worked at helping me change things around in and out of the gym.
Compared to other anytime fitness locations this place is huge, but compared to other big branded gyms it's tiny.
She's so much more than just a personal trainer.
This is a unique niche in recovery and training that is often overlooked.
Every session gives you complete, full-body, every-one-your-muscles workout and cardio.
It is intense but it works for everyone no matter what level of fitness you start at.
Its awesome that goodlife fitness gyms are open 24hrs with someone at the desk 24hrs.
And i had a great workout in the gym.
They just added frosted glass strip across the center of all of the group fitness room's windows.
I was kind of hesitant to join because of some bad experiences with gym memberships in the past.
I love the variety of the classes this gym offers.
Also, staff at the gym are really friendly.
The gym has been remodeled.
I do the stair climbers, use the bikes, run sometimes, and use the weight machines.
I train two days a week with giovan and two days a week with michael.
Very nice facility with knowledgeable trainers that care about their clients personal needs.
Great gym, great atmosphere, all the weights you can ask for and they allow chalk.
This is a good and inexpensive gym.
This is my new gym for as long as i plan to live in arizona.
After my la fitness fiasco, i decided that a local gym was more up my alley.
I turned to yelp, and found independence gym.
I came in, and this was the gym of my dreams.
An amazing selection of cardio equipment (stair climbers, treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, etc).
The free-weights are perfect.
Both the employees and members were racking their own weights.
If you are looking for a pussy gym, this isn't the place.
This is a gym, not a resort.
It's not lifetime, la fitness or 24 hour.
At la fit, they would say "free personal training session" and then hammer you with a sales pitch for training.
This is just a gym where you can work out.
And if you want a real trainer, not some idiot who passed an online test....you can hire one here.
Brian truly loves what he does and you see it in the results of the athletes that leave his gym.
Best functional fitness gym i have been a member of.
The layout is a basically a two story gym, as lvac is known for that format.
Once i was ready i proceeded upstairs to the gym floor and went to the cardio area.
Here like other typical lvac's are many types of cardio equipment facing a series of tv's for viewing.
The free weight plates are a little different rubber coating than the other lvac's which i felt was nicer.
Of course all the cardio equipment is new but i did see a few machines already out of order.
This is a no nonsense gym.
This is definitely a gym that i will return too when i'm back in town.
Extreme fitness has been bought out by goodlife fitness.
A gym is your dedication and spirit you make it what it is.
I've been a member at this gym for a year now and absolutely love it.
Having children and having them enjoy going to the gym with me is priceless.
Almost forgot - the cardio cinema - win!
They have a big room filled with various cardio equipment and every day they play a new video on repeat.
Great way to get a long session of cardio in.
Love the staff at cardio barre scottsdale.
The members are all supportive and encouraging to each other and i cannot imagine training anywhere else.
If you are considering joining a crossfit gym, i highly recommend crossfit north scottsdale.
Good gym, newer equipment.
The entire class, katie the trainer was encouraging and explained exactly what we were about to do several times.
Out of all the mma gyms i've scoped out, i like syndicate the best!
This is a basic 24 hour gym.
Also, i never see them clean or pick up weights or do anything.
The good 1)it has a pool, basketball court, group fitness, cardio, tvs, free weights and machines.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone interested in all that i've listed above!!
The environment is inspiring, the staff are friendly and the trainers make you enjoy getting your sweat on!!!
On the other hand, i've terminated my membership effective 8/30, and moving on to urban fitness, so there ya go.
The people, staff, and trainers are truly 1 of a kind!
Free weights, machines and platforms.
About 25 pieces of cardio, posing studio, and functional turf area.
Great strength training facility.
No nonsense style of gym.
Awesome gym, awesome trainers, awesome people!
The trainers help you with the exercises to help meet your fitness level.
Take it from someone who has struggled with weight most of her adult life.
The absolute cleanest full equipped crossfit box (gym) i have ever been.
I walk in it smells like a gym so i don't know what others say.
We have done quite a few different workout classes and i would say we are on a journey towards fitness.
It is rare that there is one gym that can provide so many different workout options.
I love the variety of cardio, yoga, and sculpting workouts to mix things up!
Highly recommend this gym!
If your worried about customer service get your own gym at home.
I go to the gym just about every day, and at different times.
Overall i'm basing my review on the gym, not the people i happen to encounter.
I get personal training twice a week with mac and he is absolutely amazing.
If you get personal training go with him!
Or just go with the gym in general.
I have a personal trainer, ana.
She's been with me since day 1 of me starting here at the gym.
Lots of class options as well as open gym time.
This is a crossfit gym that has all different levels of members from beginner to aspiring elite!
This gym is a great local spot.
I love this gym, it has a comfortable environment where i haven't felt judged for a solid 2 years.
Andy is an amazing person and an excellent trainer.
Best gym in vegas everyone should go here.
Dre is an excellent trainer.
Stoked to find this gym, and will return next time i am in town.
Been attending this gym for about a month now & i truly enjoy the experience !!
The gym is perfect for beginners and all around athletes .
This is an amazing gym!
Unlike most gyms this one is both clean and always has open machines.
This is by far my favorite gym i have been a part of.
A cinema room, personal training area, women's gym, open gym and a class room.
Yeah this gym is great.
But its a good gym for the price.
Had a great time at the gym today, my drop in experience was so awesome.
The weightlifting club was really awesome full of knowledge and positive input.
I recently joined the gym after years of being out of shape.
The gym itself is well maintained and very clean.
I highly recommend doing the personal training.
She is an amazing trainer and knows what she is doing.
My daughter came out to visit and train at syndicate 3 years ago.
World class gym, amazing teachers.
I love this gym so much, all the coach's are here to help!
The trainers and staff at the camp are top notch!
Jeff is genuine and the real deal in terms of his knowledge of personal training.
While wtcf may not be the most fancy looking gym, do not judge a book by its cover.
Trainers are always ready to help.
Still constantly working out at my new gym since it opened in may 2015.
Yes, guys stare and it's creepy, but that happens at all gyms.
Large gym, still wish they had more equipment, especially in the women's only area.
Have been going for almost a year and the gym gets four stars for location and staff.
Overall the place is hella well stocked, with ample free weights, as well as squat racks, and plenty of machines.
Dang, i'm jealous of this henderson 24 hour fitness.
This is a smaller gym that easily stacks up to the big corp gyms like lvac.
I pr almost every 2 weeks at something be it weightlifting, double unders, handstand pushups, hero wod, benchmark wods, etc.
This gym is two floors of if of new machine, floor to sailing windows extremely clean.
I had asked for a personal trainer consultation because i feel i have plateaued in my workouts.
I met with devon walker who is the personal trainer director.
From the front desk to the trainers on the floor.
Devon and other trainers say hi to members by their names(impressive).. great place to get fit!
Oh, and there is some comfort to know that a ex pro football player is training you.
"@the weight room, today.
Come by and join the gainz train will all of us... you'll love it!
I searched for the best fitness center in the ballantyne area and finally found it.
It is fitness connection.
Andy gives an amazing  fitness evaluation and a workout as part of your membership.
I learned more from him during my assessment  than i have from any trainer.
Met the owner andrada way before he even open his own gym/business.
I would recommend this gym to everyone who's been wanting to learn the art of muay thai!
Losing weight, toned, and get ripped!
The cardio barre classes are way too prancy/jazzercisey for me.
This is an a++ gym that offers 24 hour access.
If you haven't tried their training club led by becca, you need to.
The trainers and the folks that work out there are very kind and accepting of various fitness levels.
I have gone to pretty much every gym in toronto over the years and nothing comes close to this one.
This is not your typical lvac type of gym and that is a good thing.
Since joining a few months ago, i have watched my weight drop and my strength and endurance increase greatly.
Nice clean gym with good working equipment.
Have never had to wait for cardio equipment but limited selection of weight machines.
All in all this is a great gym.
I highly recommend independence gym to anyone who's interested a better body or just better health.
Thanx joe and staff for buying the gym!at the risk of repeating myself...
Has everything i need to achieve my fitness goals..the staff is awesome, very helpful and friendly.
I would recommend blast to anyone who wants a great gym at a great price.
Very rarely, if ever, do i have to wait for equipment/weights/machines.
I would like a little louder music or higher energy in the gym
From my personal experience: matt richards is the owner of beardown fitness.
All i can say is that he is an incredible coach/trainer!
Matt has a patient way of working with all fitness levels and yet motivating everyone simultaneously in a crossfit environment.
All of his clients sing his praises and truthfully since he left our gym so has everyone.
Great gym, suited for serious fitness enthusiasts.
Gym is kept clean and little to no waiting time for machines.
Highly recommend this gym!
I believe they have over 5000 lbs in weight, close to that im not sure.
Good crowd also no overbearing gym morons.
Whatever you're looking for in a gym, you can find here.
Oly lifting to prowler sleds to cardio machines, they're fully equipped for whatever you need.
The employees are friendly and helpful as well, which makes for a great gym experience.
It's the best gym in the valley.
I trained at this gym from 2010 to 2012 and really loved working out there.
Changed to another gym when my place of business moved and miss training at this gym.
My favorite gym to go to when visiting family from pittsburgh!
Best gym hands down that i've been to.. thank you mia and trevor for your patience and help with me.
Highly recommend this la fitness to anyone in the area.
My favorite gym ever closed about 3 years ago and chuckwalla is the next best thing, or even better.
This gym is exactly what i want in a crossfit gym.
The studio classes include yoga, cycle, strength training, etc.
I came in for my 5-day trial and loved every aspect of the gym.
For the price, i'm very happy with the gym and the additional amenities.
I have been putting going to the gym off for so long.
Barre classes incorporate, breathing, stretching, yoga, cardio and small weights.
You are not dealing with guys who opened a gym to cash in on the crossfit craze.
With a friendly family atmosphere and an amazing set of trainers braden and dallas make you feel invisible.
Feeling strong motivated and inspired to keep a healthy life style and a balance of fitness and nutrition.
While nothing fancy about this gym, the clients who work out here make it special.
This is truly a gym to work out in and not a see and be seen type of spot.
Troy has been my trainer for over a year.
Best gym i've ever been a part of.
The trainers are awesome and will tailor group workouts to your individual needs and  abilities.
They'll keep you accountable and will push you to help meet your fitness goals.
La fitness member from out of town.
5 stars for the quality of trainers at this gym.
I've been a member at other gyms in town and this one is easy to get in and get out.
Most classes are free and the teachers seem motivated in and out of the gym.
The trainers are willing to help if you need it.
The facility is huge and has everything you need from weights to pads.
Each one of the trainers brings a special touch to their workouts.
There are people of all fitness abilities and it still feels like one big family!
This is a great gym with reasonable membership prices, professional staff and wide array of equipment.
Catch a movie while working out in the cardio cinema, work out on ellipticals or relax in the heated sauna!
You can also work with a professional trainer or join one of the many exercise classes available throughout the week!
If you want a koosh experience this is not the gym for you.
It's a real gym and the cheaper membership price is great too.
Very convenient, updated equipment, and a cardio cinema.
I love this gym.
I have always been open to exploring new gyms.
This gym is very friendly and helpful!
This gym is very encouraging by their advertisements and employees!
I recommend this gym over eos.
I trained with john, by choice, for about 3 months.
He gives you the tools and the training to make the changes you want in your life.
It's not just about physical fitness, it's lifestyle fitness!
I train at crossfit 347.
There's a nice variety of group fitness classes available.
Plenty of machines for all you cardio junkies out there!
Oh, that weight room .
Like any typical gym, you'll see dudes doing curls on the squat rack and neglecting their legs.
My only regret is i waited this long to start training.
I love this all women's gym!
The wonders of a great knee brace, bromlein, and a few other natural inflammatory had me back into a gym.
In other words, it's not a social club, like other gyms.
Back in december, i signed up for the 14.99 special, and i'm enjoying this gym quite a bit.
For both of these plans, you still have visitation passes for their other golds gyms around the world.
But there are a bunch of televisions in the cardio area.
What got me to sign the dotted line for this gym was the cardio theater.
Good grief, i was forced to watch "twilight" one day, and even that made the cardio easier to do.
You can't beat the time slots for the free fitness classes.
There's a variety of fitness equipment everywhere you turn.
It would be nice if a small weight rack was upstairs.
Do gyms understand how nasty it is to repeatedly use a used, soaking wet towel to clean sweaty machines?
I walked in and asked where the cardio machines are.
There is basically a women's gym inside the locker room!
Holy crap, did i just die and go too gym-heaven?!
My daughter attends gymnastics and absolutely loves it.
There are several different fitness classes and times to choose from & the instructors are awesome!
Brand new gym which opened in august.
It's small enough to feel like a really community but big enough for all your fitness needs.
The fitness center downstairs is always super clean and well taken care of.
They also have a mind body studio, cycle studio, and cardio room.
Its a great gym, i definitely recommend.
Highly recommend smart gym!
I was tired of the "environment" at la fitness so i decided to give a smaller gym a try.
Independence is never overly packed, and you hardly ever have to wait to use any of the weights or machines.
The staff is always highly visible but never pressures you to buy any personal training sessions.
What a great gym!
My wife and i were traveling for thanksgiving and we're looking for a gym to do a drop-in.
The gym was beautiful, coaches were great and the wod was well thought out.
So, i'm a 24 hour fitness kinda guy and have been for say well, 6 years now.
Gracie barra charlotte was my first jui jitsu gym.
Even though, i no longer live in charlotte, i still am training jui jitsu and always will.
I like this gym, ive gone here for about 6 weeks since this location just openeded not to long ago.
A few problems: - little teenagers trying to show off, throwing their weights around and making funny noises.
- tons of cardio equipment.
I get a mixer of strength training and cardio without having to think about what's next.
Despite this, dowd is still the nicest gym i've attended.
Great gym, great coaches and a welcoming family environment.
I really like this gym.
Its not snooty or intimating like david barton gym and it has everything you need
I was in vegas recently and, through yelp, i found this gym.
I wish more gyms were like this: friendly, helpful and motivating.
For awhile, i was going every day since i was training for the tour the tucson.
I saw weight lifting equipment that was out of order fixed by the next day.
Now i'm as motivated as ever thank you veronica for training me!
I can't wait to train with her again!
I will be recommending all my friends to train with veronica!
Crossfit uru is an amazing gym.
The gym itself is really big!
Amazing gym, super friendly staff, great atmosphere.
I love the variety and the fact that it is cardio and strength in an hour.
Great workout, clean gym and friendly staff.
It's got cool equipment like (sand) medicine balls, trx bands, and the usual gym stuff.
But, they tell me that the new location will have a cardio room.
It had nothing to do with planet fitness or working out.
With the high turn over people that work at planet fitness that i noticed.
So i guess planet fitness knows her worth.
I typically work out 3-4 times a week (weights; spin; running).
The owner marcus niemo and other trainer are very knowledgeable about how to maximize workout efficiency.
There is also open access to the gym- which is nice.
Supreme is not your typical whiz-bang fancy gym, churning people through left and right.
Community is important, and it's a shared desire for fitness (regardless of body type) that brings people together.
The owners are more likely to invest in keeping equipment upgraded than buying every new fitness gadget on the market.
I like this gym.
It's not a total "bro-only" gym and it's not a boutique studio (only specializing in one thing).
Fit is a positive gym where the trainers work with clients to meet individual needs in group class settings.
Hands down one of the best gyms in lv.
If you're looking for something intense and a deviation from your typical weight lifting, boring workout, check this gym out!
It's not only an amazing with excellent trainers but the gym is decked out in sic graffiti.
I even passed on closer gyms nearby.
The reason why i choose the lvac over the other gyms is because they keep it  well maintain and clean.
This gym is very affordable, and try to get in on a promotion.
My home gym is in rochester, ny.
I love the layout of the gym the best.
Long time fitness 19 member.
Very good barebones gym, decent staff, close proximity to where i reside.
Just moved out here this year from la and i have always been a member of gold's gym.
But then i walk into edge and wow this gym is so nice, great equipment and always very clean.
I usually don't care about decor i am only there to train but this place also looks cool.
This is a really good, really clean all around gym.
Great gym, friendly environment, made me feel like i was part of a family.
It's like personal training in a group setting (and it also is cheaper than 1 on 1!).
Don't come with your hair all done up, wearing make up, wearing sunglasses- save that for those other gyms.
This is a place for all body types and all fitness levels.
Each round combines cardio, core and strength so you are ensured a total body workout.
The trainers challenge you along the way or they can modify if you have any injuries.
This is a very affordable way to get a very personalized workout that will meet all fitness goals!
So i decided to join a gym, not just any gym, i chose devoted fitness and strength!!
This is probably one of my favorite gyms i have been to in a while.
You could tell when a gym is ran well and tyler the gm is doing a great job.
The training staff is not pushy at all and willing to give you free advice.
The gym has open windows all around so it feels bigger than what it is.
They also provide a functional fitness class daily xgt, it definitely gets the heart rate up and the calories burning.
The trainers truly care and dr. satterlee and staff make you feel right at home...
I feel like it's a personal training session every time.
You will find personal training options without the desperate sales pitch.
Less of the psycho fitness addicts; more of the average jane or joe just trying to keep in shape.
Other gyms you have to fight for chairs.
They have a huge weight area.
I used to do padwork with him when i used to train.
This gym is easy to get to and you dont have to fight for parking.
The community at this gym is amazing.
If you are looking for a gym to make good friendships then this is a perfect gym!
I really like this gym.
I would recommend this gym to everyone!
Gym avec quipement complet et employs sympathiques.
Hiit life fitness is new but they do not disappoint.
The gym itself is super clean, modern, and sleek.
They have all the equipment you need to workout and make those fitness goals.
The other half of the gym are their hiit classes, which are run by their wonderful fitness instructors.
I strongly recommend hiit life fitness to become your new gym!
I have never done pilates before as i usually just lift weights or do insanity.
I love this gym!!!
Icardio is my favorite place for intense cardio based workouts!
Montana is the trainer i come see and she is absolutely fantastic.
The coaches are amazing and it's the best crossfit gym in surprise or anywhere else by far!
I booked flirty girl fitness for a bachlorette party this weekend and it was fantastic!!
I'm so glad that my tipsy self signed up for this because i'm like a gym addict now.
Even the other gym members are friendly.
I enjoy this gym and visit it 5-6 times a week.
2 - some of the equipment (in the training area especially) keeps getting moved.
I've been going to this gym since january and honestly i couldn't be happier.
Before joining, my friend and i took intro classes from a number of crossfit gyms in the area.
I can honestly say that this is the best gym that i've ever been a member of.
Although i have played sports my whole life and an avid gym-goer i was new to crossfit.
The facility is pretty nice and has all of the essentials of the crossfit gyms.
And i trained in boxing for 3 years and have tried various workouts along the way.
I also noticed that the monthly and yearly rates are very competitive to the other gyms that we checked out.
Finally a gym on this side of town with everything included and at a low price!
This is an amazing crossfit gym!
The place is kept clean and there are lots of class options and open gym times.
Might as well make it good"  it honestly took me awhile to jump on board getting a gym membership.
It was hard to find a gym in virginia with childcare at this price point.
I love the feel of this gym !
Oh, and the trainers?
The equipment is great, the gym is clean.
This not just a gym it is a community.
At 49 i wasn't getting the results i wanted going to a global gym 6 times a week.
I haven't gone back to my global gym since, and i never will.
I always see them cleaning the gym equipment, whipping them and picking up trash in the locker rooms.
My favorite thing about the bootcamp classes are the trainers.
I've been to a few cheesy gyms, with some cheesy trainers, and you won't find that at premier.
If you want some training from some real people who know what they are doing, give this place try.
Hands down the best la fitness in the cleveland area.
I've been a client of sommet fitness for 6 years now.
The trainers at sommet are concerned with more than just  a client's appearance; they are focused on overall functionality.
I wholeheartedly recommend sommet fitness and steve vicera.
This is a very large facility that offers a wide variety of fitness experiences.
It meets my needs and the needs of my family with its kid fitness options for ages 8 and up.
John was gracious enough to let me enjoy his gym for 16.3.
I had been going to another gym with a co worker fit 3 years.
The gym is great, nice and quiet, lots of weights, all the employees are always super nice.
Now let's talk about value which was a huge factor in joining this gym.
You can also choose a $9.95/month plan for just gym use.
That's where the other $10/month gym is better.
By far best gym hands down.
I feel like i'm training to be a navy seal.
Definitely has my vote on number 1 gym, and i've been to em all.
Love this snap fitness!
No complaints here, it's very similar to anytime fitness on woodbine/16th except larger.
I like the machines here, they're maintained very well and they have stuff that a lot of gyms don't have!
Favourite form of cardio for sure.
High intensity interval training - check!
Love this gym, if i lived closer, i'd be at this location all the time.
I don't mind venturing out of my way for this gym though.
However .. people here need to learn to rereack their weights.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
Awesome gym thank you cris for treating my friends great..
I love this gym!!!!!
This gym is everything i could ask for and more!
In all my experiences in being a gym member this is my number one choice.
I have never felt uncomfortable at this gym.
-their training programs are fantastic for anyone looking to push themselves a little further or just need the extra help.
Not only was my trainer extremely nice, i felt like he was really knowledgeable about the exercises and nutritional aspect.
Overall, this is the gym the be at.
Medavia bjj is a great place to train.
All age groups can train without worrying about keeping up or getting left behind.
This is by far the best gym i have ever been to in toronto.
Sommet fitness staff is top notch!
Steve vicera is not only a phenomenal fitness coach but a true leader in his industry.
If you need to lose weight,  you should really check this place out!!!
We are getting stronger with each class and our cardio endurance has drastically improved over the past few months.
It's refreshing to find a gym/studio where no one judges you.
All shapes, sizes, ages, and fitness levels are welcome.
I am a new planet fitness member and i am already loving my experience.
I see myself achieving and maintaining my weight loss goals here this year.
The fitness training class schedule is also convenient to any schedule.
Looking for a fitness solution in the surprise, az area?
The facility itself was huge (what gym has a built in salon and spa?!)
I love this gym!
I was searching for a gym in the area and this was by far the best.
Orange shoe gym is as good as it gets.
The trainers are fabulous.
Crossfit culmination is an amazing gym.
Chris the trainer is very knowledgeable and keeps the workouts fun and challenging.
Best crossfit gym i've ever been to!
The problem is that i pretty much hate gyms.
I've been to many, many gyms in different cities and even different countries.
I'm a gym fanatic, i guess.
I love it here and i'm super happy with this gym!
Each visit, i see gym goers of all ages strutting their stuff and pushing their limits.
Vanity gym bunnies: check your egos at the door.
They'll let you know if you can perform that set with a heavier weight.
If you're serious about making some gains in your physical fitness, check these guys out!
For a local gym fitness 19 is as good as it gets.
Following his method of weight training and customized meal plans my strength and endurance have increased tenfold.
Just joined af- first time fitness club member & am very happy i did.
Don't know what the problem is, staff was great, gym was clean, i get a great workout in, no problems.
I guess some folks want the staff to lift the weights too.
Also, they had this $10 monthly special so it's super cheap compared to other gyms in the area.
It's not like a regular gym where no one notices if you aren't there.
It doesn't smell like a gym.
This is my go-to gym.
That lvac has two pools in each gym, a class pool and a lap pool, is a great benefit.
Ladies gym: this is such a great place for women of all sizes and abilities to workout.
For cardio, there are treadmills, stairmasters, ellipticals, and stationary bikes.
For strength, there are free weights, bars, and a variety of muscle-specific machines.
The cleaning staff in the women's gym and ladies locker room are always very conscientious.
Plenty of machines so you don't have to wait on anyone else, though they could use more hand weights.
It's a no-frills gym.
The staff has always been nice and will say hello, and from what i've seen their personal trainers are excellent.
It's more then just an exercise class, there are many resources that help me reach and maintain my fitness goals.
This goodlife fitness is probably one of the better ones in the area.
The free weights floor is crowded with juiced up dudes working arms and shoulders like it's their job.
Oh, and this gym has a smoothie bar with $5 smoothies if you're into that too.
It is by far the most attentive, boutique-like gym i've ever been to.
Everything from muay thai, traditional boxing, kettlebells, spinning, yoga, circuit training, etc, all taught by experts in those sports.
Review is for one of the trainers ryan johnson (surge strength).
Have trained with him for about a month.
He doesn't d*** around and start talking to his buddies in the gym during your reps.
The training is intense and tiring.
The gym staff seem pretty cool too.
Most of the people who work out in this gym are pretty advanced so it pushes you to get better.
Love this place, much better than la fitness where i used to go.
I did run into one lady that was real nasty but that's not the gyms fault.
I'm so happy with la fitness in comparison to other gyms.
So, i appreciate not getting harrassed by the gym about my attire.
I love the people here and wish i could still be training.
Equipment is always clean and you rarely spot the beefcake 3000's who like to toss weights around.
Trained with rob & jordan @ deezel for a month and glad i did, made huge changes!
This gym is by and far the best gym i have ever worked out in.
20/20/20, kickboxing, circuit training, pilates, and yoga are just some of their many classes.
I want to specifically comment on my wonderful fitness assessment with devon at gold's gym on stephanie!
The price is great for the personal training sessions.
The trainers are amazing and they really do care about your overall health.
I honestly do not have anything bad to say about this gym and that's a first for me.
Real result fitness was founded in the year 2011 in the place of downtown las vegas.
The environment of the gym center is very friendly and transformed with the motivation for the coming people.
I wish i had his gym in long beach, ca.
I just started doing crossfit and as a beginner i was really intimidated to come to a crossfit gym.
Everyone at this gym was extremely friendly and cheered me on throughout my crossfit 101 program.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who is looking to improve their fitness.
I love this gym!
Group fitness classes that are free with excellent instructors.
Spacious group fitness room.
He goes all out to get the people he trains where they want to be.
This is a smaller gym, but it's a good thing.
You'll get the one-on-one that you won't get at the bigger gyms.
I just joined this gym 10 days ago with my 2.5 yr old daughter and i absolutely love this place.
The trainers are knowledge and fit with some humor  mixed in, good combinations.
The gym is randomly in this little office-complex like place, in the south-east corner.
My fitness level has improved dramatically -strenghth, endurance, flexibility, etc.
Many crossfit gyms are brand new and have very inexperienced coaches.
You must be very cafeful in which gym you select.
I know many members and we actually talk to each other- something you will not see at the globo gym.
Really nice community gym that's literally 5 minutes away from home.
Coming from work or riding my motorcycle here, i bring my gym clothes separately.
Overall, a great gym that's close to home with all the equipment you'll need.
This is my gym.
The owners and trainers are really cool and motivated and the clients dedicated and driven.
The gym has a communal feel that's inspiring.
The owners, trainers and clients of real results are not the type to make excuses.
And you have no excuse not to check out the best new gym in vegas.
Great trainers who are always supportive.
Great family friendly gym.
I had specific goals when i joined the gym and couldn't wait to get started.
I am happy that i signed up for training with him.
It's the perfect gym for those who don't need to spend the money on the trendy gyms.
This gym is small at times but it has a friendly neighborhood feel to it.
I was very much surprised to find that otf delivered on workout intensity and training.
I'm obsessed with gold's gym.
They have the best group fitness classes with super motivating instructors.
I'll never go back to a regular gym because it is boring and i was never pushed.
The best gym in vegas hands down.
Please go and give this gym a shot.
It's locally owned, not a chain, and the trainers and owners care about you and your goals.
The gym is beautiful, space is clean, and the classes are phenomenal.
Coming from 24 hour fitness, this place is everything i wish a lot of those gyms were.
Three full stories, each with a weight room.
Tvs on the cardio machines.
New free weights in the weight room, modern machines.
By far the best planet fitness i have visited.
It's a good gym but it's too quiet for me.
I've belonged to big chain gyms, community centres, and frequented small yoga and pilates studios.
I do their semi-private training, which is not at all what i thought it would be when i signed up.
There's never more than four people with a trainer at any one time, so you always get enough attention.
When have you every heard of a gym doing that?
And it is a lot more expensive than joining a commercial gym.
Bang fitness is the best!
You will make nothing but progress within your fitness goals.
I am so happy to be part of this community and stoked about my fitness results.
The trainers really care about you and your well being.
Amazing people at this gym.
One of the top gyms in the scottsdale/old town area!
Huge variety of weights and machines.
If you are serious about your workout and training, i recommend joining independence!
It's got everything a gym should have: free weights, diverse machines, cardio equipment, core training accessories, trx station, and more.
I'll never give a gym 5 stars if they only have one squat rack.
I gotta say this gym is always packed and sometimes it gets frustrating to workout.
I go to gyms all over the country, and this is now one of my favorites.
Love their spin classes & the cardio theatre.
I thought about switching to a local gym for cheaper and it's closer, but honestly this place makes me stay!!!
Totum is not a mega-gym.
You won't find rows of machines or free weights.
However, i did find everything i needed for my workouts (weights and cardio).
There are sufficient free weights, two squat racks, a bench, pull-up machine, etc.
Totum definitely avoids some of the pitfalls of larger public gyms.
As 24 hour fitness gyms go, this one is one of the nicer locations.
Crossfit culmination is the place to go to for your fitness needs.
Here are the pros and cons about wynn fitness located at keele and wilson.
Loool  - they got all the machines, squat racks and free weights you can ever ask for.
(haven't seen anything like that at other gyms)  - change room has a mid class vibe and is really satisfying.
- free wi-fi connection, other gyms need to step their game up especially if they are charging $50+ a month.
----------------------------------- in conclusion, i give this gym (keele & wilson) a 4.5 out of 5.
Regardless, i really recommend this gym to everyone.
Always clean, weights are always put back, and the place has everything.
My usual gym does not offer a great variety of classes.
), fitness area, tv room, etc.
The trainers don't harass you too much to join their programs.
I purchased personal training at the start of my membership and found it very helpful.
The training options were affordable enough for a full-time student working part-time!
The best trainer i found at the gym is roy.
He really takes the time to understand your goals both in and out of the gym.
He is genuinely involved in your progress as a training client and as a person.
Love the outdoor cross training rig!
Plenty of cardio equipment everything is brand new!
Highly advise checking out this gym if you live in las vegas or even if you are just visiting!
This is where i get my gym on.
I use the weights every time and i almost never have to wait.
I've recently tried some of the classes that the trainer's offer.
The gym: drop in fee was $15 per class/$25 including t-shirt, standard across the cf drop in board.
Best gym in town by far and i've tried a few!
I was a group fitness instructor for 17 years and became burnt out wanting to try something new.
I love griselda as my new personal trainer.
I love this gym.
Three big rooms of machines and weight equipment.
Nice variety for cardio.
I hate cardio but would actually want to do it here!
Third floor- suspended running track, more cardio options and the cardio movie theater room!
This will be my go to gym anytime i visit here!
This gym is only adds minutes away from my house.
From april 2014-present (yep, i'm still a faithful client with new fitness goals) i have watched my body transform!
I never expected anything less because i knew i was training with the best!
Iv been to a lot of gyms and this is one is one of the best.
The gym is always very clean.
Unlike lafitness which is overcrowded, poor management and very dirty.
Mountainside fitness has a good diverse crowd and is family oriented.
I wasn't a fan of this gym when i first stepped foot in here a couple of years ago.
I had a quick workout back then and a lot of the machines, including cardio, were down.
When it comes to me reviewing a gym, i look at cleanliness, equipment, and ambiance.
Here are my thoughts so far;  cardio:  located upstairs and plenty of it.
Even better, this gym has a cardio theater, which can be perfect for low intensity steady state cardio.
Machines:  a mix of life fitness machines and hammer strength.
I'm not the biggest fan of life fitness equipment.
Free-weights:  enough benches, power racks, and weights.
A great addition to their free-weights is their squat bar, corner rows, and even a deadlift/shrug contraption.
My only issue with their free weights is their lack of dumbbells between 10 lbs and 35 lbs.
Either these lbs are nonexistent or they're lying around somewhere in the gym.
The gym is also clean and this time around, their equipment is all in great working order.
Ps:  like all other gyms, this one gets busy.
Uprising has helped me make fitness a priority for the first time in my life!
I've brought several friends at various fitness levels to uprising and everyone falls in love.
I'm so grateful that i found a welcoming community and a fitness home!
I come to ds fitness studio on sundays and mondays for their cross training classes and they are amazing!
If you are not ready for hiit training....they have zumba there as well.
It is not fancy so if you want a luxury gym this isn't it.
But if you're looking for cheap + gym + 24 hours + classes = this is the spot
Overall gym was amazing and staff was helpful!!
The fitness trainers are very friendly and helpful and will remember your name after one or two visits.
Eric and the other instructors are great with the kids and the training is awesome.
As a person who hates gyms, i think it speaks volumes that i love going to fit republic.
This is also the only fitness center i would recommend to anyone.
Filled with weights galore and good equipment all around.
The classes are why i like this gym so much.
Also, there's large number of attractive gym-goers here (who doesn't like a little eye candy while workin out...)
This gym is for getting in, working out, and getting out, and nothing more.
Raw fitness is the best bootcamp program i have ever been a part of.
The trainers are very motivating and knowledgeable.
I love this gym!
My wife and i joined the gym in january and we love it there.
Their newest addition is the food bar at the front of the gym.
I was tired of my regular gym and cardio routine and wanted to try something new.
Finally a good gym by my parent's house that i can raid on vacation.
I really like this gym.
Absolutely love this gym!
I love training with griselda vega!
She really listens to what i need from her as a trainer, pushes me to do more and motivates me.
Time always goes by really fast when i train with her!
My girls are loving their gymnastics... 1 in recreational and 1 on team.
This hits everything (pun intended) from cardio, to core work, to agility and flexibility.
I suggest everyone try the gym once!
I would recommend this gym now, unlike i would have this time last year.
It can get busy, but have gym courtesy and you will be fine any time of the day.
This is a great gym, depending on what you're looking for.
So hopefully they will add more classes for those of us that can't go to the gym during the day.
Their sales team/personal trainers - they're just like any other sales people (car salesman, insurance sales, etc).
When i first started looking at gyms, the sales rep i talked to was very responsive to emails and helpful.
And they shove the personal training option down your throat.
And if you're into the personal training option even better.
I'm sure you'll have a much better experience with them and i'm sure they'd be great for training.
I found this gym on instagram.
Clean nice gym, easy to find.
You get the benefit of a gym and a trainer in each session.
Great place to reach your fitness goals.
Small class sizes and reasonable prices set it apart from other crossfit gyms in the area.
The losee location of golds gym is amazing.
Fitness classes such as zumba and mma are available to your disposal.
Great standard gym in the beltline area.
I've never been much of a gym goer but decided to give eos a shot shortly after moving to vegas.
I have been training with conroy for about 2 months now and have already seen results.
Because of him i can now comfortably walk into the gym alone and not feel completely lost.
He's taught me everything i need to know about the gym and nutrition.. and manages to make working out fun.
I literally could walk to this location and start off my cardio.
After all the initial membership orientation, they brought up personal training.
My first choice pt trainer had to leave for family and there was no one else to replace her.
:)" - did so, showed up, met her, and ever so grateful that she ended up as my trainer!!
She talks to us and relates to anything we have to say or do outside our gym life.
This gym, pool and tennis facility is kept up well.
The gyms are huge
This is my regular lvac gym!
Highly recommend this gym.
Basic gym membership is $20 a month (usually for a 2 year contract) which includes classes, pool, and sauna.
This gym is supreme.
I am a personal trainer and male model, and i always must keep fit.
Therefore, i am non stop in the gym, and i like a gym that is super comfortable and high quality.
This place has everything and then some, absolutely kills the competition of goodlife and the other chain gyms.
Clean, nice gym with a lot of equipment to use.
He got me started with one of the best trainer's i have yet to work with.
Best priced gym i have ever used.
Huge gym with tons of equipment.
No gym is perfect.
This is the best gym in america!"
The warrior fitness center on nellis afb is an incredible venue.
If you're eligible to use the base, then this gym is for you.
This has got to be one of the best gyms on a military base....ever!
The group fitness instructors are all great, the cardio room is always clean.
This gym never fills up to the point you have to wait in cardio machines.
Yesterday my friend wanted to try out mountainside gym with me.
She downloaded a free five day pass and we headed to the gym.
We were expecting the usual hassle that she had to meet with a trainer and be walked around.
This gym is a fabulous place to work out at.
Gym was so empty.
I definitely recommend working out at this gym.
This gym is great.
The thing i like about this gym it's not crowded like how other gyms are.
Have been doing the one-on-one training for about 3 months now.
I never feel judged in the gym and the trainers are very helpful.
Everything's sparkling clean, no judgmental atmosphere, it's actually a pretty cool gym.
The main gym isn't completely constructed yet.
There are reduced rates for early commitments and there is a micro-gym to work out in in the meantime.
Very nice and extremely clean gym.
Here, you're paying for a gym that is clean, impeccably well-maintained, and never insanely crowded even during peak times.
It's easy to want to come to this gym and that feeling, to me, is worth the higher price.
Half an hour is treadmill and half an hour is stationary rowing/weights.
Best boxing gym in town!
I have been training with joe since the beginning of 2016.
I was surprised when i first started that what looks like poses and small movements can be so cardiovascularly challenging.
I used to belong to another gym but joined fitworks because of the class selection.
I like this gym,tons of equipment.
Open all the time.my trainer was great.i splurged for the vip private locker room...swanky.
This is a great gym where it almost feels like home.
Training is very affordable and i have had outstanding success with my trainer, nicholas hunter.
Oh and the nutrition store inside the gym has great smoothies and friendly, knowledgable staff.
The gym was spotless.
It's really great; if i still lived in charlotte, this would be my gym of choice.
I've been to many, many gyms and this is by far my favorite one ever.
My fabulous trainer that beats any i've ever had, ryan, knows his stuff.
I've worked out with trainers who pushed me and hurt me, but ryan never has.
He's probably the most knowledgeable trainer i've ever had.
He's also goofy and fun to train with.
This gym is above-par and i don't want to ever move because i love it so much!
What really blew me away was a new trainer there named rachel miller.
I was offered a small, but free to new members, group personal training class.
I'm super spoiled coming from canyon ranch and really hoping all the trainers and instructors are as impressive as her.
Looking forward to continuing my fitness and relaxation at camelback village.
Overall this is a pretty great la fitness.
When i entered i was greeted by very polite and helpful staff which is uncharacteristic of la fitness gyms.
The gym is broken up into 3 levels.
Second floor is cardio, weights and personal training.
Third floor is the circular track and a few extra cardio units.
They do have a lot of great stuff in the personal training/stretching area.
I really enjoy this gym.
Little gym with little prices.
I've been going to top gun fitness to do their boot camps for about two months.
Every time she teaches i realize what a phenomenal instructor/trainer she is.
Awesome gym coaching and programming.
I would highly recommend this gym.
I first started training at mint body beginning of the year.
Highly recommend mint body and their staff for your fitness journey!
She is now in gymnastics and the coaches are amazing.
I do wish they had other times for open gym.
I absolutely love this planet fitness!
I met with a personal trainer and he has made a plan that will work just for me.
I've done yoga, pilates, personal training, biking and running.
All of trainers are amazing!
The club is cleaner and all of the trainers have stepped everything up a notch with the workout.
I regularly train with gabe, jamin, solomon, todd, tyler and matthew.
This gym has definitely changed my life and i will always have it as my core workout.
Just 2wks in training with angela and i'm already noticing weight change and definition!
Haven't set foot in a gym over 7yrs and i'm in love with the training!
It's hard sometimes to go to the gym, but this place makes it easy.
The village has everything you could possibly desire in a gym.
The trainers are so knowledgeable and the group fitness class instructors are incredible.
This gym never disappoints.
All the trainers - jordan, justin, dylan, bre are really good and motivate everyone equally throughout the class.
I like to get my butt kicked at the gym and this is the place to do it.
As a result, i typically have struggled through memberships at mainstream gyms and self-training with functional movements there.
I saw this gym opening and had to give it a try.
I can't be happier with the facility, location, and especially the owner/trainer, wade.
He is passionate about hiit (high intensity interval training), healthy living, and the well-being of his members.
Dont try another gym.
He trained me for about 1 year before i moved.
The gym is clean, everyone is very friendly including the clients.
I highly recommend the individual or group training.
If i lived in phoenix i would still be training here.
Not disempowering la fitness, mountainside fitness is totally another experience.
You can tell is an upscale fitness center that charges you more than other gyms but also gives you more.
I haven't tried the personal training but i'm sure i won't get disappointed.
I was traveling and stopped in here based on some recommendations from other guys i train with.
Super welcoming atmosphere, and great training.
Great gym, great management.
Highly recommend this gym to anyone with any fitness goal
What more could you ask for in a gym?
I've been going to this gym for about a year now and i really like it!
I'll comment on gym and child care since i have yet to do any classes.
I usually only use free weights/machines and cardio during my workout time.
The weight area can be a bit crowded but it doesn't hinder me being able to complete my workout.
All in all a good gym that still seems to be working towards improving with new equipment!
They truly care about their athletes the facility is more than accommodating with viewing from all angles of the gym.
Lots of tvs lined up with a big variety of channels (not just the basic ones like most gyms).
Haven't taken advantage of the training classes yet but i will be!
I feel so at home here and actually look forward to going to the gym for once!
If you are a powerlifter and you aren't at lifting at a powerlifting gym, you're doing yourself a huge disservice.
This gym is great, everyone that works out here is super nice and helpful.
They have everything you need and the owners are constantly trying to improve upon an already great gym.
I'm proud to be a member of such a great gym.
The instructors for the classes are top notch, my kids love coming to roll and look forward to training now.
I went to this gym while on vacation in the west phoenix area.
It was great walking into a real gym.
The gym used steel weights that clanked.
Several people at the gym were very helpful.
Myron was also motivational and represents the gym well.
If you are a beginner or a pro, this is a great gym to motivate you to make improvements.
Good gym, very big and clean, with machines for almost everything possible and free classes.
But over all a good gym with multiple locations.
Crossfit kaiju is a great gym with great instructors.
If ur serious about meeting ur fitness goals otf is the only place that will help u reach them.
Amazing studio with friendly staff and kick ass trainers.
I absolutely love this gym.
!, rubber weights in power lifting area, etc.
Best gym in the valley by far.
I cannot tell you how happy i am that i found this gym!
I love the personal attention i receive even with group fitness classes.
I highly recommend fitness battalion!
I love this gym!!
I love this gym, have no complaints whatsoever, and highly recommend!
Love the supportive atmosphere and intense training.
Basic gym, not a lot of frills, priced accordingly.
All the people i train with put you through the paces.
This is the first gym i have ever joined and it is great.
I have never heard of a gym that would that.
The gym is open 24/7 and is not crowded, all of the equipment is brand new and is well maintained.
I'm new to fitness and i'm so glad i have chosen this gym!
I was very shy and embarrassed to start training, because i thought everyone will laugh at me.
But today i had training with chris, and i feel so empowered and much more confident, than before.
Though gym is not very big, that's even better.
I love this gym i am a bit younger then the folks i see here but i love it.
The staff is wonderful from kids world to cleaning staff to front desk to sales rep nick to the trainers!
People actually come here to workout not get ready and walk around the gym.
I think the open gym is over priced...$7 a kid.
Simply the best gym in las vegas if you're looking for a family friendly resort style feel.
This fitness center is great for anyone who works out at the gym at least 5 days a week.
It's a little expensive if you're not into serious training.
I am currently finishing the 6 week fitness challenge with shannon and cynthia.
I know that there is another 6 week fitness challenge being held in november.
I am not a runner... or much of a gym go-er for that matter.
"it's like, arms and cardio," says margaret cho.
If you want to make a life long change for the better, raw fitness is the place to go.
It's like having your own personal trainer and nutritionist.
The best gym ever!
Urban garage is a great gym to go to for personal training and personal service.
I first started training there about 3 years ago.
I worked with mitch and did a competition about 4 months after starting to train with mitch.
For a personal experience and not be waiting in line in a crowded gym it is great place to go.
I wish i lived here and could make this my home gym.
Training with sim go is a must go in the vegas area!!
I'm a flight attendant who also trains at ralph gracie sf with kurt osiander.
I happened to have a layover in vegas and was deciding on what bjj gyms to check out.
Plus, i was scared of potentially being hurt from previous experience training at other gyms.
But sim, himself reassured me in the email that his gym is a safe environment.
I felt learned a lot and it was an honor to get the opportunity to train there.
The answer: gold's gym  and ladies they are quiet, & lifting heavy things.
Whoever created gold's gym is a genius!!
It is two stories, cardio machines upstairs, and weights downstairs.
I won't even tell you how much weight i've lost since i became a member!!
Staff & atmosphere: have you ever opened the door to a gym and been slapped in the face by funk?
This gym has the absolute best zumba class in town!
The rest of the gym is clean and serviceable.
Some of the cycling instructors are superb (corey, john t, and christian); others are in desperate need of updated training.
But all in all, for this price point, this gym can't be beat!
The fitness facility in the caesars palace complex is incredible.
It has multifaceted weight training and cardio equipment.
They do provide water and towels so you only need to bring your running shoes, weight lifting gloves and motivation!
She went around the fitness center to try and locate my watch that was missing for almost 24 hours.
The gym itself is being cleaned often while i'm there.
End every gym session with a few minutes to reset and relax before clocking back in as mom of 2!
Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.
Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.
Tiffany is an amazing trainer.
And the trainers and people there- that is where i wish there were more stars.
Beautiful gym and friendly, helpful staff.
I am happy with this gym.
Overall, this gym is the best for size, value and cleanliness.
Atleast this gym is big enough to hold the people!
First time working out after being away from the gym for awhile and loved every minute of it.
From cardio queens to meat heads this place suits everyone.
As a dance teacher and gym girl, i needed something else to change up my workouts.
Very helpful staff got me set up with my membership and personal trainer!
My trainer is really helpful/motivating and i feel i am making progress.
Cinema is cool, the equipment and locker room are in better shape than my previous gym.
I highly recommend the club sport as a gym and also to host special events.
Love working here, contact me for personal training at the dec location!
*named best kick@$$ trainer in the queen city for 2016*
It was new gym back then.
Old gold gym and still has all the weights i need.
I have been a follower of enrique for 5 years, the best cardio dancer ever.
I love that each class has a completely different workout, and it's a nice blend of strength training and cardio.
One of the best gyms i've been to in a long time!
I was looking for a cycling class since my current gym (youfit) does not have them.
I found this gym and read all the great reviews so i took a chance.
Overall, i will continue to go to this gym.
I do the workouts at my fitness level and never feel intimidated by others who are more advanced.
My daughter calls orangetheory fitness her "happy place" and i totally agree!
La fitness has the worst costumer service at front desk, that's why i choose this gym.
5 stars planet fitness!
Thank you for helping me lose some weight!
I started coming to my fitness studio when my trainer relocated from a large gym in mesa.
I love the smaller setting of this gym.
Fun and fitness never looked so good!
If you live anywhere around yonge and bloor, this gym is a good choice.
In case you need a personal trainer, alex is great.
Fun place to workout, the trainers motivate you to keep going and is so addicting
Love this new gym !
I loved everything about this gym initially, except for the televisions connected to the cardio equipment.
Just signed up and had a free training session with christian.
Excited to continue my training at eos!
I'm not sure why i've never written a review for this gym before!
It's one of the best gyms ever!
I highly recommend this gym, and hope you decide to check it out.
I walked in with a goal and golds gym is going to help me every step of the way.
A special thanks to stephon for helping me with the gym tour and answering all my questions.
I'm ready for this big journey with gold's gym.
I went to this gym today trying to decide where i want to get a membership.
This gym has provided me with the best experience i've ever had in the world of fitness.
The trainers are attentive and innovative.
My fitness level is constantly being evaluated and the training program evolving with me as i do.
The main weight area felt a little intimidating, and people wanted to socialize instead of working out.
Overall a nice gym, but would consider other places  before rejoining based on the experience i had cancelling my membership.
How cool is it that i go to the same gym as nicolas cage and coco!
I finally got around to scheduling my fitness test and the old lady was really rude and condescending.
I stopped by cobra kai during a work trip to las vegas to get some training in.
I had a great roll with the members and the training was top notch.
This gym is pretty much friends helping friends and great coaches, no gimmicks, games or clicks.
Incredible gym with lots of amenities.
They also have an awesome cardio based class- empower (amazing).
Aside from that, gym is nice and clean.
Would recommend if looking for a gym in the area.
I love this gym!
It's clean, tons of great classes, plenty of parking, spacious, i like the vibe in the cardio area upstairs.
Having this gym right up the street has been such a helpful part of my transition to vegas!
Without a doubt best gym in the city, possibly state, if you have the privilege to see it.
This is undoubtedly the best gym i've ever been to.
This gym is reserved only for the best.
My husband and i go to this gym for $20 a month total, which is a great deal!!
Tiffany n. provided optimal training that produced great results for me.
I trained here for quite a while and i loved my trainer.
Some of the trainers switch up pretty fast.
A lot of the time is spent jump roping, stretching, doing a little bit of weights and then some boxing.
However, if you are looking to lose weight then i understand the time ratio they have.
All the trainers are so great at this location and i highly recommend them!
This gym is great.
They are open 24 hours and offer personal training by eileen jones.
By the way they always are consistently more busy then la fitness because it's a much better deal:)
As an ambassador for lululemon, i've had the chance to test run many fitness classes, studios and gyms.
Uplevel your fitness at uprising...it's awesome!
Great people, concerned about each person as an individual and knowledgeable about fitness.
I have been to several gyms in the valley and this is top for being clean.
The gym equipment is nice.
Especially since there is so many gyms in the area.
This gym is something special.
I would recommend this gym to anyone!
This gym is always clean.
Kick-butt workout and amazing trainers!
I love walking into a gym with trainers who are focused on helping others improve and excel in their workouts.
Lots of cardio machines - even on a weekday evening i've never had to wait for an elliptical.
Excellent fully equiped fitness facility!
I love griselda as my new personal trainer.
I really love this gym!
I even see them cleaning around the gym when i am there.
The classes are great with lots of formats to choose from and my trainer, emily, is top notch.
I would highly recommend this gym!
John, craig and nick have made me feel comfortable and push me to a limit within my level of fitness.
They are attentive and conscientious, aware of my fitness goals and offer motivation and support.
I highly recommend fit life for anyone seeking fitness training!
I left and now i am back after spending some time at la fitness.
I never felt that at other gyms.
This was my gym home when i moved to vegas in 2005 and lived in the southwest.
This is an active gym so no frills of the sports or super sports.
Just classes, cardio equipment and weights.
The cardio equipment is also older so don't expect a personal tv to be attached.
Overall, the gym is clean, staff is friendly and i didn't notice any out of order signs
I loved this gym.
What i loved the most about it was it was a small 24 hour gym.
If you're looking for a small gym this is the place
They have a lot of cardio equipment such as treadmills, elliptical and cycling machines.
Lots of options for weight lifting.
Irongloves is the best boxing gym in the valley!
I've trained with joe for years and i recommend him to everyone i know.
Irongloves is a clean, old school boxing gym.
The energy inside this gym is amazing.
Every year the trainers and other employees at fitness 19 in henderson are very welcoming.
But whether or not i have a trainer, i am always treated like a longtime member here.
This gym is clean and has a wide choice of machines and weights to use.
Overall, i am so imperessed by this gym, feeling like i am at my gym at home.
Try this gym, you won't be disappointed.
Jon, the owner, mindfully designs each class and has found the perfect balance between group fitness and personal training.
Uprising's concepts: fury, mayhem, and revolution provide great variation between boxing, plyometrics, and strength training.
Fury (boxing/rope) often includes the use of weighted jump ropes.
Revolution (strength/rope) is an intentional circuit of weight training- targeting specific muscle groups.
These three classes rotate throughout the week and allow each person to create a training program for themselves.
I cannot speak more highly of him as a trainer and business owner in our community.
Best gym to go to.
One of the best gyms (fitness centers) i've worked out at in a very long time.
They have a cardio movie theater, pretty cool.
My fianc and i have been training with tiffany hakes for a few months with great results while having fun.
Located in the same facility as jewart's gymnastics, it's a nice no-frills climbing experience.
The rest rely on dragging a gymnastics crash mat underneath them in case of a fall.
Lvac on flamingo is a great fitness center for the price.
The only pitfall to lvac in general is that they lack functional fitness areas.
I love this gym!!
I like the classes offered at this location and the personal training.
Have worked with the training crew for a while now.
This is a very nice gym.
For the money, it's hard to do better than the new mountainside fitness on indian bend.
I would recommend this gym to any of my friends or family :)
I have been going to redemption fitness since the grand opening, and love it!
Not your typical gym, not your typical workouts.
The gym rules are pretty straightforward and the staff has always been accommodating to my schedule.
Glad i found my gym!
But overall its a good gym it has all the things you need for a good workout.
Why i like this particular crossfit gym: the coaches are phenomenal.
), and i don't see how any other fitness program can get you to that point.
I have come to the chavez boxing gym for self defense training.
The gym is also kid friendly if you want your little ones to learn self defense too.
I will always tell everybody who asks me about this gym that it's a great gym and worth it.
The trainers are knowledgeable and attentive.
I was working with a personal trainer and paying a fortune.
Otf is much more reasonable and i feel like i'm still getting 1:1 training.
- there's some weights in the group exercise room, and often a punching bag left hanging in one corner.
I like the no-nonsense approach at trainers.
Raw fitness is a life changer for sure!
So when losing the weight you get your money back!!!
With this being said raw fitness is worth every penny!
The trainers are beyond amazing(especially dylan), the staff are kind and the facilities are always clean.
I love this gym.
1/3 of the upstairs is cardio machines.
The gym is clean, good equipment and great classes.
Super happy with this gym.
I highly recommend this gym.
I travel for work and have probably been to 40+ crossfit gyms.
Sol crossfit is definitely in the upper echelon of gyms i have visited.
Lance truly wants his members to stay engaged and they offer olympic lifting classes in partnership with olympia weight lifting.
The prices are competitive and there are a ton of member activities to meet other people in the gym.
Ds fitness studio is great!
Ds fitness studio is my little piece of heaven.
I absolutely love the gym.
Noah and judy is great if you're looking for some advice on how to train.
Locker rooms are conformable and not wet a dirty like most gyms.
I'm so excited about this new fabulous gym.
A huge indoor pool and the largest weightlifting room i've ever seen is here too!
Weight training guru's to help you build that super body are available for a nominal fee.
On your way in or out of the gym there is a wall dedicated to fallen soldiers.
So glad to be back and back at my gym!
And gerry trains my friend and she's lost so much weight!
Best gym ive ever been apart of!
Their trainers are awesome!
My trainer tiana has been with me a year and makes me enjoy coming in.
30 minute workout every time so you're in and out of the gym, but it's always a challenging workout.
Trainers are attentive and continually push you to train harder.
You always feel like you've had a great workout and i'm constantly recommending this gym to all my friends!
Ms fitness coo mario personally called me and resolved my complaint.
The other gym patrons seem to always be mindful of cleaning off equipment.
Always a cardio machine open.
The weights tend to get a little busy but you just have to watch out for the peak hours.
I'm 43 years old and was overweight and unmotivated before joining and i'm so glad that i did!
Best of luck with your fitness goals!
This is more than a crossfit gym, the community at cfa is truly family.
The trainers were awesome.
I have been a member of this gym for about 5 years now.
This is not a gym that is open 24 hours though.
They have a lot of cardio machines (elliptical, treadmill and bikes) and you'll never have to wait to use one.
They do have a wide assortment of weight machines, as well as free weights.
They offer personal training sessions as well, if you are inclined to use those.
Like other reviewers have mentioned, this is a no frills gym.
:-)  special kudos to danny efron, fitness trainer.
He is definitely one of their top trainers.
My favorite gym in vegas.
It's the gym.... time to relax people.. :)
The diverse levels of fitness in the group are all accommodated.
I love this gym.
It is 24 hours and has sauna, classes, and and outdoor gym area.
They are an awesome gym!!!
I didn't need to complete the tour to know that pf is a much better gym.
The music is okay at pf, but at least it isn't as loud as it is at la fitness.
Maybe they should change the name to la ghetto fitness (watts-fitness?)
Way to go, planet fitness - i'm tellin' everyone to join your clubs!
Hands down, the best gym i've been to.
I freaking love this gym!
I love everything they offer for weight lifting.
They also have a separate gym area for women only... if you like that sorta thing.
The only thing i'd say needs a little improvement is the sweaty gym socks smell in the lifting area downstairs.
Other than that, i think this gym totally beats all other gyms in town... even the most expensive gyms.
We put our daughter in gymnastics here in the parent tot class and we love it.
If you are looking for a great gym to put your kid in i highly recommend this one.
But this is a good gym that has most equipment needs.
I love my new gym!!
Very knowledgeable and supportive fitness team.
I decided to work with a trainer for the first time ever...erick is absolutely the best!!
The pit is by far the best gym i've ever been to.
Then came jon with a jump rope and a fitness concept that was fun and challenging!
At uprising i have the best of both worlds between a sense of community and individualized personal training.
I have been a member of nearly every gym, golds, 24hour, lafitness, fitness 19, etc.
This is like the costco of gyms.
Just before the stairs is the free weight and universal machine room but i'll come back there later.
Past the racquetball courts and to the left is the cardio warehouse.
30 minutes of cardio later, it is time for core.
Lvac has the latest core equipment that isolates your muscles for both focused training and to preserve your back.
Cons - the trainers do not seem very knowledgeable.
The trainer was honest and told me the center makes them follow a "script" that only allows minimal alteration.
I am not certain the trainers even have any certifications.
The parking lot is large but expect to do some walking to get into the gym unless you get lucky.
I chose lvac because of the multiple convenient locations and the much cheaper rate than lifetime fitness.
I was loyal to my gym for years but wanted to do something different.
This gym is like a country club!
Tons and tons of cardio machines and weight machines.
The only knock is the lack of free weights in here.
This place doesn't really cater to someone who likes to lift heavy weights.
Not my kind of gym.
The price is extremely high when compared to a comparable gym such as lvac.
But when it comes to me - i go to the gym to work out; not to be pampered.
Fancy gym..too fancy for me ;)
I like the gym, pretty big and pretty clean.
I done a couple group fitness classes they were pretty good and fun.
I sometimes come in the morning around 3am before work, it's basically your own personal gym at that time.
Overall good gym, paying 24 bucks a month for unlimited access not too bad.
The gym is never at capacity so you'll most likely get the machine you want.
I've been to dula gym about 10 times.
They have smaller fitness room with a few heavy duty weight and cardio machines, and free weights.
Last i heard it's only $2 to use the basketball courts during open gym for a year.
The workouts can be modified so that any person at any level of fitness can challenge themselves.
Each class always incorporates rowing, weights and cardio to give every workout a nice balance.
I've been a member here since 2010, and when i joined it was urban active; now it's an la fitness.
La fitness is cheaper than the y and has so much more.
This class keeps me coming back, i am so excited to finally have a fitness routine of my own!
Great gym(s) and the price is amazing considering what you get!
The gyms are clean and kept up to date.
I don't expect much from a gym.
I also want my gym to have free weights and a place to lift heavy.
There is lots of cardio equipment and machines if that is your thing.
I see some negative comments below about treadmills and weight machines.
For me the gym offers what i need and it isn't crowded.
They keep this gym super clean.
It doesn't cost any more than most other gyms.
No worries gym rats, this place is no planet fitness!
They're actually alot professional than all other gyms i have been a member of in the past.
The workout floor is kept fairly clean, and i rarely see people leaving their gym bags lying around.
For what i am paying, this gym is by far the best deal in the shadyside/point breeze area.
Nevertheless, this place has pretty much everything you need and a lot of things you don't need (cardio theater, really?).
I don't care how disciplined you are at the big gyms or at home, this is totally different.
It's like having your own personal trainer and biggest fan!
The attendees are all ages and sizes, not a meathead or barbie style gym.
This used to be my favorite gym but they changed ownership and the place seems run down.
They never would stay at any other gym or with anybody else.
It's like having a personal trainer.
The facility had everything you need in a crossfit gym plus a great area for their 800m runs.
It's a mixture of cardio and strength training.
They are knowledgeable about fitness and make it enjoyable!
This is hands down one of the best gyms ever!
So space management:  there are plenty of free weights to go around.
About 20 feet, double rows of free weights with mirrors running all the way + barbell selection is good.
One excellent thing about this gym is that people actually do come here to workout.
In other words, there is minimal level of gym rats.
What are gym rats you ask?
It's those people who come to the gym to hang out and not actually work out.
I think fitness 365 really shines when it comes to classes.
People who make their living my training their body to the peak level!
Trainers sometimes come by and give you tips which is great!
I highly recommend this gym if the location is convenient to you!
The staff and trainers are great!
Anyway i can't boast enough about this gym!
After having checked out more than a few other gyms, this is the one that i stuck with.
If you miss a class they allow a make up on fridays with free time around the gym.
All kinds of people train at irongloves, not just pros.
I train with tony, and we started out with the very basics.
The price for 1-on-1 is quite reasonable considering that it's personal training.
I love this gym!!!
All the fitness classes, pool & sauna is all included in the price of your membership.
You'll find three separate workout schedules: two fitness floor classes and water aerobics/swimming classes.
You'll also find a plethora of children's programs, personalized fitness classes (which you'll pay extra for), and open gym hours.
You'll find a "cardio room" with treadmills, bikes, steppers and ellipticals.
You'll also find an enclosed gym and fitness classroom.
Ds fitness is like a family and dahiana also hosts events that are beyond her 6:30 classes.
Ds fitness will get you results!!!
Joined this gym to take his classes.
The place has everything a weightlifter, powerlifter and body builder needs!!
I am a former planet fitness user and now i understand why la fitness costs slightly more.
It makes sense since some of their locations have a pool, racquet ball, and all have fitness classes.
Shawn, the personal trainer, was also very friendly and accommodating.
Overall the equipment at this gym is not bad but there are definitely some pitfalls.
After i had wrote the review, the gym manager reached out to me personally to explain the situation.
This is an old school boxing gym.
The trainers are excellent and the environment is non-threatening.
You are learning a new sport, which is so much more fun than pushing weights up and down.
I liken it to navy seal training.
Best gym in az!
This gym is a dream come true.
It has everything boyfriend and i both wanted in a gym.
Not pushy at all like other gyms.
It's evident that he uses the gym mainly as a way to improve the lives of youths in the neighborhood.
Fortunately for me, chavez boxing gym is also home to some excellent instructors.
I've also dropped a considerable amount of weight.
A real boxing gym can seem intimidating but you will not regret the decision to give it a try.
This gym has absolutely everything!
We came in town and needed a gym.
Most definitely the gym to go to whether in town or a local.
I love this gym!
When i entered the gym cassandra at the front desk was so kind and helpful!
Thank you cassandra at lifetime fitness!
The gym is always clean and functional, and has a good selection for equipment to suit the crowd.
It is nothing like that "singles bar" gym in marda loop.
I wholeheartedly recommend this gym!
I am so glad i joined this gym.
Trainers are also able to modify workouts based on individual needs.
They also provide the tools we need to progress in our fitness level.
I'm enjoying my challenging workouts and cannot see myself at another crossfit gym.
My daughter loved playing on the very good quality gymnastic equipment.
It's a real privilege to work in the airport and enjoy this gym.
They accomplish the planet fitness motto without having to feel like a beginner gym!
Went to my first drop-in and took their core cardio class.
I've stuck it out through personal fitness dry spells, busy times at work, and renovations at the gym.
I highly recommend this gym.
Nice little gym with access card, so you can go whenever you like.
I am now on second year at excel and i still enjoy the gym very much.
If you are after group fitness classes, lvac is the best option.
This gym truly cares about the members and wants to see you succeed.
I walked in on my first day skeptical but sick of la fitness and ready for a change.
I was getting better and better each day i stepped in the gym.
They will guide you through your own fitness journey and scale workouts to fit your abilities and goals.
I couldn't recommend this gym more.
I would highly recommend usa fitness to everyone from beginning athletes to elite gymnasts!
Fitlife is a small, personal fitness facility with excellent staff and a strong following.
They also specialize in training athletes, both professional and youth, so it's never a dull environment!
If you are in town looking to train you should totally check out cobra kai.
I am a member of the eos gym in ahwatukee.
I am happy with my progress, and i know i will reach my goal weight by the end of october.
My second favorite of the lvac gyms.
A plethora of free weights, cardio machines, indoor swimming pools, sauna, women's only gym, cafe, and class studio.
This place definitely caters to anyone who is serious about fitness, lifting, and getting into shape.
There are other gyms out there like lifetime fitness that are a little nicer and feels like a country club.
But when i go to the gym..i go to get it done in there!
Best gym in vegas - especially for the price!
Great gym but way too expensive.
Both scott and tom are great trainers and are motivating and supportive..... and funny too!
I wouldn't mind seeing a trainer throw in some country music...just saying...there's some there to workout to!
I am in this gym almost everyday and always greeted with a smile.
I have lost 50lbs since september thanks to this gym.
So my anytime fitness gym closed and i felt homeless.
They are keeping the gym up very well.
Julie and jay are awesome trainers who are energetic and happy to see you.
Every woman that's in there has a story and everyone is there, in one way or another, for fitness.
I've never been a gym rat but this is a place that i truly enjoy.
My trainer is andre and he always provides one on one specialized training to work towards my goals.
Great gym for the $10-12/month.
I re-joined this gym after going to anytime fitness for a year.
All equipment is always functional and weights section is one of the biggest i've ever seen.
But i still enjoy the basketball and cardio equipment.
The free weights are terribly outdated.
Just started at this gym after moving to a new home.
Small gym with everything i need!
Owner, ryan and resident trainers, noah and judy are so knowledgeable and accessible.
The gym is safe and always clean.
Wouldn't ever consider the gym 'crowded' for the space.
Take a look at my picture,  lifetime fitness did this for me.
Great new gym on east side of town, hidden gem.
This 24hr fitness is relatively old.
Many of the cardio equipment are dated, but yet still in good working condition.
I love this gym!
Don't get suckered into personal training.
The price is a little steep, but is definitely worth it, if you use the gym to its full potential.
Overall best gym i've been too!
I joined this gym last weekend and had my first training session ever with riley.
I've always been fairly anti-gym but my husband has convinced me to give it a shot.
I'm looking forward to future sessions at this gym.
The gym is spacious -- with plenty of places for a newbie to choose to hide.
I love this gym.
If you want a pool or basketball court, this gym doesn't have it.
I have always found space to get my workout in without having to wait for machines or weights.
This gym is well worth the price.
This is a small gym, but it is meticulously run by some of the nicest people you will ever meet.
The owners put everything they have into running this gym and it shows.
This gym is kept spotless and you can always count on a warm welcome when you arrive.
If you are looking for that small neighborhood gym to work out in look no further.
Stacey is an amazing trainer and coach.
Available by phone or stop in at the gym for recommendations/suggestions.
You may have seen scott on 3tv as he is often interviewed for health and fitness segments.
Sts just started offering group training classes which i hope to check out soon too.
This review is for my trainer liz.
I am such a fan of this gym, and for what it has done for bakery square.
The view of the lake while doing cardio is phenomenal!
If you don't have a membership with mountainside fitness this gym will make you want one!
Maybe one day i can become like david v.   the rest of the gym is pretty nice, too.
The cardio station is filled with new machines i have never used before.
A premier crossfit gym located downtown.
Tons of great parking (which is surprisingly important), top notch trainers, friendly atmosphere and people, good energy all around!
It's like having a personal trainer for way cheaper.
I attend her group classes in the apartment community regularly and i'm currently training with her as well.
She always pushes me to train hard and thanks to her i have gained a lot of strength and stamina.
I am honored to have tiffany as my trainer.
The gym is competitive in pricing.
This is a place where they really care about you, your goals, your fitness, your progress and your life.
Lots of free weights.
No one to bother you and ask you to join a class or sign up for personal training sessions.
The objective truth is that i have trained brazilian jiujitsu, gi and no-gi, at dozens of gyms in various countries.
Sim does not believe in putting his students through 20 minutes of crossfit-esque group training movements before every class.
California cycle path is hands down the best fitness studio in pittsburgh.
Passionate trainers, and great classes.
I was a guest at the gym but they where so helpful and checking in was so easy .
I have been coming to this gym for years now.
Access to the pool, sauna, locker room, and all areas of the gym.
There's tons of equipment in this gym, so there's always something to do.
This gym is always packed and parking is always so hard.
All in all it's a good gym.
I recently switched to mountainside fitness from 24hr fitness which i had been a member at for 14 years.
The gym is spacious, clean, well air conditioned with plenty of machine and free weights to use.
Plenty of cardio if you like that with tv's on each cardio machine.
People of different ages, genders, and fitness levels all have something they can find here.
There are 4 gyms all within walking distance from my home and i chose this one.
It's a practical gym.
The pricing here is good, less expensive than most of the other gyms nearby.
Gym is 24 hours on weekdays and there are lots of cardio machines.
Nothing better than having enthusiastic trainers and a well-maintained club.
This gym is amazing.
Especially for an active gym.
It has twice as much stuff than other 24 hour gyms.
The gym lay out is different but nice.
They had things i never saw at other 24 hour fitness.
The gym is old but very well kept.
I like the old equipment better than what they put in the newer gyms.
I haven't seen a gym with steal plates in a very long time.
Over all this is a great gym.
Weights, balls, robes and mats are provided and everything is incredibly clean.
This gym is great.
I drive 30 minutes just to work out with the trainers.
Eos fitness, previously gold's gym is already improving.
The cinema cardio room.
Overall the gym is pretty clean and my guy loves the weight machines.
It is almost like having a personal trainer (which would essentially be a lot more expensive).
Love the trainers, classes and especially the kids world staff!!
Several cardio machines and weights.
Whether it be from nutrition, physical fitness or mind performance therapy, they truly know what they are doing.
The staff is very friendly and the weight and cable machines are well taken care of,  they seem new.
They ask in the morning if we are going to the gym all the time.
Yoga academy teacher trainer  original yoga system trainer and therapist  https://www.yogaacademyusa.com/sherina  email: sherina.camacho@yogaacademyusa.com instagram: sena.hoca facebook: yoga academy usa
Fitness connection is just a basic gym.
I really only go for the group fitness classes.
To be honest, i wish this was a female only gym.
This gym seems better than the others.
That gym isn't as new and pretty as this one tho.
I really like this gym, kind of small, but it's really good and gets the job done.
I have been training here when it was tapout training center.
He gets your cardio going and also ensures that you are using proper form.
My son also comes to this gym.
I trained in nj and was worried the training and experience might be different.
Definitely recommend the village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras!
Now onto the actual gym.
That's where i do all my free weight lifting.
The cardio area upstairs is where i do all of my cardio.
So if someone is complaining about that, they aren't going to the gym to work out!
Thank you lvac for helping me shed the baby weight, plus some!
I was able to get one on one training from people that know what they're doing.
I owe a ton to the body firm and its trainers.
Not only do the trainers have great energy, but seem to also care that each person is learning.
I'm super sore from just a thirty minute workout and feel it was a great mix of cardio and strength.
This is the ideal workout for someone trying to add a toning piece to their training.
Gym is big and always empty.
So i decided to stray from my usual gym & try something new.
Planet fitness was the closest gym to where i live so my boyfriend & i signed up.
Lastly, there's no annoying "personal training" or membership upgrading sales pitches from employees.
If you get the basic plan, you can only go to that particular gym and no other locations.
I have not found a better deal at any other gym.
Hands down best gym in the city.
Awesome staff and great members makes it a pleasure to train
Although i enjoyed this gym, and have a good rating for it, this gym might not be for everyone!
This is a great gym for what i would define as beginners/casual workouts.
So i had a 7 day trial to see what this gym was like.
Getting into the gym already become 1000 times less stressful.
Alright, time to get changed - this gym has private/individual changerooms.
This gym has a decent collection of machines, that are all pretty new.
Now for the actual weight training areas, the main issue i had was the fact there was no bench press.
The dumbbell area is fairly small, but has a good selection of weights.
Overall it's a pretty nice gym that is convenient and much quieter than other larger gyms.
A huge gym that handles it's membership well at a great price.
The free weight section downstairs is huge and is occasionally populated by ufc fighters.
I wouldn't leave my kid here if he didn't have a few years of mma training and weigh 75 pounds.
It's worth noting that this is the best dressed gym i have ever been to, including other lvacs.
More accurately: this is the least dressed gym i have ever seen.
Not only was the gym really nice, the customer service given was very welcoming.
This is a legit krav maga school with excellent training.
The class is designed to accommodate varying ability and fitness levels and is encouraging.
They have a great mix of old school and new equipment, and the fitness classes are free for all members.
And that's exactly what this gym is!
It's a classic, old school style gym that brings it down to the basics.
I've been training at fitlife for over ten years.
It is a good place regardless of your age  or skill level and can help meet anyone's personal  fitness goals.
Best gym i have ever trained at.
Aside from having 1 certified trainer here this place is great.
I love anytime fitness as i travel a lot for work.
Johnny is a great trainer, arthur is an amazing nutritionist...
Typical phoenix rock climb gym prices which i am not a big fan of but understand.
This wellness club offers the best variety of physical fitness, nutrition planning and mind therapy.
The trainers are knowledgeable and work to help you attain your goals.
I love this gym.
Also like being able to use any of their gyms.
This is a fairly new climbing gym and for the newness i was impressed.
My "climbing partner" bought a new pair of shoes from the little shop they have within the gym.
One very interesting thing about the gym is that they make alot of their own holds!
Alot of creative minds at this gym and i love it!
Their open gym and summer camp are great programs!
Hands down best place in az for gymnastics!
This gym is clean & friendly staffs.
Jon garcia , my trainer is very professional & he'll help you achieve your goal .
I read.a few of the reviews as i walked in the gym.
Simply put this is the best la fitness i have been to.
If my home la fitness was like this one i would have no complaints!!!
Definitely a higher quality gym than those chains in cali (24hr fitness, bally's, la fitness, etc).
I hadn't read any previous reviews on this gym, but the customer service was excellent.
I give it 4 stars because i haven't been to any other rock gyms to really compare.
Trainers are awesome here, don't be intimidated!
The cardio equipment here rocks!
I have been a member of either gold's or world gym since i was 18 (you know...
I've been to other gyms (la fitness, 24 hour fitness, etc.
La fitness and 24 hour fitness seem to be places where you go to meet people who appear to workout.
It's just something that i've come to expect of sales people at any gym - not exclusive to gold's.
I've had similar problems at other gyms.
If you are serious about working out this is the gym for you.
Trainers are some of the best!
They have a pretty extensive weight section and a decent number of cardio machines.
As far as goodlife fitness locations go, this is one worth visiting.
A great place for fitness!
The trainers and facilities at sincity crossfit south are fantastic.
I've trained with max and tj and they provide a great crossfit experience for all levels of fitness.
Most importantly, they make everyone feel welcome once you walk into the gym and you get a great workout experience.
This gym is exactly what i need it to be: inexpensive and efficient.
I come here for the treadmill, the elliptical and a few machines in the ladies gym.
I've been a member at this gym for at least a couple years now.
That's really hard to beat, especially because lots of local gyms are easily $100+ per person per month.
Loved the cardio machines and the hoist machines.
The gym is very clean and well maintained.
I like how big and spacious the upstairs weights area is compared to other gyms i've been in.
There are many gyms closer to my house and an la almost across the street from me.
I can't say enough great things about this gym.
I really enjoy the village fitness gym.
Lifetime fitness gyms are probably my favorite of all the brands out there to choose from.
They do not come close to this gym as far as size, equipment, and classes.
They do offer amenities that you can't find at other gyms.
There is a large free weight area that is well maintained and kept clean.
The cardio area is huge and there is a wide variety of different cardio machines to choose from.
This gym you can actually shower at when you are finished with your work out.
Definitely one of the best gyms around!
I recently signed up with a vimtrim trainer (tyler) at the liv.
New residents get two free personal training sessions, so i decided to give it a try.
They are in a whole different league when it comes to strength training.
(hiit training) they are consistent, intentional with their program and their brand.
I was spoiled with the availability of a free gym as part of tuition.
When i moved here, i started searching around for gyms & i couldn't be happier with planet fitness.
All this, and they're still significantly cheaper than many of the other gyms in the area.
Because they don't waste their time or money with all the fluffy add-ons you'll see at big gyms.
For most of that time, i've just gone to a gym and worked out on my own.
Also, i've usually had access to a free gym, so i haven't been able to justify paying for anything.
I've trained a couple clients there and the equipment is always available.
Get it done at fitness battalion mississauga
I used to have a gym membership with 24 hour fitness before i moved to las vegas.
When i moved out here my 24 hour fitness membership expired so i decided to check out other gym options.
The minute i stepped foot in the gym i was in awe!
It was very modern and a lot nicer than the gyms i was used to.
Your gym membership allows you to go to any of their locations so try them all out!
(henderson area)  i would recommend trying this gym out on the free trial and see how you like it!
However, in my opinion, lvac is the best gym i have been to so far!
My son loves training at infinity fitness.
He is improving his fitness and having a blast at the same time!
Twisted fitness, which is an alliance affiliate stood out amongst the somewhat limited options in madison.
And in order to be an alliance gym there is a lot of additional training instructors must do.
The gym is run by mark plavcan and sonya barton.
I am a blue belt under caio terra training in san jose, ca, which is a bjj hotbed.
The facility is in ford's gym, which is a cool gym in its own right.
Twisted fitness is upstairs in a great little space.
All the other students were very friendly, and eager to train.
Good gym, good people.
Yes, this gym does get busy.
But with that being said, it's a great gym.
I like that the cardio machines are upstairs while the weight training machines are downstairs.
Also, unfriendly people or even no greeter at the main desk seems to be la fitness's thing.
Overall, i like that this gym isn't as busy as the other gym in the daytime.
It's nice to see this gym expanding!
I have trained at excel for over a year and half.
It is a great gym.
The only reason i mention it is that it is prevalent at most other gyms.
We have been at usa youth fitness for a couple years.
We love the gym in gilbert, but transferred to queen creek location for convenience.
Great programs in addition to gymnastics for kiddos.
Great gym especially if you want a no-frills weight room!
Prices are good ($49 a month) and the weight room is great and takes up the main basement.
Not used the cardio area much or the room for classes, but they seem decent.
One of the best gyms in the area, especially if you enjoy positive atmosphere.
Weight room is in great shape, easy to get on and off equipment.
Old school gym with huge machine floor and free weight area.
Yeah, the cardio machines are ancient but it gives it charm.
Stay focused , get into your zone and smash some weight.
My girlfriend and i scheduled a weightlifting coaching session with him.
I had a 28 day trial and this was the closest gym to my place.
Very typical of any goodlife gym - lockers, showers, and sauna.
All around great club, tennis, swimming and fitness.
The trainers are energetic and always willing to help!
So i found out about this gym from groupon, where i purchased a three month package for $35.
They have about 4 of 5 different rooms, but i mainly stay where the cardio equipment is.
I signed up that day and never stopped training here since.
Best gym in the valley, if you want to train for real!
This updated review is solely for their gym membership, not the challenge which has extortionately been increased.
(fyi, it's $399)  if you're just looking for a monthly gym membership without a contract, it's $197.
Overall, the gym's kept clean and sweat is kept at bay by the mandatory towel rule.
I've been to a similar bootcamp gym and it simply does not compare to the trainers and workouts at raw.
Amazing team of trainers!
Membership and personal training at very fair prices!
Each experience far exceeded my expectations of a standard gym, but village is anything but normal.
We could not have asked for a better gym for the whole family!
Never been to a golds gym before, always been 24 hour fitness.
Really big gym, has basketball courts, pool, the works!
Looking forward to coming to this gym a lot!
The gym is large, the equipment is well maintained.
They have a ton of machines, and not that much room for free weights.
Otherwise the gym has everything i need.
Figured it'd be equivalent to a 24 hour fitness...the only thing that was the same was the price.
Bang for the buck you won't find a better gym!
I was in town for the weekend and needed to keep up with my marathon training.
Cons: i give it 4 stars only because the fees are a little steep for offering only cardio and weights.
Thisnis the best gym that has happened to my kids and to me!!!!
They are about fitness and progress!
If you want to go to a gym where you feel like family, clubsport is the place.
The average age of clubsport is definitely significantly higher than other gyms.
If you want to workout with headphones and do your own thing, try another gym!
Crossfit archangel has very knowledgeable  and we'll crossfit experienced trainers.
I love this gym!
You get the feeling (and attention) of personal training in a room of 20 or so people working out.
The classes are challenging but seem to accommodate a wide range of ages, body types, and levels of fitness.
I really can only say positive things about my experience with the scottsdale ranch orange theory fitness.
I would give this gym 4.5 stars if poss.
In comparison to other gyms this is as good as it gets.
For myself the 8 pack of classes was great for strength training and becoming stronger.
Before orange i wasn't loosing as much weight and i had hit a wall for weight loss.
The variety of movements and flexibility of the class help for those who are hitting a weight loss plateau.
You won't be able to achieve the same amount of toning or motivation in any gym.
It's the best option to get your workout in without paying outrageous trainer price tags.
The girls at the front are nice and the trainers are really high energy which helps get you going.
I've been a member of many gyms around toronto (extreme, goodlife, toronto athletic club, wynn, frog's, ymca, eclipse, etc).
I joined the fitness institute in march of 2013 and it's definitely at the top of my gym lists.
Other than regular gym facilites, you do have access to a patio with a bbq, whirlpool, sauna, steam room, etc.
Reasons why i particularly love this gym is because it's a serious gym.
Also, i should mention that the personal trainers here are great and of a more professional calibre.
I've been at this gym now since the day they opened!
Yes it's expensive,  but it's a lot cheaper than a personal trainer and is well worth the penny!
The staff is great, everyone from the trainers and nutritionists to the front desk.
The equipment is fairly new and they have a good number of machines/ free weights.
It has everything you need if you're serious about training and it's never overly crowded like some other places.
I'd recommend it for anyone as it's a great training environment.
My husband and i joined mountainside fitness two years ago and we love it!
They offer a variety of fitness classes and that is what motivates me.
Before i joined this gym about 8 months ago i read the reviews on yelp.
The reviews compare this gym to the country atlethic club or the mega gyms which isnt fair.
With that said its a great gym if you live close by.
The gym is full mirrored for the muscle heads.
Ive been to 24 and that place was over whelming and 24 hour fitness is too expensive.
Kaiju isn't just a gym; it's a community.
I've never been to a gym with such a friendly and supportive group of people before.
Fr has really done an awesome job making this a gym i want to be at every day
The trainers are super helpful, and the workout is intense, but quick.
The trainers are the best of the best.
Today was my first time trying golds gym.
The manager gave me a short 10 min tour (the gym isn't very big) and  was helpful and friendly.
I love this gym.
I been training here for over 3 years with tim sparkes.
I would recommend this gym to anyone that wants to change their body and their life.
Best crossfit gym i've tried.
The drop-in process is very easy and they have plenty of open gym hours throughout the day.
For someone like me, this gym is great!
I even looked at lifetime fitness, which was really expensive, and their class schedule stinks compared to lvac.
I am there to work out, and there are lots of people like me at this gym.
I don't wear the coolest gym clothes or look good at the gym.
I usually am not a fan of bright lights but the weight room down stairs was too dark!
I just recently got back to the gym last week after falling off the wagon :-(.
I really recommend the gym if you want to invest in the atmosphere, your surroundings.
Adding, i personally have the struggle that i like to go to do what gyms are for: working out.
Also, its very upsetting to know they dont have enough free weights nor machines like lvac.
No one at the gym is there to measure how much better they are compared to you.
I've tried other gyms and nothing is like cobra kai.
Though a really small gym, there are a good number of climbing and bouldering routes for the space.
We have finally found a kid friendly gym that focuses on fun and fitness for both children and adults!!!
I love love love the fact that they have a women's room and a cardio theatre.
There are other gyms that have the same exact thing for more expensive.
The employees are always friendly and the gym is pretty clean.
They also have olympic weights which i love.
Felt like i had a personal trainer.
Excellent balance of strength training and cardio.
I've learned a ton of new exercises and weightlifting techniques.
The overall cleanliness of the gym floor has improved; the showers and steam room seem much more maintained as well.
They do a good job of replacing older equipment with newer, more relevant ones for functional training.
I train regularly with mark hale and he always challenges me with new movements and routines.
Overall, the look and especially the feel of the gym has really.
Not the most "up to date" 24 hour fitness i've been to.
First off, renene and joe are great and run a very organized gym.
Working with a personal trainer twice a week has been amazing for both my personal fitness and boxing skill.
I feel so much more confident in anything from lifting weights at my other gym to running a 10k race.
Pit 702 is a boxing-focused gym with boxing, mma, and self-defense classes for kids and adults.
The women's self-defense classes are reality-based, and open gym time is available to practice.
The best tennis instructors, the best yoga, zumba, fitness, & yes even tai chi instructors!
Resulting in the valley's best health & fitness club (period!)
The gym is more than satisfactory otherwise and has recently gone above and beyond in customer service in other areas.
Nate is an excellent trainer.
He really cares about your fitness goals and helps you design a plan.
La fitness is fortunate to have him.
My boys and i each train for thirty minute periods a couple times a week.
Coach chavez is completely focused on who he is training for that thirty minutes.
Amazing experience and great yoga training.
I've been at this gym since it opened.
That's all i ask for with a gym.
Any gym you join is going to have a contract for you to complain about.
Good to very good gym.
They're challenging but doable for all fitness levels.
And she looks forward to being trained by him.
This is definitely by far the best gym in vegas.
I go to this gym really late.
The gym is kept clean.
Did i mention staff keeps the gym clean.
My only wish for this gym to be a 24/7 gym.
I have had a gym membership at a lot of places, but this is the best fitness club ever!
This gym is all about the love of the art and not about making money.
I really can't say enough about this gym - get out there and try it out!
There is a lot more cardio machines than strength training.
I have been taking my kids to the little gym pv for 4 years and we love it!
Christine, one of their trainers, is just completely amazing and i owe her so much!
That is not my normal gym attitude!
What a great gym.
The gym is much less busy than other gyms around peak hours such as lunch and after work.
My boyfriend and i were visiting for 5 days and we were itching to get to the gym.
Everyone there seemed pretty intense, they really took their fitness seriously.
Compared to our gym back home, this place was awesome and we seriously miss it.
It is a no frills gym with a great atmosphere and staff.
Their trainers are knowledgable as well.
This gym is perfect to get a quick workout in.
Trainers are very knowledgeable and personally, i have a trainer and i love the program.
The cleanliness of the gym is amazing!!
Definitely recommend this gym to everyone!
I love this gym, been coming here for 2 years and i love the open and friendly atmosphere.
Justin signed me up for training and upgraded membership.
Overall i've had a great experience at eos fitness.
Strong tiger kempo uses a unique approach to core strength, agility, self defense and fitness training.
Great combination of fitness and self defense techniques in a fun, friendly environment.
If you are willing to show up and put in the work, james will help you achieve your fitness goals!!
Anyway, it was the best gym i could find on my budget.
My favorite gym in the world when traveling!
If you are a serious athlete, forget about any other gym around here.
My training buddy also just moved and i needed another inspiration to help me along.
Walking in, it's a simple and unexpecting gym.
I love that this gym does not uphold the reputation that crossfit has gathered over the years.
A great gym and mitch is a excellent trainer.
If u haven't trained here, you gotta!!
Also has a nice vibe with little to no attitude that is seen with other gyms.
I recommend la fitness and looking for more locations in the queen city.
Very reasonable fees, especially comapred to a *ahem* certain gym down the street.
There is rpm and group fitness classes and i tried both yesterday (sunday) morning.
I began coming to this gym in december 2017.
I agree that some of the gym-goers aren't the most courteous but there are people like that in every gym.
There's a wide variety of equipment to use and ample cardio machines.
The gym floor is also very spacious.
Overall, if you're looking for a gym with lots of space and equipment, i suggest trying this one out!
They set me up with one of their personal trainers chris, who i recommend to basically everyone i know.
This is not my favorite gym.
The other patrons are sometimes not very clean which i think just happens at ten dollar gyms.
They've moved some things around recently and added a bunch of new cardio equipment.
This is still a solid choice if you are looking for a gym in the mid-scottsdale area.
We are new to the area and new to gymnastics and our eight-year-old absolutely loves it here!
Our daughter counts down the days until her gymnastics class every week and loves every minute of it.
The facilities are great but the knowledge and support of all the trainers are even better!
I am so thankful for this team and what they've done for me and the fitness goals i've achieved.
Now that this fitworks location has moved, it's like a whole new gym.
The group fitness classrooms are nicely laid out and the spin studio even has black lights.
This review is for their personal trainers at the gym.
One of my biggest pet peeves are trainers who look at their cell phones every 5 minutes.
I notice she implements a lot of pt / occupational therapy exercises in her workouts for some of her trainees.
Keep up the good work eos trainers, i'm happy you're doing your job...unlike a lot of other places.
We've used the fitness rooms and trainers (hurray for erica rosenbaum!
When traveling yelps my goto for gyms that have legit powerlifting equipment.
Nine weeks ago i started a fitness program for the first time in 20 years (since college).
The trainers at team 44 will change your life.
It's more expensive than your average gym, but also will not break the bank.
Sales person made the process easy and hassle free, something i have not received in my past gym buying experience.
I was so sick of cardio and its a great way to build muscle and tone up.
I love this gym..friendly staff and the owners go out of their way to say hi.
I am a figure competitor and this gym has all the equipment i need to prep for my shows.
I've been training in brazilian jiu jitsu for about a year and was looking for a competitive edge.
My go to gym now: - never crowded when i go (at 9 am or 11 pm), easy parking.
- seems to be an older gym but relatively well maintained.
I've always had a conventional "gym membership" but only got a real workout at the pit!
All of the trainers are superb, and the owners (suzy and mark) are super friendly and encouraging.
The trainers are good to show you what you need to do if you are unsure.
There are plenty of cardio machines, treadmills, ellipticals etc.
There are the usual selectorized machines & plenty of free weights.
I would recommend this gym if your in the area.
Probably heaven on earth for those guys who loves training.
I recently joined this fitness club.
The gym is very clean and staff is very friendly.
I took a tour of the facility and  found it had all the necessary fitness  machines.
The reviews that talk about the scrappy underdog qualities of this gym are accurate.
What's more, because of the lack of brand-new equipment, your registration is much cheaper than other gyms.
They include a standard variety of fitness club classes, boot camp and yoga, etc.
There are tvs in the cardio area -- they're old, but they're there.
For being a gym that charges me $20 a month for a membership, this place works great for me.
I have personally always had great service here and enjoy coming to this gym.
I never thought i would be the kind of person to work out in a gym.
Once i started to appreciate the value of a work out, i started gym shopping.
Tried la fitness, 24 hour fitness, lifetime fitness and none of them kept my attention or loyalty.
Young energetic trainers and staff.
Love love loved this gym!
The other patrons who frequented the gym were friendly as well and were diverse.
The prices were pretty affordable considering the other older competitor gyms around.
Joe is the best trainer !
Anytime fitness is a great gym and their personal trainers are awesome!
Having never had a trainer before,  i was a little intimidated.
My trainer dave is amazing, and what i really like about this gym is that it's so personalized.
I highly recommend going to anytime fitness!
I believe that is due to the excellent teaching methods and quality of training partners available at cobra kai.
The gym environment is very laid back but everyone trains seriously.
I hate going to the gym when it's packed.
I also wish there are trainers walking around to offer help.
My husband and i started attending the gym in the fall of 2012.
He is a personal trainer at the gym and in one word, he is amazing!
Good gym but they need to get rid of the barbell shoulder press and add in power racks instead
Love this place...dan, my trainer is the best!!
Very fortunate to have this gym.
After a few disappointing workouts at other gyms, i made the hike to pure barre.
What a great gym!
The cardiocinema is great, and they have every weight machine known to man.
It's super challenging, but also fun, positive, has great personable trainers, and you will see results right away.
It's a very big gym and the ladies locker rooms are also always clean and modeled nicely.
I stopped wasting time at the gym pretending to work out and now i wake up sore every day.
I call my gym the save by the bell gym.
Great gym and wish i lived in this area.
I love this gym!!
I'm here pretty much everyday and have tried classes from zumba and dance to yoga, hard cardio and pilates.
There are classes most of the day, everyday and the trainers are supportive, motivating and inspiring.
The flamingo, eastern, and n rainbow gyms are very high quality and the classes are very high quality.
Worked out twice at this gym while visiting my parents in ahwatukee.
Good clean gym with plenty of equipment.
I'm not a gym person at all but i love this gym.
I've had a couple of gym memberships before but always hated going and never stuck with them.
Love love love this gym.
My husband, lyle and i love this gym!
Boston, the owner is an exceptional teacher and trainer!
This is a great gym and tom is a very good trainer.
No frills or games being played with customers just good service and training.
In addition, this is a place devoted to the average person going to the gym, versus the gym rat.
I would recommend this gym for anyone that wants to be fit ;)
Robbie is amazing at this gym...
I have been to several trainers in my day and they usually do the same things with you.
I live in summerlin and drive there 3 days a week bec he is amazing and so his gym !
His easygoing attitude helps make cobra kai the best jiu jitsu gym in las vegas.
I started taking jiu jitsu in 2004 and have trained at three different gyms.
It doesn't matter if you're young or old, this gym will work for you.
I enjoy working out at this la fitness.
Get in the gym and get your sweat on!
But for 10-25 bucks a month you get gym access city wide, 24/7  and a ton of classes.
Perhaps one of the best gym lvac has to offer.
They have a 30 minute circuit area that combines strength training and cardio.
I find it interesting how the reviews can vary so much for this gym!
Originally i joined this gym because you can't beat the class schedule.
I've tried many fitness places and gyms, and nothing beats this one!
This place has changed my fitness and my life!
I've recently been trying to take my fitness more seriously and i've really enjoyed attending classes at barre3!
This is a solid gym, i don't see why people would give it anything less than 4 stars.
This place has everything from in-door pool, in-door track, separate rooms for free weights and machines galore.
Overall it's a good gym, only thing i don't like is food being cooked and served inside the gym.
Pros:  -fantastic equipment -plentiful equipment -old-school refurbished equipment that is harder to come by in a gym.
-not a "pretty" gym so it has lower traffic since the bulk of gym-goers prefer looks to function.
More of a classic looking gym.
My personal favorite gym i've been to in the entire city.
Cons:  -hands down the worst price for any gym in the entire city.
I think the gym is great.
Has all the equipment you would need, staff is friendly, trainers appear to be very qualified from my observations.
I have been a member of eos fitness for a year and a half.
It is helping me reach my fitness goals!
I go early in the morning so i rarely have to wait for the cardio machines.
They have a huge area for free weights and weight machines.
The gym is decently clean.
The crowd is typical of any gym.
For the cons, i have used a few of their personal trainers.
The third trainer was a nice female but a bit clueless and unorganized because she didn't have a set plan.
I gave up on the trainers after three unsuccessful tries.
This gym is great.
Indoor and outdoor track, basketball court, lap pool, huge weight lifting area, cardio seminar room and machines to choose from.
This is a great gym.
I have completed several surveys and have found that over 95% of gym members wear headphones while working out.
I just moved here from vegas and was skeptical about having different trainers.
But, the trainers in scottsdale are highly motivated and even more down to earth than at other locations.
I've been to three different pole fitness studios and this one is by far the best!
It's such an encouraging and lively atmosphere, with the perfect balance of fitness and sexy!
I don't like overcrowded gyms and waiting to use equipment.
I was a member of 24 hour fitness for years... and paying double what i paid for lvac.
Well... after five months at my new gym...
Cardio is so much easier and more entertaining now!
I have never been one to use a gender specific gym...
I am 100 percent happy with my decision to switch gyms.
While in town visiting family my husband and i found this gym.
Best gym in vegas.
Pools, spa, aerobics and great free weights area
The changes in my body, and my knowledge of fitness, were amazing.
It's an old school gym of the highest quality.
The trainers work hard, and they expect you to work hard.
I love this place, especially owners and trainers tim and heather sparks.
So far i like this gym a lot.
The one on one training keeps you focused and fit.
I joined the gym at the start of the year.
He is a top notch trainer and i am extremely glad to have him.
The gym is good, i know they have lots of classes included.
This gym is my home away from home and they welcome everyone regardless of size, age or background.
Amazing gym with amazing trainers.
I would strongly recommend this gym to anyone, whether you are an elite or a beginner.
Best gym public pool facility in las vegas.
The staff are very friendly and the gym is very proper and spacious.
I very much like the layout of this gym.
I saw it go off once on a guy who grunted in the weights area.
The whole shtick is that this isn't a gym, it is planet fitness.
Great gym great staff.
Nicest gym i've been to, both on and off base.
I'm a runner and was looking for a place to take some cross-training classes without paying an expensive membership fee.
This is a great gym!
It has the best trainers in town.
This gym is clean, has friendly staff, and over all nice facilities.
Unfortunately, i am relatively under-whelmed by the gym itself and the facility.
Because of this, i have to dock the gym.
In addition, for the price i am paying, i would hope that the gym would stagger the classes better.
I have been attending this gym now for over a year.
It certainly is a no frills gym and it simply works.
The monthly rates are reasonable in comparison to other gyms.
We found a gym to go back to when we come back in town!
I've tried so many different work out programs and gyms but this has been my favorite.
This gym is great!
For the size of the gym and as many people that work out here this gym is extremely clean.
It is also very easy to notice this gym is extremely well managed.
Lastly there is great amount of cardio equipment and free weights area.
This mobility class is not offered at many other gyms and it's such a practical class that every athlete needs.
The village is not just a gym...it's a lifestyle.
You can go and just do weights and cardio in the extensive weight room and cardio room.
They have tons of free weights and machines and then even more cardio equipment.
Even during the busiest times at the gym i've never seen machines filled like i have seen at other places.
The yoga room is beautiful, calming, relaxing and not out in the open like many other gyms.
There are hikes, running groups, weight loss competitions and non-exercise related activities, like casino night.
I love the village and i am not a "gym-rat" type person at all.
That is the original reason, however this gym is becoming our favorite.
At the tempe location i have to muscle my way to the trx that is located on the "jungle gym".
This gym also has the sauna in the locker room, which is quite nice.
Anyway i think that is a better location for the room than at the other gym.
This gym is quiet compared to the other gym too.
It has all the equipment the other gym does for weights and cardio.
Good gym and the price is good as well.
So much weightlifting history here!
Its easy to adjust the workout intensity to accommodate your fitness goals.
Just moved to the area and changed our anytime fitness membership to the this location.
The gym is extremely clean and all if the equipment is in excellent condition.
Very happy to be joining the fitness family!
I've never felt comfortable in a gym until i went here!
My wife bought me a gift certificate approximately two years ago to go and find a trainer.
After looking online in my area, i choose to try tony rice fitness, now team forty-four fitness.
Fitness and exercise have been a part of my life since i was very little.
I have been a member with lifetime fitness for over 10 years in detroit michigan.
Please recommend a cleaner gym...gold's?
Nomad krav maga is a great place to train.
Great trainers who are always working hard to make sure you get the best workout.
All around great gym!!
If you are looking for a trainer, i recommend dave!
Usually i don't stick with any type of gym or workout.
I highly recommend training here!
There are two levels containing every weight lifting and cardio machine imaginable.
Before hating ("why go to the gym if you're going to valet omg!
Parents can park in front of the gym, drop their kids off for three hours, and get their swole one.
The gym rate is also low.
This gym is highly recommended, as i'm a gym rat who has been around.
My friend and his wife are fitness competitors, and they train their with their pro bodybuilding personal trainer.
Anyone who has a clue about gyms is cool on this place.
I changed gyms, coming from lifetime fitness to 24 hour fitness via costco membership deal that they have on line.
They have circuit training, treadmills, bikes, ab machines, and they have classes which i have not experienced.
The gym is pretty basic.
Have used the training services with roy and he got me back on track.
The "cardio" portion consists of a step.
Gym goers are not creepy.
I dreaded going to my old gym, but actually look forward to working out now.
So impressed with the gym.
This is not my home gym, i am traveling for work and have been coming here for 2 weeks.
This location is actually much better than the don mills signature la fitness.
This gym is much cleaner than the co-ed gyms in town.
This gym has everything...group exercise studio, weights and all sorts of machines.
However, that also means that this can never be a 24-hour gym.
The stowe ymca is a pretty good gym overall.
They've got plenty of cardio equipment including the usual suspects of ellipticals, treadmills, stationary cycles, stair steppers, and rowing machines.
The cardio room is too small for the number of machines they have, and kind of gross.
Looking for cardio, strength training, endurance, and overall challenge in your workout well this has it all.
The gym is well-kept, equipment does what it needs to (except maybe one treadmill not working, but what gym doesn't?
I also met steve and their gorgeous dog in the gym once.
The coaches respond quickly to your inquiry and will set up 3 "on ramp" sessions for basic movement training.
The workouts are a good mix of strength and cardio, and the coaches monitor and correct proper form.
I'm not much of a 2nd floor user of this gym ( the weight/cardio machines etc) , i play squash.
In the las vegas area,  if you want to play squash,  or learn how to play,  this is your gym.
They also have indoor basketball courts, badminton, tennis courts, weight room, pool hall and workout rooms.
I love this gym.
I go to this gym around 6pm and there is always parking.
Pros: this gym has all of your basic gym needs plus a trx training zone.
The gym is typically always filled with people throughout the day, but not to the brim -- which is great.
There are also trainer available for you for sessions or if you have any questions about equipment.
I recommend this gym because of its basic amenities and the pricing is great when there are promos available!
I'm dissatisfied with my current gym (i won't name names...) and decided to check out mountainside.
This facility blows my current gym out of the water!
Every part of this gym was impressive.
My current gym has both but i don't use either, so their absence isn't a big deal to me.
This is a great workout and the trainers and owners are fantastic and heavily involved guiding people.
One of the only gym's that i have been to where the other members will randomly encourage you.
At first glance average broz gymnasium may seem intimidating.
He pours his heart and soul into his gym and it shows.
Uprising has set the bar on fitness studios in the area.
I have found the first visit to many local fitness studios to be an intimidating experience.
Not only has my body drastically changed but i've gained strength, lost inches and increased my cardio endurance.
Mountainside fitness is an amazing gym!
In my opinion, mountainside fitness adds more to the quality of my life than i pay in membership fees--way more.
Today was my birthday and i made sure to visit moutainside fitness to make my day the best possible.
The esthetic quality of this gym is outstanding.
Cleanliness is a must for me, especially at a gym, and mountainside fitness is kept impeccably clean and orderly.
Mountainside fitness is filled with pleasant people at all levels.
The staff at mountainside fitness continually interact with members in a positive and upbeat way.
They are full of positive energy, which makes going to the gym a pleasurable experience.
He is always working hard to keep mountainside fitness the exceptional place it is.
This is the typical atmosphere produced by staff at this gym without exception.
Mountainside fitness is simply a superior place in all aspects.
Finally a workout that is more than just lifting weights.
Reminds me of off-season training in high school football.
I got matched with a trainer, steven, and started up twice a week (which is very affordable by the way).
From the first session i knew the quality and attention the trainers and owners pay to each and every client.
Super recommend this gym!
This, my friends, is my kind of gym.
I have one free personal trainer meeting next week as part of my new membership.
The trainer sets up a fitness program with new members.
They also offer a gym, sauna, nice bathroom and locker room and i believe they have showers as well.
The gym is a family gym and i actually like the fact that it is a family gym.
I feel that the gym is really trying to bring the community together.
They even have a commitment day 5k coming up on 1.1.13 to recommit fitness and healthy living.
What gym have you been to that you can say the same for?
In terms of the gym itself, its clean, well organized, with friendly staff.
The only thing the gym lacks is free wifi for members.
I am even trying new fitness  routines i never imagined i would do (the gravity workout is amazing).
Twisted fitness is the greater madison, wi premier mixed martial arts studio.
They also have a yoga program and various fitness classes like crunch time and boot camp.
In addition to coaching, she also run her massage clinic at twisted fitness.
I have a new membership to this gym.
It is by far the best gym in pittburgh in my opinion.
They have a cross fit area, weight bad for boxing,  pool, jacuzzi,  spin room, basketball, racquetball,  indoor track!
I dont have to worry about child care and my daughter loves my gym just as much as i do.
No more gym bouncing 4 me!
I loved this place as golds gym but eos has made it a difficult transition.
Now i get my training that i pay for and with one of the best trainers there.
If it wasn't for d. campbell i would have canceled training and membership.
Other than that, we have the hottest people at our gym.
The gym is small, but there's enough room for your work out if (i imagine) it's not busy.
The equipment is great, the cardio theater with 3 tv screens is a nice touch.
What i like the most about this gym is that it's really down to earth.
Looking forward to training there the next week and a half.
Cleanest gym i've ever stepped into.
My husband and i have been working out at infinity fitness for several years.
Great sense of camaraderie at this gym.
Have only belonged to a couple of other gyms, so there's little basis in my experiential past for comparisons here.
That said, ua is my first gym-chain  experience, so i'm easily impressed with the size of this place!
I am a global gym traveler / athlete, and love great gyms.
I originally moved to vegas to do two things, fulfill my college's internship program and train grappling competitively.
The training is fairly equitable between gi and nogi, allowing you to shop your own preference.
It's cheaper than any other gym around my area and it's operating hours are mostly accommodating.
I'll always be a lvac girl but this gym isn't too shabby.
What stood out most to me was the cardio cinema.
Whoever thought of cardio cinema is a genius.
Second floor is mainly treadmills, ellipticals, stair masters, bikes, and rooms for fitness classes.
Weights galore, basketball court and the pool which always looks like it isn't getting much use.
Similar to most gyms, it's pretty busy during the evenings and sadly that's usually the only time i can go.
More notable mentions, most gym goers seem to follow the rules as far as towels and wiping off equipment.
Overall this gym could use some updating but there's no doubt it gets the job done.
Every time i leave this gym i'm dripping sweat & in desperate need of a shower.
I instantly felt very welcomed by all of the owners  & trainers.
I love my new fitness home!
This gym is always very clean and the equipment is fixed in a timely fashion.
Staff is always super friendly especially when it comes to other locations and gyms i have gone to.
Energy fitness was kind enough to transfer my membership after blast went under last summer.
This place is huge with lots of equipment and personal tv's affixed to about 2/3 of the cardio equipment.
For the past 6 or 7 years, my workout consisted of running and cross training.
I was pretty happy in my "running bubble", as well as hitting the gym by myself.
I can't imagine ever returning to a "normal" gym-the results and comradery can't be beat!
Always a cardio machine open for use and love that they have a "womens only" weight area.
I would recommend this gym, the classes are great!
Best powerlifting gym in az.
I've trained in gyms since 1992 in ca and az.
Tim sparks is also featured in 2016 muscle & fitness magazine.
Tim and die hard gym are legit!!
Several npc athletes earned their ifbb pro cards training out of die hard gym.
Michale is the best personal trainer i've had by far.
If you need a well trained professional at a great price, you definitely need to contact the bodyshop.
It's rare to find a niche gym that has great people and ownership that just "gets" it.
They were amazingly receptive to the type of training i wanted to do.
If you are serious about working out this is the gym you want.
All levels of training are welcomed.
I have been a member for three years and highly recommend this old style gym.
I moved to vegas about 9 months ago and was looking for a new bjj gym.
There are a lot of big name gyms out there to choose from so i had to do some homework.
But i did some research online and spoke to some friends that trained in vegas.
The instructor, sim go, has a real welcoming, laid back atmosphere in the gym.
I've trained at several schools now and that's a rare thing to see.
The gym is safe, respectful and fun!
Sim go (the gym owner and black belt instructor) is kind, thoughtful and easy to learn from.
If you wish to compete, this school trains exceptionally skilled people.
The trainers are fantastic and really help you with whatever you want to work on.
I recommend this to anyone at any level of fitness.
I participate in the warrior fitness kickboxing class here and absolutely love it.
Without a doubt this is the best boxing gym in arizona.
It's a nice little gym with everything you need: squat racks, bench press, dumbbells, cardio equipment, abs machines, etc.
Got a great workout in with the abundance of cardiovascular equipment and free weights.
The use of hammer strength and life fitness equipment are a great mix.
I love my gym.
Let's just say that i'm so glad i picked irongloves and i can't imagine boxing at any other gym!
This is the gym close to my house so it is the best pick for my gym.
There are different monthly/bimonthly committed or non commital packages to suit your gym needs.
Bodytech does offer personal trainers in which i have seen very creative workouts with their clients.
Card to get on base and use this facility, the gym has everything!
Either way, it's the best gym whether on or off base.
I wish each air force base had a gym like this:o)
I am honestly surprised that this gym doesn't get higher ratings.
The trainers are energetic and always changing up the routines.
I go to this gym solely for pilates.
In fact, i signed up with this gym just to attend his classes; he whips my butt into shape.
I have a home gym that i use most of the time but it was great to switch it up!
After researching many gyms and fitness centers in my area with no success.
I decided to join top gun fitness even though i have to travel 20 something miles one way.
The reason i chose top gun fitness is that their prices are very competitive for all they have to offer.
I have been training with scott sims and have lost 30 lbs.
Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a great place to train.
He answered all of our questions and we found our new gym for life!
First off, inside training staff is top notch!
Planet fitness fits my needs perfectly.
I discovered team 44 fitness while going to an introductory yoga class next door at metta yoga.
I spoke with tony and decided to sign up for some personal training sessions (he also does small group sessions).
His studio is very inviting- not your typical gym full of weight machines.
As a testament i just signed up my dad and wife for some personal training with tony also.
Tony and team 44 fitness gets my highest rating!
I have been training here for about 6 months with jeff cymbalski.
He is an amazing trainer!
Everyone that trains there has a very positive energetic vibe!
It's a true neighbourhood gym, not a downtown generic    "goodlife fitness" place.
Relaxed with a big downstairs heavy weight area.
One of those rare fitness places where you don't have to worry about wearing good stuff.
Both mentally and physically, training 2-3 times a week has been great for me.
This gym is pretty great!
When you sign up you get 12 free guest passes and a free personal training session.
It's a good gym without it being pricey.
I like precor machines and  they have life fitness machines.
I walked into this planet fitness and was impressed with what i saw.
Rows upon rows of cardio machines, various weight machines, free weights, all brand spankin' new.
There are 2 different memberships, both very reasonable and lower than the cost of a typical gym membership.
I'm a gym junkie and used this app to find a place because the hotel gym didn't cut it.
Wish my home gym was like it
I've been training with pete  for a year now and it's been great.
Overall, a good guy with a great atmosphere at his gym.
The atmosphere is fun in this gritty gym with no "meat heads" that can make some uncomfortable.
I do cardio and circuit training in conjunction with pure barre.
I strongly recommend all fitness types man or woman to add this to your lifestyle.
I have been to many gyms and workout places and this one is by far the best!
I have been working out at eos (formally gold's gym) for just over four years.
In that time period i have lost a substantial amount of weight (approximately 140 pounds).
Conroy, one of the personal trainers, has been instrumental in helping me stay motivated on my fitness journey.
If you are looking for a personal trainer who knows his stuff and holds you accountable, i highly recommend kyle.
Despite space constraints, energia offers good value, and gives off a nice feeling of elegance and proportion.
Nice, clean, lots of classes and machines, friendly people at front desk, friendly people in the gym, a cool atmosphere.
It's not a big gym, but if you're looking for something affordable, i would highly recommend it.
This gym provides a good balance between equipment and amenities.
Planet fitness, however, provides only light weights, which makes it more difficult for men (and women!)
They welcome people of all fitness levels and they provide a good mix of equipment as well.
I've been a member for only 2 weeks at this gym, and i love it!
But the classes overall are acceptable for a gym.
You can't have a gym like this without great leadership.
I've only trained in gi jiu jitsu.
Wish i had more time to train while on vacation.
Each lvac gym has their own personality however.
Take a tour of the gym you would be using and make sure that this is the gym for you.
This is the king of the gym's!
It's enormous and they have almost everything you are looking for in a gym.
They have plenty of trainers but you don't even need to hire a private trainer unless you want to.
You can even do your own mini triathlon in the gym.
I don't feel claustrophobic inside the gym.
The price is worth it and it's pretty reasonable for a gym like that.
I have been going to this gym for a few years now.
Staff and trainers are great.
Mindy stands by the weights at the end of class, making sure she meets everyone.
I love coming here & there's always positive vibes whenever i'm at the gym.
Twisted fitness - it's where you go for top notch martial arts training.
Very professional people at the front desk and around the gym.
We have free access to this gym by staying at the neighboring hotel.
Best gym i've ever got to use on a road trip.
As for gyms being crowded from 5-7pm, are you people also surprised by the january new year's resolution crowd?
I'm so glad i tried it, and even more glad this is the gym i tried!
They teach you form and don't push weight on you until you have it right, which is important.
Great trainers and killer training partners.
Nothing but respect for the gym and fighters.
Great gym if you're looking for newer equipment at a reasonable price.
Special shoutout to nigel for keeping the whole gym spotless and squeaky clean.
Contrary to popular belief, the village is not an expensive gym.
Even the yoga teachers are top notch, which is unusual  for a "gym".
The weight room is adequate.
Overall much better than la fitness.
For the positive, great gym!
The gym is pretty clean for the most part.
Not only does gold's work with your total fitness regime, however, they provide nutrition guidance.
(my last membership was with la fitness, so i know the questions to ask).
But i must say the classic gym look and vibe is great.
That's a plus for weightlifting in my book.
From the free weights to the curl bars.
I'm not sure how i feel about  the layout of the gym... it's a love/hate thing for me.
Nice people working here, the gym is clean enough, and the class offerings are decent with decent instructors.
I wish there were more weight lifting benches and stair machines.
Once we get moved in i'll be able to update this & review the pool, fitness center & etc.
Michael is a great trainer who is also personable and willing to help anyone out with their fitness goals.
His gym is a no-frills shop that will get the job done.
Wanted to find a gym close to home, quickly accessible and affordable.
I love this gym!!!
The main reason that i switched gyms was child care.
The classes at this gym are great.
There are tons of cardio machines.
Best gym in vegas.
I don't understand why gyms play music.
They gave me the best rate in the area, and even gave me a free training session.
If you're interested in a no-frills gym, then trainers is your place!
Definitely not as pretty and shiny as a goodlife gym, but i'm very okay with that.
Trainers has more of a community feel.
Nice gym compared to other ones they have around town.
I do miss my trainer jordan.
The flamingo gym is a lot better it's a little bigger my favorite lv ac gym!
If you are looking for a gym that offers everything then fit republic is your place!
Inside there is a decent gym with lots of cardio equipment, free weights, and cross training machines.
I prefer this side of the gym versus the machine side of the gym.
I can not say enough great things about the little gym.
Mariha at mint body is a fantastic trainer who has helped me get back on a path to wellness.
I'd tried trainers at large gyms but never felt like they really listened to my goals and needs.
I love training at mint body because it is a comfortable and friendly place to work out.
I'm more willing to challenge myself and try new things in the "boutique" gym setting that mint body provides.
I live in desert ridge and pass two other la fitness locations to come to this one on shea.
The best gym in an air force base!!!
They have a lot of new equipments and  plenty of cardio machines.
The place is super clean as well and plenty of disinfectant bottles spread around the gym.
My trainer tiffany hakes is very good and i enjoy both her group and personal training sessions.
Thanks to her i am a regular for mt workouts and hate to miss gym.
I am seriously impressed with how nice this airport gym is.
This gym has everything!
3 stories and more than enough equipment, there is also a women's only section and a cardio theatre.
Best gym in town!!
I love this gym!
Similar to la fitness, they disclose the price and how to cancel memberships in the fine print.
This is your old school "questions your insanity" hardwore gym!
This gym is definitely a very good gym.
They have a wonderful section for cross training in the inside of the gym and the outside.
For about 20 bucks a month this gym has everything i need and look for in a good gym.
Through their approach, i've learned how to eat so i can get the biggest benefit possible in the gym.
I have made life long friends and feel like i'm home when i walk into the gym.
The program is something like high intensity circuit training.
We've only been here twice for "open gym" but so far so good!
This is by far the best gym that i went too!
I will definitely recommend this gym to everyone!
There are many good athletic clubs / gyms to chose from in the valley.
This is hands down the cleanest and nicest gym i have been to.
Every gym i have been to has either been dirty or the equipment is all broken.
I've been coming to this planet fitness for about four years now.
This is the best gym you could ever join - it's basically a country club without the links and pretentiousness.
I have been training with tiffany for the past month or a little over and she has been amazing!
I came in knowing nothing about weight lifting and my goal was to gain muscle and lose a few pounds.
Every time i train with her i notice that she pushes me further and i can actually do it!!
Like the weight room better off of 95.
Brian cantino is the best trainer ever.
Only thing that i miss from lifetime fitness is the rock climbing wall and outdoor pool.
Great gym and culture!
Absolutely one of the best places to train hands down.
I felt very fortunate to be able to train here for one week it was definitely a memorable experience.
Do yourself a favour if your in las vegas and looking to train bjj.
I love la fitness!
Usually im skeptical of trainers but the staff here are super nice and not pushy.
He was super professional and trained me super hard!
The reason being ben, the general manager, was able to sign me up with an amazing trainer, roy.
Ben made me feel comfortable and helped us pick out a training package that worked for me.
His customer service & professionalism was a great representation of the gym as a whole.
I knew i would make my goals from the first time i was trained by roy.
I highly recommend him as a trainer and this gym!
Funny that this gym doesn't have higher reviews because i love it!
Great equipment,  clean facility, friendly staff, good management and the best trainers!
D campbell is one of the trainers and also facilitates a number of the classes.
The gym offers tanning, and guest privileges at a nominal fee and membership is only $9.95.
Once we were inside, we were blown away by what this la fitness had to offer.
As far as design and amenities, i'd wish that this were my home gym.
I've been using this gym for about 3 months now and love it.
Very professional people at the front desk and around the gym.
If you are looking for a good gym eos fitness is the gym go seen ben tell him stephen burton
I love this gym!
This gym is located on 215 and flamingo open 24/7.
I love their free classes, just wished they had classes for yoga and cardio classes after 4pm.
There are pool/spa, small cafe, and lots of machines to choose from like treadmills, free weights, ellipticals etc.
I also noticed that there are lots of personal trainer available.
Especially in the gym for women.
Have to get in around 5 to get mirror and weight space, which i am totally fine with.
This is a nice new gym.
Lots n lots of cardio machines, a squash court, basketball court and narrow small pool.
Also some weights, exercise balls and some machines which seem to focus mainly on upper body and some legs.
I recommend this gym.
This is by far the nicest afb gym i've been to, by no means is it my favorite.
I challenge them to use the maximum weight of any dumbbells or machines in this gym.
They all have tvs built in with basic cable to distract you from your boring cardio.
They do have some equipment like medicine balls, kettle weights, and the big inflatable exercise balls.
They offer hand sanitizer as well, which is nice at a place like a gym where everyone is touching everything.
Overall, this is a good gym.
This la fitness is one of the nicest la fitness is that i've been to an all of arizona.
La fitness is a well-known fitness center with a great quality and great employees.
I would pick ellie fitness over every other fitness.
It's everything you want inside a fitness center.
Still need to try a fitness class, but just the gym equipment is perfect.
24 hour gym with a 24 hour juice bar.
Couldn't ask for a better gym!
Getting my gym flow back in gear!
Seeing my yelp history is basically a paper trail on why my ass needs to be back in the gym.
Quite simply the best gym for the value i've ever been to.
Twisted fitness is a special place.
Since then this school/gym has become one of the most important aspects of my life.
Twisted has challenged and pushed me in ways not comparable to any gym i previously attended.
I've been a part of this gym since last fall.
I wanted to kick it up a notch, so i started personal training with ryan.
Fully equipped gym with little facilities (no steam room etc).
Love this gym but not a great look for this lady.
This is a no frills type of gym.
The gym is hardly packed, so it's not usually an issue.
This gym definitely is targeted towards the older crowd or men who like their weights.
The training here is very unique and every class is different.
The classes are awesome and as hard as you train you always feel challenged.
Pretty sure this happens at every gym.
I've tried multiple gyms and group exercise classes and always lost interest after a few times.
The pit and the trainers here are amazing.
There's no way you could get this type of workout and conditioning in the globo gym you go to now.
My favorite thing about this location is the wall full of fun fitness facts!
I would pay him to train me online but can't get in touch with him.
Crossfit atp is a fantastic gym in the heart of plaza midwood.
The gym has two separate single person showers and two separate bathrooms.
I've been going to this gym for about eight months now.
We recently switched to this gym from another mesa gym and are so pleased with diamondback gymnastics.
The separation between the gym and viewing area is a great safety feature.
My children really enjoy their class and we are so happy that we switched to this gym.
I love this gym!
I was born and raised in henderson and have tried many gyms over my lifetime.
This is my go to gym because of 1) its location 2) its equipment and 3) its friendly staff.
I played collegiate volleyball for usc and used a ton of unique machines and this gym has it all.
There is nothing worse than a gym that doesn't have enough racks or benches, you won't find that here.
All in all, great gym with great stuff and great people.
All of these were great to experience, but it was orange theory fitness that clicked with me.
Emphasis on your own personal best and overall fitness.
If you want an amazing trainer she is the best!!
I loved my gym in kc.
I was so worried i'd never find a gym love again.
El boyfriendo has been a member of this gym for years.
I unfairly had a preconceived notion that gold's = dark weight rooms aaaaand that's it.
And a theatre set with cardio machines if you want to watch a movie while you sweat.
Still a great deal for the amenities, the quality and cleanliness of the gym and the area.
Got to try out this gym with a free guest pass over the weekend.
From the lobby to the change room to the weight room.
The training area is really modern so you don't feel like you're in a prison with weights.
I give this gym a 4 star based on a free workout and what it is as a gym.
State of the art free weight and machine area?
Top shelf cardio equipment?
Highly qualified trainers to help?
Each trainer has their own selection of music also which keeps the overall experience fresh.
The customer service is great and the trainers are very helpful if you have questions.
Currently this studio is on its first year of opening but the istructors are very skilled and well trained.
This gym is super quiet and you can get a workout in peacefully without ever having to wait on equipment.
Unlike most large gyms this place is douchebag free and all the members are pleasant happy people.
Personal trainers are great, always in and out training members and are easily accessible to ask any questions to.
It's a pretty great simple gym, i took it down 1 star for 2 reasons.
The great thing about this gym, other than the price, is that it's pretty simple.
After trying several gyms in and around our neighborhood (24 hour, moutainside)...
The fitness classes are all awesome and i love the variety.
My other gym never did this, so you would have 1 year olds with older kids in one area.
Best gym by far in the west coast.
Always plenty of weights and cardio machines available
The trainers will accommodate for any injuries and are there to give you a 1 on 1 feel.
The trainers fit you into a round as soon as you get there.
Huge place, friendly trainers.
Most importantly it's a great workout that gives me the results i'm looking for...weight loss & a toned/fit physique.
I've gotten better results in 6 months than i got from years of working out in a traditional gym.
When i was leaving the gym all the managers and personal trainers waived bye to everyone.
Brief overview: this is one of the longest running gyms in las vegas and has over 250,000 members strong.
Pros: - there's lots of treadmills, ellipticals, free weights, and machines to choose from - free aerobic, zumba, etc.
The trainers are willing to work with you, are engaging, and actually care about outcomes.
I did 2 years at this gym, and it's one of the better goodlifes in the area.
It's a smaller gym, with limited weight area and machines, and a not bad cardio area as well.
The most thing i did around this gym were the goodlife classes, this gym offers a wide variety of classes.
The gym is always clean, it gets a bit busy around 5-8pm, as ppl leave work to come and workout.
So selecting a new personal trainer here in the valley of the sun was no small deal for me.
I visited and interviewed at least a dozen facilities and trainers before selecting chris james, the owner of vimtrim.
I've trained with him twice weekly for well over a year now.
I've also occasionally trained with his newest trainer, tyler, who is excellent.
Chris trains his clients in a small but well-equipped gym in the same complex where he has his office.
So, if you're looking for a trainer, don't pass this one up.
Ideally this would be my home gym, however the location currently being close to work is not convenient with home.
Gym might be clean but does not mean the members are.
The cons about la gyms is their lack of wifi and their annoying loud radio music.
Climbmax was our favorite gym when we lived in the area.
A good gym to frequent for sure!
She really can relate to the girls she trains as she was once there herself.
In spite of the different ages and levels of fitness even some world  class athletes he gives me 100% devotion.
Gym is always clean.
It's very beginner friendly for people with at least a slightly below average level of physical fitness.
I signed up to eos gym because a co worker of mine strongly recommended this gym.
I had my free welcome fitness session with sean and he was just amazing.
I very much recommend this gym-- and i've tried them all!
He is a wealth of knowledge and is a great trainer.
The best fitness center in all of las vegas.
I enjoyed my training at strong tigers kempo.
The gym and the locker room are clean and well kept.
I cannot recommend this gym enough.
They also feature personal trainers.
This gym is 100% in my top 10 places in toronto.
Even if i move elsewhere in the city, i would come to the area just for this gym.
I really really enjoyed visiting twisted fitness.
Solid instruction, really great vibe, and lots of very high-level female grapplers to train with.
I highly recommend training here.
I really enjoy this gym.
I run 2-3 times a week really long distances and went regularly enough to the gym.
Had my first personal training session with christian r. he is awesome, made me feel confident, will see him again
In 3+ years of training with him twice a week, i've had a different workout every single time.
Everyone has their own gym agenda!
And for that this gym is great!
- in every gym, you have those thoughtless selfish patrons who never put stuff away, cleans up, etc.
The machines are all brand new as this gym just opened at the beginning of 2014.
If you are serious about fitness without the glam and glitz, this is the place for you.
The trainers are courteous and motivating always pushing you to be better!!
The warm ups are pretty standard, but difficult... lots of planking, stretching, and low impact cardio.
They make it easy to come back instead of finding another gym.
The gym never gets too packed, especially compared to how packed the ones in miami can get.
Honestly a great la fitness
I spent about 50 mins with will who is the new training manager.
I think they do train youngsters but they have to be above a certain age.
This gym is more than it appears to be.
What sets this gym apart from all the others is the people.
The feeling i get from this gym is that it is not for the uncommitted.
I would never find them at a big gym at least---it doesn't suit their personal flair and dedication.
Turns out, the big gyms don't suit my needs either.
I say all of this and i haven't even paid for their personal training sessions yet!
Very well trained, and a joy to work with and throughly explains the entire 'on hold' process.
I'm a pretty frequent gym goer and gold's is an excellent gym.
Would recommend to anyone needing a gym in the neighborhood!
They have added some cardio based classes (pure empower), but if you dislike cardio (who enjoys cardio?!)
By far one of the most organized and cleanly la fitness i've been to.
I signed up for planet fitness and i love it!
:)  the gym is very clean and has all the equipment i personally need.
I have never been a fan of big, intimidating gyms, which is why this location is perfect!
Meets all of my expectations in a gym.
They truly made it a positive experience for me, and i have never felt so welcomed at a gym.
I have been a paying member of this gym for over a year and it has completely changed my life.
I was one of their founding members:)  first of all let me explain this gym, it is not for everyone.
There are 2 personal trainers ( julie & jay) and they are amazing.
You are also given nutrition help and have reviews with gina( manager) or sometimes the trainers.
With this gym being almost at max membership the available time slots are not many.
I prefer to goto gym when it's not as crowded.
The trainers will push you individually to do better every single time.
The gym is always clean and there is plenty of space to change before/after class.
Lifetime fitness spa is a great and friendly place.
Vegas is full of great mma and bjj gyms, but this is the only place i bother with any more!
You just can't beat the training, instruction and environment!
Best gym in the valley.
No times to worry about, just go in for 30 minutes get a good workout and trainers are amazing!
This particular gym is bigger than the anytime fitness on w charleston blvd.
I haven't found myself waiting around for any of the machines or weights as of yet.
I like the extensive storage areas for your jackets and gym bags.
Overall i am pretty satisfied with the gym and personal trainer.
Just went to iron gloves boxing gym.
Spacious and clean gym with a really fun atmosphere.
A little dirty, but over all a really good gym.
The spin room plays movies...its a unique gym with a good set up
I've even brought my family into this gym to sign up.
One of the best mma/crossfit gyms in vegas.
I have to admit i didn't want to sign up with golds gym.
I've always been a 24 hour fitness gal and never wanted to look else where.
Overall i would and have recommended this gym :-)
I love my gym.... but only at certain times of the day.
It's a 2 story gym.
Zumba, hot hula fitness, yoga--- stretching?!
Quick and effective and all the trainers are excellent.
On the hunt for a gym, i explored several options and ended up at lvac.
Most gyms have busy mondays, not something that's a big deal to me.
The cost isn't so bad (former member of lifetime fitness here) for what you get.
Been a member of this gym since before it was finished building.
First floor with women's section, locker rooms, pool, wet/dry sauna, and weight room.
Second floor with machines, track, racketball rooms, and two training rooms for various classes.
And the best trainers in the business are justin v. and roy....great guys.
Hit eos up and get your fitness on!
It's the first concept of its kind (they are owned by mountainside fitness) - strictly a studio gym.
Did a trial run of this gym with a friend who is a member.
Joey, the manager came out and offered to give us a complete show of the gym.
He looked me up and down and said.. "don't worry you'll lose that baby weight before you know it" wtf?!
I'm literally only 10 pounds away from my pre baby weight.
Lets lose this baby weight!
It had man different equipment (jogging, yoga, weights, and lots of machines) everything i need for sure.
Which i chose the guest passes (2 per month), and the personal trainer.
In addition to techniques and form, you get to do realistic training drills to apply the things you learned.
To top things off they have a track at the rear of the gym if you want to jog outside.
The best place for little birdies to take gym!
I would have to agree with grimace on the rating on this gym.
Considering the price you will not find another gym that can beat it.
Great small gym located downtown.
Weightroom is small but has a combination of free weights and machines as well as cardio machines.
This gym is truly a diamond in the rough.
I love this gym!
Clean, modern, new machines,tanning and knowledgeable trainers.
They operate 24 hours a day, like many other gyms in las vegas.
This gym is a great gym for serious lifters and the average bodybuilder.
They do have great classes for beginners and intermediate functional training groups.
Nice , clean and professional gym little busy from 5-7  but for that price can't get better than that .
Tony is a great trainer.
Dago is an amazing trainer!
Lvsp has been the only gym i'll work out at for almost four years!
I started coming to this gym after a few years of not being very active.
Lvsp isn't your average gym, it's really about changing your lifestyle.
I'm new to eos fitness gyms.
I haven't had a gym membership in years (at least 10 years honestly).
The price tag for a personal trainer is expensive.
So i just recently signed up to this  gym about a week ago.
Gus informed me about the offers they have with gym trainers and they take care of you!
Plenty of big and strong dudes and heavy weights aren't too foreign here.
If you're looking for a motivated, hardcore gym i couldn't find a better one in the area.
I've had stretched therapy and personal trainers in the past.
I had my very first personal training session with angela and it was amazing!!
Plus the decor is super cute it's not like any other gym out there.
For the price and the quality equipment, definitely a gym to join!
It doesn't get much better than top gun fitness!
Their trainers are knowledgeable, supportive, and ready to help you attain your personal fitness goals.
The group training classes are a great way to get in shape while having a good time.
Great environment with trainers that know their sh*t. i wouldn't go anywhere else!
I love how it's a different combo of exercises every time you go & mixes strength training with cardio.
Pretty similar to the rainbow and eastern locations, in the fact that it is a massive, two story globo gym.
Other amenities they offer include towel service (surcharge), vip lockers (surcharge), child care (surcharge), and personal training (take a guess.).
I like this gym because it provides all the equipment.
It's a good old school gym.
Other than that, it's a good commercial gym.
Luckily, i stumbled upon universal fitness club, and it made all my dreams come true.
The gym itself is really clean and has a ton of equipment for everyone.
If you want to do cardio, there's a really large cardio room.
There's an entire area of machines for circuit training.
Benches, machines, squat racks, you name it, they also have it in the "main" part of the gym.
If you're in the area, i highly recommend joining this gym.
I really love this gym.
I've been battling my weight most of my life, and i've never had good luck keeping a fitness routine.
However, something about planet fitness has helped me keep my fitness goals.
I was visiting some other gyms because i was interested in classes, but nothing came close to planet fitness.
This is my home gym, and i will continue to visit as long as i can!
Thank you planet fitness for creating the environment i need to get healthy!
Like any other gym that evening crowd will be very heavy.
This place is incredible for beginners to fitness to anyone beyond.
What a great gym.
Infinity fitness has everything you are looking for, when it comes to choosing to a gym to call your home.
First off, the trainers, staff and members are all great to work with and the community is great.
I'm lifting weights and performing movements i could not even perceive doing 3 years ago.
Extreme fitness definitely is one of the premier fitness facilities in the city.
The gym and change rooms are clean and spacious there's always someone cleaning the halls and common areas.
I would highly recommend this gym.
Their way of training to focus on athletic movements will completely change how you approach fitness/working out/exercise.
It's a pretty incredible feeling to walk into a gym and walk out feeling like an athlete again.
The clientele range from high-schoolers, to housewives, families, retirees as well as the serious fitness buffs.
Moved around their equipment and it feels like a new gym.
Trainers is definitely a "no frills" type of gym.
The trainers really push you and motivate you!
I don't like any studio that is too serious or a gym that is more stretching then working out.
I look forward to attending this gym on the regular!
They use resistance band training, light weights, and tiny stability ball for the best total body workout!
Before i moved here i was a member of a local non-chain gym so i warmed to this place quickly.
This gym is much closer to my house then my last gym ( i want say the name).
In fact i see the employees cleaning the cardio equipment frequently and the latrines about every 2 hours or so.
They have an awesome crossfit ( mini ) box area in the middle of the gym.
The free weights area is surrounded by mirrors for those that like to photograph and view their pump lol.
Whether your doing weightlifting, powerlifting, gpp, or wanting to mirin hard then abg it is.
As to the actual classes offered, the variety and instructor experience is much better here than at a stereotypical gym.
The instructors are thoughtful about their classes and well-trained in what they do.
Great gym but always packed.
Would love to have this selection of machines and weights without having to fight the crowds.
Recently rearranged the weight room and i like the new layout.
Downstairs is mostly free weights and a separate women's gym.
Although the gym has only been open for 2 days now, it most definitely hits the mark.
So far so good and looks like this will become my primary gym going forward.
Loved everything about this gym.
The gym also has a room with a bed where you can sleep in.
I just came back to this gym for the first time since then as a guest and wowwww.
Living in other states, there was never quite a gym like this one.
It's like the super target of gyms.
All in all its a decent gym !
This location is ran very well from front desk friendliness, trainers, music, overall vibe etc.
It combines cardio with strength training and a stretch out at the end.
The gym is not large but it has everything i use and nothing i don't use.
I've been to other goodlife gyms before and have been a member at other gyms.
I must say that this is a pretty decent gym.
I find the free-weights area to be well-equipped but it does get tight for space.
The lifefitness machines are all new and great to use.
We've been training here for 5 months and i absolutely love it.
They have brought in new equipment, the cardio theatre always has plenty of machines, and the staff is always great.
My membership fees are worth their weight in gold.
The versatility of this gym and the knowledge of the trainers will definitely give you the gains you're looking for.
Whether you're looking to challenge your cardio, strength or better your technique this is the place.
What are you looking for in fitness?
Male and female trainers.
Prices to work with their professional training staff are incredibly good.
They should charge much more than they do for the quality of training you'll get.
People from all walks of life train there.
I trained there for several years.)
This gym is perfect when your between flights, before or after a flight.
Lifetime fitness is truly a way of life, not just a gym.
My personal trainer emily has been amazing as well.
If you're looking for a gym in the summerlin area this place is worth a trial.
This is a very upscale gym next to red rock casino.
There are plenty of cardio machines, weight machines, free weights, and classes that will fit any interest.
This is probably the best gym i have been to compared to other military fitness centers that i go to.
I have never been to a gym with two floors so it's pretty mind blowing for me.
I look forward to using this fitness center every time i visit.
I've been training at bustedknucle for 2 months.
They work with you in the way that you need to be trained.
Anyway, i would recommend this gym for anybody who is serious about improving their physical and mental health.
Never looking back at my old gym cause this place is just too amazing.
Great cardio circuits and awesome interval/ strength training keeps my body guessing.
If you live within 15-20 minutes of the scottsdale airpark, you've found your gym.
The trainers are awesome, the workouts are balanced and thoughtful...different days, different muscle groups.
Infinity is a great gym, with great coaches.
I have been training with tiffany and have gotten great results immediately!
She has helped with with my strength training and diet.
Grateful for being able to train with her, it being so convenient and enjoyable.
It is a little more expensive than other gyms but i think it is well worth it.
It is pricey, but so are personal trainers and these classes will deliver great results.
Guys in muscle tees, dropping their weights, chugging their protein shakes.
The gym has a price point that keeps the riff raff out (sorry but its true).
I'm so excited to take my fitness to the next level at fit and take the other classes!!!
I recently started to go to planet fitness.
The first thing i noticed about this gym is how clean it is!
Very nice new gym, great views over looking tempe town lake with top of the line cardio equipment.
The trainers are some of the best around.
I can honestly say that justin and raw fitness has completely changed my life.
If you have fitness goals, want to lose weight or just get into shape, this is the place to be!
The first floor is a giant space with ropes, arcade games, and a huge jungle gym.
I really enjoy going to this gym.
Right after i moved i joined a gym close to my house because it was convenient.
I even started working with a trainer.
And a trainer who was too busy on his phone to care about what i was doing!
I'm not a big fitness person but believe in a healthy lifestyle so this place really suited my personality well.
My jaw literally dropped the moment i stepped foot on this fitness center.
I've been to numerous military fitness centers in my short career, and this place blows them all away.
This is not your average af gym for sure!
The best thing about warrior fitness center is they offer several classes (pilates, yoga, spin class, etc.)
There are several weight room areas to choose from.
The club has everything you would need in an upscale gym/club.
There's so much to love about this gym.
Myself,  like many other people liked the old management and trainers, but i think new management is great too.
It's the best workout ever and all the trainers are super knowledgeable and encouraging.
I recently switched gyms from the ymca in lakewood to fitworks rocky river.
For someone who is not the most confident when exercising, i love the darkness and privacy of the cardio theater.
I also received a text from a personal trainer offering me a session.
The first time i've looked forward to going to the gym every day!
This is more a community of bad-ass ladies than just a gym.
Nick, my trainer is amazing!
The jiu jitsu training here is top notch, led by sim go, who himself has proven his expertise in competition.
This is the kind of gym where you will almost instantaneously feel like you're part of a team... a family.
Im really happy with my training at orenda.
The staff is great, the facility is clean, and the trainers really care about you and your progress.
He's also been very flexible with my workouts, allowing me to train according to my schedule.
The gym looks clean and organized.
Next, i want to try their group fitness classes.
Nice gym that is open 24 hours per day.
The gym is packed during 4-7ish usually because that when people are home after work.
This gym effectively changed my perspective of gyms altogether.
My only motivation to go to the gym was my own will to go.
I worried that it being a small gym i'd feel excluded because everyone knew each other.
I feel like i'm getting personalized training from a friend every time i go.
I'd recommend this gym to everyone - it can't hurt to try, and i guarantee you'll be back.
I love that it feels like you have your own personal trainer but at a much better price point.
I have lost 32 lbs in the year since i started here and my fitness level has increased significantly.
The nicest class/studio type gym by a long shot.
It's always clean, unlike some gyms.
The trainers at rise charlotte are top notch.
The best gym i've ever been to for the best price.
Also, locker rooms/restrooms are very clean which is how you know a gym is good.
She is the best trainer.
What can you say about gyms?
I began my jiu-jitsu training at the tender young age of 54.
It is an excellent physical classroom to train in.
Pat the trainer is "wicked awesome " he lets you know the motives of each session.
I like that he isn't a jerk lie some past experiences with trainers .
-- this rare in some gyms it's painful to see the payments options but fitness 19 you can.
Neema is the best trainer i've ever worked with.
Team 44 is a boutique gym focused on individual needs and with a friendly atmosphere.
By far the nicest gym in the area.
No matter what your preferred fitness activity may be this club offers it all.
From the beginner to the advanced you will find what you need to meet your fitness goals.
The staff is friendly and the trainers and instructors are very good.
Serious bodybuilders or those looking for the single scene would probably prefer to go to lvac or golds gym.
My 1 on 1 trainer was tommy.
He's the best boxing coach i've trained with.
A classic crossfit gym with quality coaches.
There's not one thing i could add to improve the gym it seriously has everything.
If you are down to get worked and train hard, this is a place to be.
Has a indoor and outdoor cross training area that's amazing!
I hardly ever went to my regular gym three to four times a week consistently.
I have been working out at mountain side fitness for the last 8 years.
This gym has it all...
Wesley is awesome such a warm, laid back person but he is very knowledgeable about fitness.
And i feel i will definitely have awesome lasting results by attending this fitness gym!!
This gym is perfect.
The cost is very reasonable and the gym is very clean.
The trainers work up close and personal with you and make sure you are doing everything right.
I am so glad i joined eos fitness.
I just moved in to arizona and eos fitness is the highlight of my life.
At a $5:00 sign up fee and $10.00/month everyone can get their butt to the gym!
It's a fraction of what you'd spend on a trainer but with the same efficacy.
Their trainers are very friendly and everyone tries to greet you by name.
I wouldn't want to go to any other gym.
This gym has been going for 30 years, and i can see why.
In addition to standard machines and free weights, this place has ripped!
This series range from mainly cardio, through compound exercises with weights, to mainly heavy weight reps.
This is the best gym i've been to so far.
It is a weight oriented gym, not many machines (as it should be, in my opinion).
Two floors with aerobic upstairs and weights downstairs.
Has a proper gym feel to it and great for lifting weights.
What an amazing gym i love that they have wifi so i can use my pandora without killing my data.
People have all different reasons to train mma.
Mine personally was to take my regular gym routine and functional training methods to another level.
Great gym and great training for the price.
I love eos fitness.
I just finished my first week at this gym and will say i love it.
The gym is clean and the people clean off the machines too.
The weights dont go that heavy so i am just changing it up.
Just doing more resistance training in lieu of the heavy stuff.
Hubby and i checked out several other gyms in pittsburgh before joining ua and we really like it there.
One of my favorite features is the "cardio cinema," a room full of treadmills, elliptical trainers etc.
But for the most part, it is a neat addition to the gym.
I would really recommend looking into this gym if you're on the market!
I recently was introduced to fit republic, for a new wave/era in gym life.
I have to say it's not a gym.
This gym is a great place.
Great trainers and staff!
This gym has help my family and friends achieve their goals!
I am not lying when i say that orange theory fitness has changed my life!
I truly feel i owe my love for running and fitness to otf.
Vibetality fitness is an amazing experience.
It's two stories and looks more like the 24 hour fitness super sport gyms (summerlin and rainbow/alta)-brighter and spacious.
Not a bad gym for the price.
The gym itself needs a face-lift.
Over all it does need a some attention it's not your average gym with all the cardio machines every where.
If your looking for strictly weights and plates this is the gym for you.
If your looking an upscale gym with more cardio then look else where.
Other than that it's a good gym.
There are always open machines, they have a decent weight selection, plenty of cardio equipment.
As just a gym it gets the job done.
Its a stellar gym, i wouldn't go anywhere else.
Rob takes his time to understand your fitness goals and helps you achieve results.
Wether you try the body pump class, personal training or group training... you should try it.
They have a really big area where you can do your cardio.
Also, downstairs they have free weight machines.
The trainers and staff are super nice and engaging and push you to your fullest every round and in between.
I would describe rumble as cardio boxing.
Floor work consisted of bodyweight and weighted work, upper, lower and abs.
They have a lot of machines and a free weight area.
Directly in front of you, once you pass reception is the cardio equipment, surrounded by some of the weight machines.
Standard or some add on features like towel service, kid care, monthly trainer session, racquetball, etc.
Sunday 9:30 am body pump with ingrid, she is by far the best instructor this gym has!
And yes, this gym is located in a suburb with a lot of kids.
I've been shopping around for a full service gym.
The gym is incredible.
Thanks energy... you had me at cardio-theater lounge.
Definitely as good as it gets -- so much more than a gym!!
They have a million treadmills and various cardio machines - at least it seems like it.
My husband and i joined this gym after moving from sd.
The gym is smaller, but has all that you need for a good workout.
I mean it's a gym so i get it but come on...maybe some febreze in the vents..!
I'm so glad i found ds fitness studio.
Without this, forget about losing weight in those stubborn areas.
You can tell they are well trained and are passionate about what they do!
I love this gym!
As far as the rest of the gym, there's plenty of brand new machines.
My daughter has been attending this gym for a bit more than a year and loves it.
$8 a month for a gym membership!
The gym is clean.
The area can be seen as sketchy but you can't tell from the inside of the gym.
My fave equipment is the arc trainer and *joy* there is about 6 or 8 at fit 4 less.
As well as a bunch of ellipticals, treadmills and bikes plus a fully stocked weight training section.
Went here this morning to check out what la fitness did with the place and it really looks great!
I have been a client of scott's training systems since march and i have lost 13% body fat!
I  went to train with will after recovering from acl surgery.
The group fitness classes are small and personable.
Such a great gym!
Personal trainers that are so helpful.
I recently relocated from las vegas to los angels and have to say that  lvac is a freaking awesome gym.
I thought that's what all gyms were like.
Now that i'm at 24hr, i really see how great my old gym was.
This is a large gym with competitive & recreational gymnastics, cheer, and dance.
Uprising is a studio that excels at executing group fitness classes with a personal touch.
Any part of the workout to match your ability and fitness level.
I just became a member here and workout at two different gyms.
+ lots of free weights.
If you're not built like them, using the free weights is a little intimidating.
This gym is definitely not for the average person who's self-conscious.
There are plenty of free weights even at peak hours.
Quite frankly the weight area is too small.
I've seen other crossfit gym complaints and heard about injuries sustained by newer people that had poor guidance.
The fitness classes are top notch with a huge variety and at times that can cater to anyone's schedule.
Absolutely love this gym!
However this gym is great, friendly staff, not crowded and always clean.
:d 5 stars for the usa gym!!!
:) no gym or cheer team could get any better!!!
She is extremely knowledgable in different training styles which allows her to create sessions that fit your needs and wants.
I decided to put my health in the hands of professional trainers, tony, neema, dexter and iris.
Whether it's one on one training or group sessions, these professional trainers pay attention to my personal abilities.
I realize that there are many choices for  training, but i feel i hit the jackpot with team 44.
I drive a little out of the way to go here cause its a really good gym.
I love this gym.
When my boyfriend was going ( gym on hold right now)  the dues were i think $160-ish.
Here is the catch though, it is not your normal gym.
Clientele - it is a gym that you can feel comfortable at.
She motivates you to do your best in the gym and have fun doing it!
She's professional, timely, and very knowledgeable on fitness and nutrition to help anyone in any stage to achieve their goals.
Nice, clean, newish looking gym with good views of the lake.
Staff was friendly, towels are available in the gym and locker rooms.
It is a sixty minute class that focuses on hiit cardio for 30 minutes and weight training the other 30.
I enjoy this gym allot.
I went and checked this place out as i am looking for another gym to join.
Cleanliness- cleanest gym i've ever been to!
But the staff is friendly, the gym is clean, and there is plenty of good equipment for solo workouts.
After checking out several other gyms, lvac has the best price and options.
I love my gym!
Level fitness offers many training opportunities, both mentally and physically, to improve your game.
I have been a part of this gym for 9 months.
A couple months ago, i was offered a free personal training as a 6 month thank you.
My appointment was with ryan, the personal training manager.
I purchased a small package of training.
I was pleased to find out that my trainer was going to be charles.
I recommend this 24 hour fitness 100%.
Every time i go, my trainer changes it up so it's never the same routine.
I mostly do the personal training, but the group classes are fantastic too.
They are very active at the gym and never try to pull rank because they own the place.
Open gym can be packed, particular during bad weather.
The trainers i have had so far have been very helpful and push you to do your best.
I have always worked out at other gyms and this is what i have been looking for.
It's like having your own personal trainer.
The personal trainers are encouraging, supportive and help you make modifications if needed.
Friendly, extremely supportive and genuinely wants you to reach your fitness goals.
The other 2 trainers are also fantastic: ra and alex.
Gym is cozy, spacious and clean.
This gym has two studios that hold two simultaneous classes.
It has a huge collection of weights and a good number of benches for weight exercise.
I work out in a lot of extreme fitness locations but this one and richmond branch are my favourites.
I've gone to several trainers and they all have great work-out.
Nice place.. but the weightroom was really warm.
The cardio.area has some weight machines there.
Most cardio machines have a tv on them.
Previously i worked out with a personal trainer but took some time off after a shoulder injury.
I've researched various gyms and wondered if i would get a challenging workout at curves.
Nicest la fitness i've ever been to.
The gym is clean and seems new.
I wish the la fitness closer to my house was this clean and well maintained.
You won;t find tv screen on each cardio machine here but everything works well.
He definitely understands fitness and is constantly encouraging and helpful.
Love the fact that it smells like a spa in this place and not a sweaty, old gym.
The trainers are friendly and not pushy sales-wise.
This is a great gym!
Want to skip cardio?
The staff are always friendly and attentive even to the early birds like myself that train at 5:30am.
Incredible huge gym, everything is in like new condition, super friendly and very affordable!
Can't imagine there is a better gym in vegas!
This has been my primary gym for just over a year now and i have no plans to look elsewhere!
There are a ton of cardio machines, so i would doubt that you would ever need to wait.
It's a pretty standard 24-hour fitness.
Love, love the little gym!
I barely went a gym at all before crossfit - it was boring, and i didn't know what to do.
We walked into the crossfit upper limit gym on july 20, 2016.
This gym is nothing like i have ever experienced.
This gym is not a place to go if you want to walk on a treadmill and watch the news.
This gym is not a place to grab a smoothie and instagram how great it looks.
This gym is a place to sweat because we work hard.
I am a testament to this gym.
A no frills gym at a reasonable price.
While trainers fitness centre may not have the 'perks' high end gyms offer, you can work out in peace here.
Those problems aren't the norm at trainers fitness centre.
Its an average joe's gym that is conveniently located at bathurst and bloor.
It is small yes, but has everything i need for a great workout including an amazing training staff!!!
I love this gym.
Love this gym !
They have several amenities that you cannot find at any other gym.
Located on nellis air force base, the warrior fitness center is the best gym in las vegas.
The weight area is larger than most gyms and more than adequate space so you don't feel cramped.
Sadly, they do not gear their gym toward families.
Due to these two reasons alone, we got memberships at lifetime fitness.
I will say that we did have an awesome trial experience and the staff and trainers were amazing.
Gym was clean and intimate.
I highly recommend her training services.
Thank you la fitness for finally bringing a great trainer
This is probably my newest favorite gym in town.
Lvac comes with a nice gym, great locker rooms, kids care, and pool use when in season.
At 24 fitness, the staff can be friendly depending on who's there while at lifetime, its a horror story.
The kids care in 24 fitness is horrendous with employees sitting down and not really watching the children.
They did however, enjoy their gymnastics and sports games when time wasn't being sucked up.
And the crazy grouchy old trainer lady has left so now i signed up with a fabulous trainer!
Orangetherory fitness has personal trainers in each class that are motivation and supportive.
The trainers are always open to alter the workouts for your needs and level.
Also, he helped hook me up with nick hunter who is the absolute best personal trainer in the world.
I just want to note that this gym is constantly being cleaned.
I have had memberships at lvac and other gyms in the past, and have never seen anything like it.
Eos fitness is the bomb.
The trainers of vimtrim have been great!
I look forward to continue to work with vimtrim to reach my ultimate fitness goals.
I was here for business travel and this gym was super cool.
I never seen a community of fitness people like this before.
One of my best experiences in a pf gym.
No obnoxious meat heads and the women who weight train?
So far i'm having good experience with kyle.he is an amazing trainer.
Finally, a real gym!
As you enter the floor there is a long row of cardio equipment...treadmills, elliptical and stair steppers.
Now the cool part.....there is a wall that separates the free weights from the machines.
At the end of the day, this is a real gym.
When the gym is not staffed, they use a finger print scanner for members.
-they also a mental fitness class every tuesday which is quite different from most gyms.
Cons -for those people who like cardio equipment, this is not the place for you.
The only cardio equipment they have is a couple of rowing machines.
Also, once all my gym groupons are used up, i'll probably try a few classes here.
I found this studio while researching gyms to go to when visiting scottsdale for the month of january.
All around great gym.
The trainers are approachable and helpful as long as they're not engaged with a client.
But it makes sense, someone is paying for the trainer's time.
I come from a big global gym, yeah you could say they do have more machines.
Even holidays because most gym close so that's a big plus!
Only odd point is the gym attached to the venue.
She is an asset to this gym!
The trainers are so positive and encouraging!
Great hours, very clean gym, never too busy!
Raw is the best gym you could ask for.
With great trainers, personalized nutrition schedules and a fun atmosphere, results will show.
I like this gym because it provides all the equipment.
It's a good old school gym.
Other than that, it's a good commercial gym.
Update: another thing this gym needs is more power bars.
The olympic weight lifting bars.
I have tried so many workouts over the years, weightlifting regimens, running, kickboxing, the list goes on and on.
Lisa is the trainer i've worked with the most here, and she is very encouraging and energetic.
All of the trainers are great.
Pretty good gym overall.
While not bikram, the room was toasty)  this place is definitely fancy.... and the people are definitely gym people.
Raw fitness has a really great and creative way of doing circuit training.
You are free to use more weights if it isn't challenging enough.
Thank you raw fitness!
Which i have gotten in other gyms before.
Why the yellow water in the jacuzzi 24 hr fitness?
Best trainers and gym atmosphere i've ever been a part of.
The performance institute for training and therapy is a unique experience in group fitness.
Being in a group fitness environment like at the p.i.t.t.
I would encourage anyone in a fitness slump, or just looking to mix-it-up a bit, to check out the p.i.t.t.
I really appreciate the friendly and kind staff, and stephanie has been my favorite trainer so far.
Either way lvac definitely beats most gyms i'v been to in the valley.
This is the smallest la fitness gym that i'm aware of here in az.
This was the nicer pure fitness that they acquired years ago and they just recently opened it.
The upside for me is that this is an extra gym in-between the mccormick ranch and the tatum gyms!
I can't believe that i hadn't written a review for my gym!
Tons of cardio equipment, strength training machines, an indoor track, pool, women only area- lvac has it all.
Lots of the cardio equipment even has its own personal tvs with cable and music video channels, which i love.
I have said to many that if athleticism is your lifestyle, lifetime fitness is worth every penny.
Visited while in town on vacation over the holidays and one of the better la fitnesses i've been in.
Locker rooms, pool, group work out and free weights all avaliable.
More than enough treadmills/ellipticals available for cardio.
On the 3rd floor, there's a track as well for running and more cardio related stuff.
A gym i'd go to if i lived in charlotte and less busy than the ymca there.
Also, syndicate gym is super clean and has all the proper equipment.
By far the best strength and conditioning gym in las vegas.
The gym is about the best you, and how to make you better in all aspects of fitness.
I live rather close to trainers fitness.
My membership is 45 a month and includes all of the classes you expect from a goodlife or extreme fitness.
This gym ain't modern.
The best part of the gym is that it's relatively empty at all hours before the after-work rush.
Even then, you'll have weights readily available.
For me, the weight room (located in the basement) is one of the largest i've seen.
The worst part is probably the old cardio equipment, the attached entertainment centre, and the showers.
But for the price and weight room, this is a great gym.
It's time to get my fat ass in the gym.
This is a commitment to my daily fitness routine that i can maintain.
My neighborhood gym, but 20 minutes away from where i live.
That is the only thing i don't like about this gym; it is too far away!
Even during rush hour,  i can always find a machine to do my cardio work out.
I absolutely love la fitness!
If you are around this area i definitely recommend coming and training here.
I am excited for him to continue at usa gymnastics and further his skills!
Personal trainers, different specialties so please know your own body strengths and limitations to avoid injury, as always.
Every weight or cardio machine you'd want to use...available for you to use.
The gym is extremely clean and always stocked with fresh towels on every floor that you would need them.
Their group fitness classes are great.
They are also always early...which i can't say the same about most fitness classes at other gyms in vegas...
The best gym i have ever belonged to.
I will never go back to la fitness.
Lots of hotties go to this gym too which is a plus.
I've been to this gym for a good week or two.and i'm enjoying it so far.
As far as gyms go, there is not much better.
My kids have been training here for about 8 months and my family loves it here.
That being said, the advantages of this gym are that people here are serious about working out.
I hate attending gyms where everyone is weak.
But, it's one of the best lvac gyms in vegas, and it's super cheap too.
It's a good small local fitness facility.
If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.
The only knock that i have on the gym is the size of the weight room.
The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.
This a great place to train.
Great training with very technical instruction.
This is a gym, the way it's supposed to be.
This workout provides strength training, long lean muscles and wonderful posture.
This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages, shapes and fitness levels.
This is more like a resort than a gym...
I love this gym.
Hands down best trainer i've had in my gym life is ben.
Go in and ask for him if you want training.
I travel an hour round trip daily because i prefer this gym above all.
I am very happy with this gym.
I am overweight and i feel very comfortable here.
Anytime fitness charges $15 a month on top of a $30 a month membership.
We love this gym.
I love coming to this gym!
The coach (jake) evaluates your strength and level of fitness and pushes you just right.
Everyone i step into this gym, the people there make you feel like they are happy to see you.
I got a very good first impression of planet fitness.
All the weights and equipment seemed new and clean.
Purple also happens to be my favorite color, and there is lots of it at this gym!
The hydro massage tables were also nice to use after a weight lifting workout.
I wish there was one of these gyms in downtown madison!
This gym was formerly named golds gym.
This gym is great for the price.
I went here for a year and a half, when i moved across town i switched gyms.
The manager, jessica, is really friendly, and the gym is never overly-crowded (unlike the lvac up the street.)
This gym is  the most incredible base gym i've been to!
So much that i cancelled my gym membership and now i just head over here after work.
Excellent atmosphere, truly personalized fitness and nutrition.
He was helpful with both registering and showing me the way around the gym.
I use yelp for most things, but i find reviews of gyms are mostly pretty useless.
That said, i love this gym.
I have been working out at raw fitness for over 2 years now and have lost 30+ pounds.
Exercising at this level can seem intimidating at first, but modifications can be made at any fitness level.
The staff and trainers are so supportive and help you achieve your goals.
They have a separate gym area, which is great to utilize after one of their classes.
Such a great community for fitness and motivation.
Anna made sure we were using the weights properly, i really appreciated that!
I didn't commit to one yet, as i am already a member at a gym.
The trainers are friendly, the classes are intense and always seem to be a little bit different.
The music,  trainers and staff are awesome.
Excellent childcare at this gym!
I used to go here 15 years ago when it was golds gym.
This is also why i like this gym.
I go to lift weight andwork hard.
That being said, everyone is polite and friendly and willing to help at this gym.
While at la fitness, i had a complimentary personal training with riley.
I never had a personal training experience, so i didn't know what to expect.
He gave me pointers and advice while training me to give the best work out possible.
Great gym for the price, it can't be beat!
These trainers get to know each person in their class.
This gym is perfect!
They have plenty of free weights for my husband and plenty of cardio machines for myself.
The gym is clean and never over crowded.
My favorite gym hands down!
It provides anything you could ever want in a gym.
Great concept and great gym!
Basically 2 personal trainers for $69.99 a month!
I belong to another gym, but i couldn't afford training there.
I called fitness 19 and spoke to eric.
Eric is just as kind in person, and my trainer, robbie, is just as amazing.
If you want excellent training, but need something affordable, this is an excellent option.
I travel 30+ minutes each way to get my training in but it's really worth it.
This is a great gym.
Parking can suck, but hey your going to the gym so what's a little walking right?
Yes people it's a gym!
If you want seclusion either go late at nights or find a gym that gives you more space.
In the past i've worked with a few personal trainers, but will is the best one ever.
We love the gym.
Surfset classes allow you to work on your core, strength and cardio while using a wobbly surfboard.
Think more country club that gym.
Climb-max is a great gym period.
Staff is good, gym is clean, decent prices for membership.
I've been at this gym for more than a year and i've been pleased with it.
The gym is big with a basketball court, racquet ball and a large movie theater type treadmill room.
All in all, a very good gym
Originally joined so i could work out when i was traveling, but converting this to my primary gym.
Full set cardio and lifting equipment, friendly people around- most of em u see every day.
Pool, cardio at the movie theater, great equipment, ladies room where you can do your own girl!
I take kickbox cardio and yoga classes!
* if your in the gym and want to workout with someone, tag me ;-)
This isn't going to be a long review...just wanted to say the service at this golds gym is awesome!
Also, the pool is open 24/7, so i can get my cardio in without running :)
This is hands down the best gym in the city for serious lifters.
Good atmosphere and big selection of free weights.
Ive been going to this gym for 5 years.
The gym always seems clean which is of huge importance to me.
The new-ish grass area is great for functional training.
Also, the gym is pretty good for crowdedness, especially compared to the other locations.
Hope you enjoy this gym just as much as we do.
In terms of the trainers, as i mentioned, victoria instructed my first class and she was incredible.
There are plenty of weights, balls, mats, and bands so there's no need to bring your own.
I have trained at many martial arts schools but this is my home!
If you have, then you know what globo gym is.
This lvac is the what they would have based globo gym after.
Lvac is large and is a beauitful, clean, and well maintained gym.
There is an advanced training room (the beefcake room as i like to call it).
There is a seperate co-ed weight room (downstairs there is the women's only gym) and two large class rooms.
Best gym in town and cannot beat the price.
They have their own laundry service to clean your gym clothes.
The cardio machines have little headphone jacks that let you tune into the sound on the tvs.
Love this place and the trainers are amazing!
This neighborhood fitness location is great.
This is one of the 2 closest 24 hr fitness gyms near my house.
This gym has the standard fare ellipticals, steppers, treadmills, bikes, etc.
Plus: this one does have a core machine that most of the 24 hr fitness' dont.
I love this gym.
Overall this gym has a family environment that's very comfortable for everyone.
It's a gym that suits everyone's athletic needs.
We don't have to pay for trx classes at my gym at home, but apparently it's a new class here.
When we first checked in they told us the class was taking place on the rooftop of the gym.
The rest of the gym was absolutely packed.
There were very few pieces of cardio equipment empty.
I have been at this gym now for 2 weeks and i cannot say a bad thing about the place.
Everyone at the gym is willing to help teach you along the way to get you better.
Weights, like they should be lifted.
Staff is friendly, gym-goers are friendly, and there's something about this place that makes it feel like home.
I did pay for a gym membership for a year though.
I've been going to this gym for about 6 weeks, 3/4 times a week.
And, there are people here of all ages and fitness levels.
Best exercise:  pushing the weight sled.
I have been to many gyms and this gym is as good as it gets.
We've been training with ian here for over 6 months so far and highly recommend both the gym and ian.
Don't expect anything like a big-box gym experience - this is a performance training facility focussed on results!
Ideal for athletes or former athletes but also is accessible with top-quality training for desk jockeys too.
It never smells like a sweaty dirty gym, nor does it look like one!
Overall, this is a great gym, especially for the price.
Most of the members have been here for 4+ years, not sure any other gyms in charlotte can match that.
La fitness on shea has good equipment, and it's never too busy.
Still, it's a good gym and the staff is friendly.
This gym has helped my overall fitness and i've improved my time when i run half-marathons.
Highly encourage anyone interested in exploring crossfit to give this gym a try!
The personal trainers are down to earth and get the job done.
It's a gym that makes you feel like family and really puts attention into your needs.
I've never been around a gym that values the education of their staff as much as cholla.
These people are *serious* about their fitness, and it shows.
This is a big gym, and it seems like they have good facilities and whatnot.
The first time i walked into this gym, the woman at the counter greeted me with a warm smile.
That was a nice change from another gym in the area!
This gym seems really clean, and right now it's still pretty empty.
People of all levels of physical fitness also attend.
Urban active is basically the ben stillers globo gym from dodgeball.
They keep the gym clean and have lots of equipment!
This gym is located on the second floor of loblaws, across from the cooking classroom.
There's the cardio section, free weights, and assisted weight machines, a studio and even a trx section.
It's never busy but it's good that this gym knows women are about the booty gain!
Through the training and coaching i received at sol, my knee was actually rehabbed completely.
I was a college athlete and wish i would've had crossfit training while i was competing back then.
I highly recommend this gym to any one.
Been a member of gold's gym first, then 24 hour fitness and now lvac.
As far as equipment is concerned, this is the best gym i have ever been a member of.
A lot more than i can say about gold's and 24 hour fitness.
Every employee at 24 hour fitness on green valley parkway felt like a personal friend.
Do i recommend this gym?
I am in the best shape i've been in since having a gym membership, so they are doing something right!
Overall this gym is great for the price and it has all the basic gym equipment.
This gym is not maintained like it used to be.
This gym is a good value!
The only downside is that at about 5pm and also for most of january the gym is very full.
I have been training at iron gloves for almost 1.5 years and it has been great!
My trainers have always pushed me and i have seen a lot of improvement during my time there.
They have a great "buddy system" where you can train with a friend and it is more affordable.
Renene is always very helpful if i have to reschedule my training and everyone there is very friendly.
You don't have to be a hardcore fighter, and everyday people can train here and feel welcome.
We love this golds gym it has  always been  really clean.
If you are looking for a gym with a pool and great classes this is the gym for you :)
The equipment is a weight lifter's dream.
Cardio is awesome too just wish there was more of it.
This chain of gym needs to be nationwide.
It's a gym, sometimes people ride a bicycle to the gym.
Its a small gym but it's loaded with hundreds of customizable exercises that are catered to each client, individually.
The trainers are incredibly friendly, welcoming, and always ready to help.
Favorite gym in the area.
I also just took advantage of their design your own program fitness training.
The trainer took my information, needs, and wants, and created a weekly plan for me.
They have a lot of cardio and various types of weights.
I was doing so well with my weight loss before my vacation to sydney australia.
Now that i have come back, i regained all my weight.
Or, i would go to the women's only section where there are cardio machines and weights only women can use.
How i love this gym!
Pretty much the best gym there is in the las vegas area.
If it's within your budget and conveniently located this is the gym to join.
I paid in full and enjoyed my sessions with trainer steve.
Eos is a very good gym, and excellent for the price you pay.
The functional training area has a rope, half-tire, sled, plenty of kettlebells and a suspension trainer.
Now, are there more spacious gyms with free towels or spa-like amenities?
Lots of equipment, weights, space, friendly trainers, great classes, rock wall, sauna, steamroom, 2 pools with slides!
I use the whole gym and can be there for hours.
All thanks to the support of the coach and team setting within the crossfit gym.
The coaches scale it down to your fitness level, and i promise you start seeing results so fast it's insane.
Staff is friendly, gym is clean, and they have all the basic stuff you need.
The main draw back is some of the machines don't have enough weight on them.
We attended usa gymnastics for several years.
Perhaps all tumbling/gymnastics classes run at about 20 dollars an hour?
I told myself that i would never leave 24hrs fitness to join a douchebag gym, haha damn i failed!
The gyms good also!
What more can ya say...it's a gym!
This gym is really nice.
The gym itself offers a lot.
Anyways,  i really like this gym.
And it takes a lot for me to say that, since i usually hate gyms.
I started coming to this gym in january 2015.
You couldn't pay me enough to get on a treadmill now or join a $24 a month gym.
:) he loves that we do crossfit together and we can share our experiences at this gym.
This gym is the best you will find in las vegas/henderson!
Every three weeks we re-evaluated where i was at and changed my workout and my weight to reflect my progress.
They only charge us for the training we need but they still provide information on good diet and overall health.
Even training for triathlons!!!
This gym is old school.
I wish this gym was located a lot closer to my home.
This 24 hour fitness has everything that i need for a perfect workout.
The weights is a mix of steel plates and coated steel plates.
This gym has a lot of treadmills, cycles, ellipticals, stair-monsters, steppers, recumbent bikes, and cross ramp machines.
This gym is quiet, which is a huge plus.
2017 gym review #7
Overall this place has it all, friends, food, and fitness who could ask for anything else?
It was only fair to post a review after my complementary fitness assessment.
The fitness consultation was low-pressure and i felt like i actually learned something.
My activity level, goals and diet were assessed, then i was taken through a workout to evaluate my overall fitness.
We have never waited for a treadmill and there are plenty of options for weights.
You're at the gym.
Small box that can feel crowded, but a great workout with excellent trainers.
The gym is small but not lacking.
I am still not coordinated but i never feel intimidated by the people in the gym.
The house, or tapout r&d as formerly known for so long, is not the same super-gym that it once was.
On a personal level, i have a relatively long history with the gym.
Back to dahiana and her 6:30 class - amazing energy, passion for music, dance, fitness and her students.
But as a supplemental gym it meets my needs.
Can't wait to get in with this gym and kill it!!
He has helped me with strength training as well as my posture which has helped my lower back pain tremendously.
This is a really clean gym.
If i lived in phoenix i'd deff join this gym!
The gym is smaller than other locations but i still love it here.. never too busy or uncomfortable.
He has been more then a trainer but also an great friend.
First of all, i do not like gyms.
I love lvac this gym is like my second home.
I joined this gym on a whim because i needed a workout buddy and she works out here.
Even though i refuse to abide by it, i'm still training with him till this day.
Gym has great location, nice equipment and doesn't seem too packed.
Recommend for free weights, cardio equipment, lockers rooms but if you do like classes, may not be the place.
I thought she would love to give the little gym a shot and she absolutely did!
I've been going to this gym.for about 4 years now.
Oh if you sign up for premium membership, you have quite a few gym member perks.
You get to choose from getting your own personal trainer, to gym care access for your child.
They both take classes here and we also attend open gym.
Sam's training was top notch and everyone there was friendly and a blast to roll with.
What a great place to train and, without a doubt, a school i would return to without hesitation.
I've had a personal trainer for years, and had my butt kicked.... but nothing like barre.
Love this gym they have everything you needed for fitness.
I've been doing personal group training with katie for a couple of months now and i love her!!
Her and her husband aaron are both super nice and very knowledgable about fitness and nutrition.
This golds location was my gym for about three years and it was good for the price we paid.
If you are looking for a gym for a low monthly rate, i would definitely recommend this golds gym.
Everyone that trains here is treated like a part of the family!
On april 10th, 2012, the nellis sports & fitness center closed.
Long gone are the cramped, outdated conditions of the yesteryear gym.
So don't delay, get your fitness on today!
It's taken me a few good years to really commit to a gym.
Downtown gyms are really horrible.
Good amount of cardio equipment, and more weights than you can imagine.
My gym buddies have also commented that they have more machines than most locations.
This gym may be a little on the expensive side, but i have to say, it is so worth it!
The cleanliness of this gym is impeccable.
Everything you could possibly want in a gym is here.
If you are looking for a high end gym with endless amenities, this gym is for you.
I have been going to this gym for over four years since it was gold.
Secondly, it has women gym section.
Third, the cardio theatre.
Lastly,  they try to make the gym better everyday.
Come to check them out and make it your everyday gym.
I could never be motivated at the gym because i needed someone to push me to be better.
I couldn't afford a membership and a trainer.
I can't yelp enough of how awesome i enjoy coming and starting my day at this gym.
He is very genuine and super nice therefore it shines on everyone else at the gym.
Everybody is happy at this gym.
If you are not a member at es fitness yet go on in and try it out.
As a former athlete, just going to the gym to run and lift weights is boring to me.
I went to the community workout this morning and there were people of all different sizes and fitness levels.
I was super morbidly obese but after losing 120+ pounds my weight loss has started to plateau.
The cardio room is smaller that comparable fitness centers but kiddos on the free wifi throughout!
This is the best gym on base.
Wait, it's the only gym on base.
Locker rooms are great, with more of a nicer "country club-ish" feel than "hood gym."
You're not going to find a better gym, and definitely not at a reasonable price.
There is an area for dance, a huge basketball court, racquet ball courts and a small gym.
Jon has been a great trainer...
So this gym is awesome for a few reasons.
The trainers are there to help you with your performance and are always encouraging their members.
Good "old school" gym.
Such a great gym!!!
They have a movie theater with cardio machines and the air conditioning so super cold.
I had lost the weight but really needed to tone back up.
This location provides pilates/zumba classes and personal trainers as well.
This gym is absolutely amazing!
He was so friendly, warm and an awesome fitness coach.
No frills, low cost, quality gym.
Solid staff and most of my fellow gym goers respect gym etiquette.
I moved from 24 hr fitness,dirty locker rooms and work out area.
Very welcoming of all types of physical fitness and tailors teaching/programming to fit each person.
The staff cares about you and your journey to fitness and it shows.
Giving this location five stars for my trainer brittany (and temporary trainer vikki).
I liked this gym and would have joined if there had been towels provided.
There was also a cardio movie theater and plenty of cardio equipment outside the theater as well.
Cobra kai is the best place i ever trained!
I've done the aqua fitness class several times and it was a great workout.
The free weight section is a bit lacking.
The cardio equipment is at the back.
I have been a member of this gym for about 4 months now.
I cannot say enough great things about this fitness studio.
I am addicted to the cross training class, taught by vince.
There are super heavy weights, and pull up rigs and the whole nine yards.
The personalized training at orenda force is awesome !
I've had 3 or 4 gym memberships and it's always been a waste of money, i would never go.
The owner, trainers and the members of this gym are some of the most amazing people i have ever met.
This is not your typical gym - locker rooms, showers, saunas, etc.
I go to the gym, however i never get a workout in like i do here.
Additional plus, no one is buggin' you in the gym!
The gym opens at 5am, with bootcamp classes starting at that time as well.
Im grateful i stumbled upon this gym and hope to continue when the challenge is over.
This gym is absolutely amazing!
The trainers were all very helpful.
The trainers are great.
This is a very basic gym: cardio machines, some weights, and a pre-made 30 minute circuit.
What i love about this gym is the atmosphere.
Mostly everyone in this gym is extremely friendly especially the employees.
Not every gym out there has all their equipment perfectly running 24/7.
I really enjoy this gym.
I've always been pretty blah about fitness, but am currently trying to change my ways.
This is my favorite gym..it's huge.
Best gym in henderson.
I don't force myself to go to pure barre, but restrain myself from going twice a day!
Never have had an experience like that in any other gym or fitness center.
Joined la fitness in january 2017 and i thoroughly enjoy the facilities.
Once you are a member, there is a complimentary consultation and fitness assessment with one of the trainers.
I like this gym.
I've been a member to a few gyms in toronto and have previously frequented another goodlife gym (victoria terrace).
Vimtrim is a first rate facility with great equipment and amazing trainers!
Tyler humphreys is an outstanding trainer who is attentive, patient and motivational.
This is the main reason i keep my membership for this gym!
Great place to train!
Matt was a great trainer, and helped with all mechanics and form .
Since it's circuit training, and based around " h.i.i.t."
Or high intensity interval training, you will see results without a doubt and leave sweaty and smiling.
By far the best gym ever.
Staff is great, as they re rack weights that a certain few leave out.
Love jodi my personal trainer!!!
I go to this gym 4-5 times a week.
It is a fantastic deal compared to all other gyms in the area.
Thanks fitness connection staff!
Excellent trainers, great variety and results.
Stacia gets 5 gold stars as my favorite trainer.
If you are at all interested in training, stop in and check out a class.
I've been training for over 2 years and love here more and more everyday.
I've been to a few other gyms in town, but i like this one the best.
A great gym at a good price.
I'm constantly sore because madabolic switches up the routine, weights, and workouts.
Great local gym that i was happy to be a member of when i lived in the area.
They do have personal trainers on staff who will build a program around your needs (for an additional cost).
If i still lived in the annex i would definitely continue to be a member at this gym.
I take fitness classes throughout the week and use the gym for cardio purposes so it's perfect for me.
I wish i had a gym like this when i was in the army.
This is the gym for you.
I like everyone that works here, however i want to give the trainer jeremy a special shout out!
Cobra kai is the best gym i ever went to!!
Sim is the best jiujitsu coach in the world i recommend this gym
I love this gym!
I haven't felt my doms hit since luke was my trainer at this gym a couple of years ago.
I was told about this website by tobias who works at the gym.
Best gym in town!
All the trainers here care about the clients.
Stop by and meet scott and the other trainers.
I noticed a sign for fitness center and saw a bulletin board about it being a gym for employees.
For an airport basement gym they are pretty well equipped.
There's a large cardio area, weight room and even a sauna.
The weight machines are a little old but they do the job.
Also, pricing was much more reasonable than the larger chain gyms we've looked at- significantly less.
We are both still losing weight.
I recently joined lvac after being a member of 24 hour fitness for over 8 years.
I really like the gym on 215/ flamingo.
I love getting my workout here.... great machine selection and lots of free weights to choose from!!!
I'm doing one on one training and already so happy with the program!
If you want to get big,strong,fast, or fit, this is the best gym around.
I love our gym !
Expensive but worth it especially in this city where the cheaper gyms are super over crowded
Plus--the emphasis is not simply about looking good, but actually training your body to support you in your everyday life.
The weightlifting staff is outstanding.
I've been a member at eos since april and have been receiving personal training from jerry.
While i still have weight to lose, i owe so much to his help.
The facility also has enough cardio equipment, so that i never have to wait for anything to open up.
They take the time to understand your fitness goals the custom design.
The program each day based off your current level of fitness and where you want to get to.
As a self proclaimed gym hater, i can't say enough about this program!
The rep class is my favorite, its a combination of treadmill/cardio work and weight training.
Absolutely love this gym!
Everyone is so friendly and the fitness manager is definitely there to help and provide results!
Update: it's been about 3 months since i've started training at nomad.
Shannon and cynthia continue to make it interesting and challenging with a wide variety of training, drills and exercises.
If you train consistently (3 to 4 times a week) it's impossible not lose weight and become stronger.
This place is exactly what i was looking for in a gym.
Place is always clean and the trained are some of the best in town.
Inside of the recreation center there's a gym, dance room, basketball court, racket ball rooms, game room, kitchen, basically everything.
I love the gym the most.
There are a variety of machines, weights, and balls to choose from.
Hands down best gym in vegas.
There is just a special quality that this gym has that other places don't.
The atmosphere and quality of training here easily override any of that stuff.
I took my friend's son (10 yrs) to the gym for the first time.
I have been to previous rock gyms long ago, but he had not.
I have trained with every coach at the gym and they all provide excellent workouts.
You can always customize your workout to whatever you want to work on that day (mitts, bags, weights, etc).
This is perfect for days i don't having training.
Everyone at the gym is friendly and it is a very welcoming atmosphere.
If you are looking to get in the best shape of your life, i definitely recommend chavez boxing gym!
This is what you expect when you go into a regular box gym.
I come to this gym pretty often and ive been a member for a few years.
This is more of a gym for people who are self discipline and know what they are doing.
I got a program from the trainer there and it's honestly the best thing i could have done for myself.
Still the best place to train krav maga.
Plus, the people training are very helpful as they will guide other students if they are inexperienced.
Getting trained from the best of the best.
I feel more burn in that hour than i can get all week going to the gym.
The gym hours are flexible and the staff always accommodates my busy schedule.
I recommend this gym to anyone who wants great service in a friendly environment.
Gone are the days of expensive and stuffy gyms....no makeup needed here!
Can you do that at your gym?
No trainer here will underestimate what you can do.
I was attending other gyms and i was ok with my self.
Years past, life happens and i gained a lot of weight.
So my husband saw an acquaintance that he hasn't seen in a while and saw how much weight he lost.
He said he went to raw fitness and did the 6 week challenge.
If you want to start your fitness journey, this is the place to start.
They have fitness challenges as well as specialized obstacle training (spartan, tough mudder etc).
Thank you infinity fitness!
I had my first workout at this la fitness location and i must say i'm impressed!
This gym is very modern and clean.
Aaron is an awesome trainer.
At the beginning of this year my goal was too lose weight and inches.
It's the biggest gym i've ever been to, clean, gets natural sunlight, and full facility w pools, studios, whatever!
The gym overall it seems to me always have people, but in the morning not too much.
Having been a member at numerous other big box/globo gyms in the past that wasn't always the case.
A little more expensive than i like but definitely better than la fitness.
This goes for most gyms in amerika at the moment though.
I like gold's gym because it's affordable, many locations, and has the most newest equipment.
However, the gym can get packed within 5 pm to 8 pm on week days.
Overall, i like this gym and recommend it.
The staff is friendly and the gym seems to be always cleaned.
Pretty decent gym, definitely a little funny with their rules but i guess it makes it more comfortable for some.
My trainer tyler has a custom workout for me each time i go in.
I have to admit,that i was a little  skeptical about joining this gym after reading about the contract.
This is a really great gym.
This gym reminds me of a lifetime gym without the price.
2nd gym i have ever joined.
As far as gyms go this one is pretty good.
They gave all the equipment a gym should have.
They do have personal training sessions as well.
A good gym for a good price.
What i like about 24 hour fitness is the monthly membership is very reasonable.
Gym was super clean.
Pitt fit is a killer gym and i'll be back for sure.
I used to have somewhat negative connotations of gold's gym - body builders, old equipment, dirty, bros...
But the new and improved scottsdale gold's gym has proven me wrong!
Lots of new cardio machines, huge weight area and lots of tvs all around.
I love the fact that there are separate areas for cardio, weights, stretching, classes, and even a women's only area.
It can get really crowded and stuffy in there but that's expected at a scottsdale gym.
Free workout classes, spinning classes, full locker room, personal training options, etc.
I'm a regular at average broz and can't say enough great things about this gym.
Top of the line equipment (rogue) , nicest bathrooms with showers, clean facility, awesome coaches and training.
I absolutely love this gym.
Everything about it is wonderful, so much so that i have other gym memberships, and i never even use them.
Overall i am happy with the gym.
For those deterred by price they are actually reasonable considering it's like having unlimited group personal training sessions.
This gym is the best.
Machines are clean and there is everything you need ie weights (2nd floor) and cardiovascular.
Ps: gym looks small from the street, it's not, go see yourself.
Best gym in las vegas!!!!!!
This gym has everything any novice to pro athlete would want!!!!!
Weather you want to loose weight gain muscle and get bigger they have it and trainers to get you there!!!!!
They have dedicated knowledgable trainers to oversee there class and keep you safe and keep pushing your limits.
I will be attending my final class this evening to say so-long to those i started training with.
Excellent training and support.
I was not expecting the level of camaraderie and support from all the veterans that helped in my training.
If you are looking to better defend yourself from any unexpected attack, this is the training you should take.
Training is held at syndicate gym.
In the same building other type mma training is available.
Not a bad gym at all, especially for the low price.
Gym offers a good selection of cardio and weight training equipment.
Likewise, there is no pool, basketball court, raquetball, or rec areas that gyms usually have.
Ab equipment and machines are located in a tight corner of the gym, which also serves as a mat area.
Cardio equipment faces away from weight lifting equipment, meaning everyone working out with weights gets to stare your backside down.
Most gyms i've been to the cardio equipment would face or be parallel to the weight equipment.
Can get too busy, especially in the weight area, not allowing you to get on the equipment you want to.
If you are looking for a basic and cheap gym, this is the place.
The trainers keep you motivated and want you to succeed.
I thought i was done with monthly payments to gyms but i was wrong.
I said sure because it was different from other gyms and i wanted to see it.
I really like their idea of the judgment free gym.
Planet fitness is only worried about fitness for all.
They have a clunk alarm that goes off when anyone drops weights or tries to be too cool.
What other gym has all of those things included in the membership cost?
Did i mention that a personal trainer is included in the cost?
Usually you have to pay hundreds of dollars for a personal trainer but not here.
I am recommending landis owens as a personal trainer.he very knowledgeable in his field of work especially nutrition wise.
He a great enthusiasm trainer!
Keeping real personal trainer and personal training.please refer him he the best send everyone are live are important
I have come to this gym for 4.5 years and i have really enjoyed my time here.
Very disappointed but i won't let that affect me rating the quality of this gym.
If you want to lose weight they have a nutritional instruction program.
I took this 5 years ago and have maintained an optimal weight and fitness level.
While i was in high school, clay was my personal trainer for many years.
Both are great trainers and i haven't met any trainers that can compare to them!
I truly miss having clay as my trainer.
If you are looking for a quality trainer, clay is the one to see.
Raquetball, 2 group fitness rooms, tons of cardio machines and some weight lifting equipment up there as well.
The group fitness rooms are a comfy size though it does get cramped when zumba is in session...
Take a look at my picture,  lifetime fitness did this for me.
Finally found a great gym that teaches krav maga.
I've tried many different gyms in henderson & this seems to be the one i'll always go back to.
They've got everything i need as far as cardio & weights are concerned.
If you're looking for something convenient, cheap, and accessible, this is your gym.
They teach mma, boxing, muay thai, fitness, and of course my favorite, bjj.
I am worn out from hours of driving, eating crap, no sleep, and training all day.
Look, if you're not into fitness enough to consider this an investment, then it's probably not for you.
Other yelpers are correct that it is on the higher end of gym memberships.
I think the higher price keeps it a fitness center rather than a pick up joint.
I tell people it's not just a gym, it's a country club.
If you're waking up at 5 a.m. to hit the gym, you must have something in common.
I really like this location, the staff is friendly and i like the way the gym is laid out.
The guy is so enthusiastic about fitness and exercise.
The gym is simple and effective and the workouts are addicting.
I decided to join this gym after taking a trial class with a friend.
Had a great experience at this gym.
Great gym great class cheep membership.
I really love planet fitness!
I think it's so warm in the afternoon because it's obviously hot outside but there's more people in the gym.
When i go to the gym in the mornings and there's less people i never experience this issue.
Overall this is a great gym!
So just something to be aware of if you're looking for a gym for weight training.
I absolutely love this gym.
One of the quietest gyms i've been to.
My go to gym when i need some solitude while working out.
A big part of this gym is the community.
Since my long time off, there has been a complete change in staff and mostly all new trainers/teachers.
We chatted for a bit and i learned how knowledgeable she is about health and fitness.
It is so nice to come into my gym and see people who care so much about what they do.
Another good 24 hr fitness location: clean and functioning equipment, friendly staff, clean locker rooms, good classes.
Like most 24 hr fitness locations, green valley offers lots of cardio machine options, including ellipticals, stationary bikes, and treadmills.
Beyond that, the gym has tons of free weights and nautilus equipment to keep you happy.
Only $20 for a black card membership and you get full 24/7 gym access, tanning beds, massage chairs, and more.
It's way better than the spinning classes i've taken at area gyms.
It is definitely a gym with community.
After being with this gym 3 years and i totally recommend it.
The gym environment is very laid back and a great atmosphere for learning.
My suggestion is to try a class out at all the gyms and find the best for you.
They have established one of the most welcoming, supportive fitness communities imaginable.
My transformation was possible because of the amazing trainers and the personalized meal plan/workout regiment.
For anyone considering personal training, housefit should be the only option.
The cardio section has plenty of treadmills with their own tv's and elliptical machines with tv's overhead.
The free weights room is good, but small.
I can't imagine working out at a regular gym anymore!
Cardinal fitness is a bare bones type of gym, which is exactly why i like it.
It's only $20/month, but has loads of cardio equipment and weight machines.
These workouts are appropriate for all fitness levels.
Amazing trainers, and it's very informative.
They train your endurance and form in fighting.
Besides my slight criticism, this gym is awesome.
So, 11 months ago i looked up krav maga gyms in vegas and i am so glad i called nomad.
The students at the gym were very welcoming, we still are.
We didn't hire a trainer, but i watched them at work with clients who were intense and involved.
Hard to find a set of weights since people don't put them back.
This is an ok gym.
The trainer got in at lile 1030 or something, which shocked me.
(and finished) i am not a group fitness guy, but im not against it either.
Okay, it is a gym so, now on to the classes and equipment.
This gym is convenient, has a nice variety of equipment and the price is right.
After trying a few other gyms, i signed up for a free 5 day trial at la fitness.
I love this gym!
Jaired was my trainer!
He has helped me to lose weight and gain muscle.
They have music playing in the gym to keep you pumped up, if you dont bring an ipod.
It is by far the best gym i have belonged to, especially for their price.
I am excited to start my journey at this gym and would highly recommend this place to anyone!
More than just a crossfit gym.
Great programming for any fitness goals.
Strength, cardio, crossfit or powerlifting this place has it all.
$15-25 a month, you'll pay extra for things like towel, racket ball, personal training, and buddy pass services.
I think people that go to this gym are just there to meet other good looking people in shape lol.
But i don't find getting a cardio or exercise machine to use that difficult when it's busy.
This is a great place for both beginners and advanced training.
Great gym has everything you need for a fitness center.
The best part about this gym is its 24hr access, since i work night-shift, it is perfect for me.
Finally an ethical sales staff at a gym!
Cycling is great for an intense calorie burn and cardiovascular conditioning.
If you're like me, attending a gym/exercise class for the first few times can be nerve racking.
There's truly a variety of ages, shapes, races, fitness levels, and genders within the members.
When we started out, i hadn't stepped foot in a gym in over a year.
Thanks to working out with lindsey, i've become more confident in the gym and stronger, too.
I feel so lucky to have found michael as my personal trainer!
I am doing strength training with him and he uses a lot of calisthenics.
If you're looking to skip the mainstream gym trainers and save a bundle of money, give michael a call!
I've tried going to other goodlife gyms but this one is my favorite.
This is a pretty decent gym!
To wit, i need a gym close to the office.
This gym is beautiful!
All things said, i'm very pleased with my new gym!
Also; the little gym was significantly cheaper than most of those other places.
Great gym, run by good people!
Great gym, good staff, friendly members.....not to mention awesome trainers!
Personal trainer josh is amazing!
His routines are never boring and offer just the right amount of cardio and weight training.
Their positive and professional encouragement is helping to build my kids' confidence and fitness.
I'm so glad we found this gym.
Wonderful clean gym, very friendly staff.
Love this place, better than all my previous gyms.
Ms fitness coo mario personally called me and resolved my complaint.
Average broz is by far the best weightlifting gym in las vegas.
Not only can you do your olympic weightlifting here, but we have power lifters and bodybuilders alike.
John has over 20 years of experience in weightlifting, and was coached by the world renown antonio krastev.
Going to the gym, workout videos or doing my own thing just never stuck as a routine.
Barre workouts can be incredibly effective for toning up and losing weight.
Even when i am not in the mood to work out the trainers there get you to work anyways.
Easily one of the best gyms in charlotte.
I am in love with this gym!
I go to 24hr fitness in san jose and it has nothing on this gym!
There are probably about 200 cardio machines such as the elliptical, stationary bike, stair climber, etc.
And there's tv's on some of them as well as a larger tv in front of the cardio area.
The gym itself is not bad, occasionally it does get a little too hot.
Also ladys have a separate decent size room if they are shy or just uncomfortable in big gyms.
The gym does have a sauna and showers and nice wooden lockers but no pool so that's a bummer.
Love the pace of the circuit training.
This is seriously the nicest gym i've ever been to.
Love the pools, the vast array of cardio equipment and layout.
The place is clean and the trainers clean the equipment daily.
List nice to have a gym that recognizes families and has movie nights at the pool, and pool day events.
Spin is my favorite class, but they also offer boxing, open gym, yoga, dance fitness, pilates, rowing, and more!
The gym itself was uncrowded and had good equipment.
I can proudly say that this gym is the only one of its kind in the area or really anywhere.
Switching to this olympic weightlifting gym was the best decision i've ever made.
There are about 12-15 platforms stacked with what you need to get your training going.
Everyone has been so helpful and motivating, i look forward to training everyday.
Lifetime fitness, how i love thee, let me count the ways.
But i've been known to leave my own towels at other gyms, everyone has a slip up.
The free weights area is way too small, and busy all of the time.
But overall, this is a great gym.
There are plenty of cardio/weight machines, the tv system is awesome, and the staff is super helpful and friendly.
I am very happy with my choice to join this gym.
I go in the morning and the gym hasn't been overly packed - even with everyone's january resolutions.
Even signed up for personal training.
I think the personal training prices are competitive and love my trainer.
The staff truly makes this place an awesome gym.
My socialistic tendencies aside...i love this gym.
There are all types of people, all fitness levels, all ages, and both genders.
This is the absolute best gym i've ever been to.
It's like a gym resort.
I have a personal trainer-cp and he's the best.
Not only is he my trainer but a therapist as well.
All these perks sets this fitness center apart from the rest in vegas.
Love this gym although it's been pretty crowded since january 1st but i'm sure that'll slow down.
No judgements, nothing but absolute support from everyone, the owner, the trainers and the members themselves!
The staff are all certified professionals who can help you reach your fitness goals in a healthy way.
This gym has a great location and the staff are friendly, energetic and upbeat.
Its a small gym so it does get crowded and the members don't pickup after themselves like they should.
The only downfall (and not really any fault of the gym) is their horrendous parking lot!
Same gold's gym that was here before just rebranded as eos and now there's a supplements store inside.
There's a lot more weight training equipment than treadmills and other cardio equipment.
Not bad of a place for an inexpensive gym membership.
I have found myself at other gyms getting frustrated waiting for the equipment i want to open up.
That rarely happens at gold's, however, i try my hardest to avoid ptgt (prime time gym time 4:30-7:00).
This place is great if you're looking for a solid gym to work out.
Raw fitness has been the best decision i have made in a long time.
My husband dragged me there knowing i hated traditional gyms and scared to death of crossfit type gyms.
The trainers are top notch for sure!
Wow such a beautiful la fitness!
Upstairs is the cardio and weights.
There are cardio machines facing outwards on a balcony-ish.
Most la fitnesses have life fitness brand free weights which are always relatively new.
So pretty much in conclusion- great gym!
Lvac in the southwest can either be the best gym or the worst gym for you.
Just drive past the gym during those hours and you'll see nothing but a metallic sea of cars!
The gym is clean and there are a ton of machines, weights, and classes.
Will is an incredible fitness instructor and has changed my life forever.
I would encourage anyone to call him and give the fitness center a try  you wont be disappointed.
Tony, neema and dexter set the tone for the best training i have ever had.
But i guess you shouldn't really complain about having to walk a little bit on your way to the gym.
All in all we are happy with this gym, and the dues are definitely affordable.
Second biggest gym i've ever seen, very clean environment with a pool, track and basketball court.
For my usage, as a cardio addict, this place was top-notch.
I live in mississauga, and the gym's in downtown toronto, but this doesn't stop me from going.
I've tried other gyms but they simply don't compare.
You owe it to yourself to at least visit this gym!
This fitness club is now open!
They have cycling, eliptical, free weights, and a special area for personalized weight training.
This has been my regular gym for the past few months and for good reason.
It is the best equipped 24 hr fitness for at least 200 miles!
I have been to approximately ten different 24 hour fitness facilities over the past year.
The free weights are available in abundance and the people there put them back where they are supposed to go!!!
The dumb bells and bar bells are the new style iron grip rubber coated weights.
I don't do any of the cardio classes, but it appears that there's always extra room in there.
I love how much attention you get from the trainers and the type of workout that i receive each day.
I would highly recommend this gym and location to anyone looking to get in shape.
I remember when i first started training i was sore for an entire month straight!
It's fitness with a purpose and i swear to god it is never ever boring.
Warrior fitness kickboxing is amazing!
Usually i have a hard time motivating myself to go to a fitness class.
I am 33, and, for the first time in my life, i am not concerned about weight gain.
Orange theory is one of the best group fitness workouts.
It is a mix of cardio and weights.
The trainers are all super awesome and keep you motivated through out the work out.
This is an awesome neighborhood gym.
I've been a member, or a guest of three gymnasiums in las vegas.
For just under $40, you get a choice of three perks including towel service, racquetball, trainers, and day care.
Other gymnasiums in the summerlin area charge that or more for basic membership.
I like this gym a lot.
The no gymtimidation is interesting which means no judging or grunting allowed.
There's a good variety of machines with adjustable weights, machines with loadable weights, machines with cords, and free weights.
A really nice gym and a very reasonable price.
Free weights, machines, tons of cardio equipment.
Had the chance to start working out with my personal trainer griselda vega, and it's been amazing!
True to their name, the gym is 24-hours.
Every workout only takes about 30 minutes and there are trainers there that guide you through it.
I love this gym.
(i people watch while on the arc trainers behind it lol) speaking of arc trainers, i love those things!
This place takes gym workouts to a new level!!!
Lvac in general are the best gyms in town.
Ok so most people don't judge a gym by the smoothie bar but i do.
I have an lvac membership but have been trying out eos fitness per the recommendation of my friend.
I also like how this location has the movie cardio room... genius genius idea!
I have been to other gyms and they dont feel "clean".
Also the interaction with the trainers is complete and you never feeel like you are bothering someone for help.
Writing this for the treadmill.... eos is by far my favorite gym!
Even when the gym is packed i manage to find some machine or weights available to use!
I just joined up and i really love this gym so far.
My favorite gym hands down.
Great gym for all fitness levels.
Out of the three la fitness gyms that i visited, i think this one was the busiest.
I have worked with several trainers but have had the best results working with tony the past three years.
His unique coaching style and small group training concept makes work outs fun and effective.
With the small classes tony has the ability to adjust workouts to each individual fitness level.
I  also enjoy the group activities tony schedules outside the gym like hiking, 5k's, bike rides, ect.
This gym is retro in all the right ways.
I love my gym!
Prior to joining i tried out all the gyms around my house (biltmore area).
That includes the la fitness by trader joe's and the 24 hour fitness on camelback.
La fitness does not provide towels!).
A gym is a place to work out, not a place to stand around or worry about time limits.
My biggest complaint is not about the gym, but about my friends;  i wish that more of them were members!
The las vegas athletic club is an awesome gym.
The gym has indoor pools, hot tub, steam room, and sauna.
I love the variety of cardio machines, and new equipment.
They have the best classes and gym equipment as well as a women's only weight room .
Chelsea is the best trainer.
I read the reviews (of course) while looking for a gym.
This place just has a different vibe, it's not intimidating like the other gyms.
I have been very happy with everything that this gym has to offer.
They have a lot of jungle gym stations.
I also like the functional training area that the trainers also use.
Even with the high volume of people, they keep the gym clean.
I always see a cleaning person or crew in the locker room and gym.
The staff, instructors, and trainers here are friendly and helpful.
I always look forward to coming here to train or take a group x class.
The gym also recently replaced all of the saddles with (comfortable) saddles.
I like this gym, just move the food some where else, please.
So far so good with this gym!
The gym is pretty big and you never really have to wait for machines or weights.
Their group exercise room is larger than most i've seen and their cardio room has plenty of machines.
I did my 101 essentials training here.
The owners melissa and eric are super friendly and knowledgeable and one of their trainers brandon is great too.
Hardcore powerlifting gym with top of the line equipment.
I call it my raw fitness family.
The trainers are all awesome and very motivating.
As a visitor to the area, i found this small gym to be outstanding for keeping up my fitness program.
I know nothing about the company as a whole but this particular gym is great.
I was amazed at the amount of weight and inches i lost in 30 days.
Last summer i started to come here for the group training classes.
Best all around gym in vegas... with that said... it's not for everybody.
Clubsport is a full complex of facilities for sports, weights, aerobics classes, dance, massage, food, relaxation and more!
Loved training at cobra kai while i was in vegas.
Pretty large facility with all the stuff you would expect to see in a gym, plus a few more.
They also have a separate personal training area which is nice for one-on-one time with your pt.
The locker rooms are clean and the showers are more satisfying than other gyms i've been to.
One of the coolest things they have is what they call the "cardio cinema".
I recommend alan giron's 8strikes kickboxing class if you want a hardcore cardio workout.
In reading other reviews, i find it funny that people call this the "pretty gym."
That can't be a bad thing, unless it distracts you from the real reason you joined a gym.
It's a busy gym, so people do leave their weights out, but never in the middle of the floor.
I love this gym.
I have been training with jose, i couldn't be happier.
I am not a professional athlete but am a runner and fitness person.
As a member of team usa paralympics my experience at mountainside fitness has been exemplary....
This is certainly the finest facility that i've ever trained at, including the olympic training center.
Thank you mountainside fitness
If you're looking to get into shape with no excuses on quitting then this is your gym!
I love this gym/ bootcamp.
Overall it's a great gym and the staff is friendly
My first time joining a gym, i was admittedly a bit nervous walking in.
The place is not intimidating, there are all types of people here with all different fitness goals.
Then i get a trainer, my dude a.j.
I really like it and i enjoy my time here as i work on my personal fitness goals.
For years ive been wanting to join a crossfit gym but have been too scared.
My wife loves the free classes and i enjoy all the free weights and machines.
I absolutely love this gym.
The trainers are very knowledgable and have a genuine concern for all of their clients.
I wish there was a full basketball gym but still very accommodating.
I love the cardio theater is amazing!
Bought the groupon a few months back for the rock gym.
It's my delightful to be a sports person and i belong to this gym.
This is my favorite gym ever since i moved from hollywood cali.
Check this gym out it's good place to get a good workout session
My son has been taking gymnastics classes at usa youth fitness for about 3 years and loves it.
It's hands-down the best gym in town.
I spent the majority of the summer at the gym with the kids playing at the pool.
So many gyms...so how come i chose anytime fitness?
Well, really, it was simply because they are the closest gym to my workplace.
It's a new, fully equipped gym - but it's on the small side.
They call this fitness on demand.
They offer free towel service, and have tv monitors on all the cardio equipment which helps time pass quickly.
The best part about my membership was that i had 2 free personal training sessions included, which i have completed.
Cory, my trainer, was great and extremely helpful - you can tell this is a passion for him.
This to me is priceless, since the gym will now actually benefit me more, and i get a good start.
I like the set up and it has a better vibe than the other gym i've tried.
I'm actually excited to go to the gym the past month.
Other great things: no tanned, juiced up gym monkeys waddling around.
No fake, plastic girls there to just do cardio.
No annoying gym staff trying to get you to buy something.
One of the few cleaner la fitness i been to across the country.
I would definitely recommend this gym to my friends, family, and coworkers.
Yonge street fitness is an undiscovered gym-gem.
It's downtown, clean, reasonably-priced and has all the weight equipment and cardio  machines you'd be looking for.
If you're looking for a downtown gym, give this one a shot, pump, jump, pedal...
This is my favorite training facility so far.
The trainers/management (judy and noah) are attentive, helpful and friendly.
I haven't really had any issues at this gym so far.
Snap is a small gym with no classes, open 24hrs and very convenient for me.
I'm a gym guy.
This is more just nit picking but as all gyms have them.
I wanted to try these classes to incorporate more cardio into my life, and these classes will certainly do that!
Looking forward to my next cardio day!
I would and do recommend plant fitness to anyone.
Also would you rather pay a little each month for a gym you rarely go to?
Need to change or shower at the gym?
All in all, i love this gym!
I train regularly for my work, but love to mix in fitness classes to keep things fresh and social.
Skip the big gyms.
I recently started working out with a trainer and she primarily works out of this gym.
The gym is small, but it is clean and it has everything i need to complete my workout.
It's huge.. & the gym too.
The trainers are really great and motivating, my current faves are joe, kim, and harley.
There are other trainers who are great as well.
Tyler and his team of trainers are phenomenal!
I definitely recommend this gym.
Ive lost 80 lbs and figured that the non-routine lazy trips to the gym were just not enough anymore.
I was so nervous feeling out of shape and still overweight.
I really love this gym!
Coming in with no experience, i was worried i might be intimidated by such a high level gym.
I'm only on my first day but i'm definitely doing one-on-one training.
I signed up with a trainer and that was defintiely the way to go.
I love this gym.
Judy and noah are the personal trainers and they are truly the best!!!!
The gym was very clean and everyone seemed to be very helpful!
I started coming here after only a month at another gym.
They accommodate every fitness level.
Overall a great gym at a great price.
The gym itself is clean and well lit.
Also there are people that don't wipe down equipment after use etc but again that happens at any gym.
Huge benefit really is that it is a no frills gym.
My only complaint is actually nothing to do with the gym it's occasionally a few of the members.
I love the staff the trainers the people.
The staff is really nice and helpful and the gym is always clean.
This is the coolest rock gym i've seen, by far!
I have been to multiple fitness studios and gyms throughout vegas...gyms, crossfit, yoga, pilates, etc.
By far the best place to train in vegas.
I've never been a gym-person because i have no idea what to do when i'm there.
Even the other gym members helped to cultivate a family vibe.
I highly recommend this gym!
If you are interested in a cardio focused mixed martial arts fitness class.
I've found the gym for you!
Our family joined the gym and this location is by far my favorite!
This gym has treated me very well, always come here.
As far as gym facilities go, it's a strong 4 stars.
As a dedicated gym goer, it is perfect for me because it is open whenever i need it.
After spending a year at another gym, i came back.
The staff is so friendly and i don't feel as intimidated by creepster dudes in the weight section.
Luckily the wod didn't have weights involved.
Think barre with intense cardio.
It is so awesome to never have to leave my neighborhood to go to the gym!
It's clean and it has plenty of machines (treadmills, weights, ellipticals, etc.)
I've never been to a gym that has such proud members.
I been going to this gym for 2 years now.
If you want a gym that is not crowded any hours of the day, go here.
But be aware that the set up here of the equipment is kind of cluttered and old weights.
As for cardio, the treadmills don't have a tv in front, only the windows.
If i moved here into my parents guest house, this is the gym i would probably go to a lot.
Not your normal big box gym so you get to actually know the people.
This gym is not the closest but def the one i've been looking for.
Trainers is an excellent, simple gym that has all the amenities one needs to stay active or get in shape.
This is not a high-end gym.
Its monthly pass is affordable and the personal trainers are great.
I trained with harry and he was awesome and encouraging, without being afraid to challenge me in my workouts.
The upstairs is home to its cardio equipment and single fitness class room, with downstairs for weight lifting and training.
Yes the front staff don't care, seem annoyed but whatever they're receptionists at a gym.
This is a very busy gym but i always am able to find machines to use.
In 3 weeks, my body is changed with less overall gym time.
It is a no frills gym but friendly staff.
I would recommend this gym.
Y'all seriously if you're thinking about getting trainer ask for roy you will not regret it.
Can't imagine training anywhere else.
This is an excellent gym.
Which is kind of a bummer if you want to strength train for 2 hours in a class.
Like any gym...there are hours that tend to bring in the crowds, but overall, you can get your work in.
Personal trainer dylan is a true professional and is knowledgeable about all facts on exercise and wellness.
He is the best trainer i've ever had by far.
Cobra kai is one of the best gyms for jiu jitsu.
The standup training is excellent as well.
I have trained long term at two of the other well known gyms in vegas.
I have also visited many of the other gyms.
Once i became serious about jiu jitsu, i found that my previous gym was lacking.
Initially, the style of  instruction by the head coach, simpson go, is exactly what i look for in my training.
Additionally, everyone is made to feel welcome by other members of the gym.
I have also found the jiu jitsu fundamentals class with rodrigo gutierrez to be an important part of my training.
A few months back i was passing through toronto looking for a gym to practice muay thai.
Lvac is a solid gym.
There are nicer gyms in town, but for the money lvac is my choice in vegas.
We have been working out at la fitness the past few days while in town.
The gym is beautiful and top notch.
We would be more than happy to call this out home gym if we lived in charlotte.
I love this gym!
Have been looking around the area for a gym now for almost two months.
Took advantage of visitor passes at nearby gyms.
Golds was by far the cleanest and best maintained gym i sampled in the area.
I found him to be incredibly personal and paired me with a great personal trainer.
Two months into my membership now and i honestly cant complain, i'm really enjoying this gym.
There's nothing worse than working out at a nasty gym!
I don't even like to work out but this gym is so inviting you're practically tricked into it.
There are definitely gym rats who are motivated by the attention the open concept provides.
Once i've changed my mind then i head over to the cardio room where i alternate between various cardio equipment.
There is also a studio next to the cardio room where they offer various exercise classes for free!
On the other side of the cardio room there is a spin room.
Downstairs is where the indoor pool is, the locker rooms, massage office, basketball court, open weight room (which is huge!)
I haven't used the weight room yet but am going today.
Awesome gym with friendly people.
The gym is equipped with awesome equipment.
If you do weightlifting this is where you want to be.
So for now on this 24hr fitness will be my new place to train in vegas.
This is a great gym with great facilities.
Truly a unique fitness experience.
Everyone is so energetic and passionate about health and fitness.
The best aspect of this gym, though, is the community.
The people who use the gym leave it a mess but it's still a great facility.
Urban active has now been taken over by la fitness.
My daily gym could take some cleaning pointers from this barre3.
I love this gym.
Luv this la fitness.
It's an express gym.
Equipment is new, gym is modern.
Gym is well maintained and makes me feel at easy especially with anthony's friendliness.
I sometimes will go here and my home gym @ 10906 hurontario street.
But... this gym by far is my fav.
The gym is new so they are still doing work on it.
I've been coming to this gym for what feels like foreverrrrrrr!
I actually hate going to the gym.
My only negative to this gym is they keep increasing my monthly payment.
I've trained with several trainers and scott is the best by a long run.
As far as gyms go, mountainside pavilions has been my favorite in the valley thus far.
The cardio equipment is plentiful, although loud, squeaky treadmills do seem to plague them.
There are weight machines for every little muscle in your body and usually these aren't terribly busy either.
The one lost star is for my bad experience with the training staff (a few months back).
My complimentary consultation was a bust - being lectured about nutrition, not "only doing cardio like ladies do", etc.
When i arrived at the gym i almost felt a bit intimidated by the guy working the front desk.
What i didn't see were people more my age and at my fitness level, which would normally turn me off.
Love love love this program and the trainers!
I am so grateful to have found orenda force fitness.
I am so lucky to have found orenda force fitness.
This is the most organized, well run, and professional gym i have ever been to.
I can actually say i love my gym.
After years of other local fitness clubs that made my anxiety explode, this place is different.
You have access to a personal trainer and the staff is very friendly.
It's a club for everyone not just seasoned weight trainers and little bunnies.
From circuit training to cardio and everything in between a+
Red light wing chun - testimonial  written after 1 month of training.
Afterwards,  i considered a boxing/kick boxing gym but was unavailable to find one to meet my open schedule.
Besides military gyms i've only been to a couple golds gyms and they don't compare either.
-big open floor for free weights and machines -big crossfit area -3 racquet ball courts.
My daughter and i went to gold's gym and spoke with the general manager, trent kay.
The group schedule includes zumba, spin, step and weight classes.
Everyone is friendly and the trainers (specifically christian) are awesome!
There are no big meatheads with huge egos, and the monsters that do train here are very respectful.
I paid  $100 per month (eft) for unlimited training.
The place is clean and always has lots of fancy equipment that you won't find elsewhere at cheaper gyms.
Nobody under 15 can be in the weight and cardio area.
Pretty sure the unofficial gym bag of choice here is louis vuitton.
Whatever your training regime is it could definitely be at this gym.
The staff, trainers and culture is supreme.
We love the cardio cinema and use it every day with only one recommendation, more elyticals.
She would be great as gold's gym public relations trainer or possibly gym manager.
We have automatic payment of gym dues and have experienced no problems.
Quite a few gym members need to learn what the disinfectants and towels are used for.
Personal training available, only 30 mins which is great and focuses on every muscle of the body.
Owners and trainers are super helpful, professional and nice!
The gym goers there are nice too, i've never had an issue with anyone.
I really like this gym.
Probably the best gym i've ever been to.
This is an excellent, smaller, but well stocked gym.
As for the gym itself, it's a staggering facility not only in terms of size, but also sheer functionality.
Michael is an amazing trainer i highly recommend him!!
I attended the pre-opening free boot camp and the trainers were so fun, so positive and super encouraging.
My trainer angela, is so caring and goes the extra mile to make sure i am keeping on track.
The group fitness classes are fabulous!!!
Ds fitness studio has been nothing but a major life changer for me.
I owe it all to my amazing trainers that do nothing but support you in whatever you want to do..
There are  members of every belt level to help you and train with to fulfill your full potential in jiujitsu.
The heat or air conditioning is always used when needed so you will alwaysbe  comfortable training there.
This is a great gym in a convenient location right off of the freeway.
I love this gym.
There are no showers at the gym but frankly thats totally fine by me.
All in all, great gym, great price, and definitely worth a look.
It's hands-down the best gym in town.
I spent the majority of the summer at the gym with the kids playing at the pool.
I like this gym.
The gym is clean and the staff is very friendly.
If my condition changes i will be returning to this gym.
I've been working out here since the summer and i must say i'm a huge fan of the cardio cinema!
This location has everything that i need free weights ,machines , circuit.
I workout at over 10 goodlife fitness clubs around the gta and somehow, i really enjoy coming to this one.
A big fan of the intensity and combination of cardio and strength.
He is an amazing trainer and has taught me great lessons regarding healthy living.
They have modern equipment, trainers that are willing to assist you if needed.
The trainers are able to ease pain in your body and recommend doctors if they think it's needed to.
They have yoga, strength, conditioning, agility, and weight loss training available.
These guys are fun and not like la fitness and life time.
If you want to pay over $100 per month to enjoy the luxurious amenities, this gym would do it!
I have been a member here since september of 2012, and it is the only place i train.
Notice that i said train.
The problem with this gym is to me, the lack of pride of ownership.
A gym that has a higher entry point price like a startup fee will see less riff raff.
Should i gym...or should i browse the bakery....?
Besides it being a women's only gym, most of the staff are quite friendly.
I used to be a 24 hour fitness girl until this location opened.
Other than that, i love the gym.
Jake and cody are not just my trainers, but they are my friends.
I have also made friends through the gym that will now be lifelong relationships!
There is no pressure in this gym to push yourself beyond your abilities/strengths.
This crossfit is welcoming and open to all skill levels and fitness goals!
A big thanks to the trainer, emily, for red-lining my heart and pushing me through an intense and balanced workout!
I've been a member of this gym for a few weeks now, and i have no complaints.
They also have plastic bag dispensers so that you can avoid your gym bag getting super smelly.
The cardio area has lots of machines- i've never had trouble getting whatever i wanted to use.
I haven't actually gone to any group fitness classes, but everyone always seems to be having fun in them.
The trx / crossfit-style area is my favorite part of the gym.
The trainers teach a few classes in this area, but you can mostly just have free reign.
This is a great gym.
It's pricier than my old gym, but 100% worth it.
The members of the gym support each other and encourage each other!
I found this gym from one of those deal-a-day websites.
I only wish the gym had a more centralized location.
But the location does keep this gym humble and gives it a very friendly and close knit atmosphere.
No lazy, chatty cathys found at that gym!
The gym is clean and huge.
Other than that, it's a good dgym.
The group fitness options are phenomenal, i could not believe how many classes they have!
Totally spoiled, and i dont think i could ever return to a regular gym.
I recommend this places they offer personal trainers and the prices are lower compared to other gyms.
Love this gym, but the girls up front can use a f$&@ing attitude check right now hahahaha!
I have been going to eos gym in litchfield park area and recently moved to baseline.
The weight staff has been nothing but helpful by offering me a 7 day pass to check it out.
I have been working out of town and just needed a space to keep on my fitness goals.
The gym is clean and never crowded.
Once i stay in town for good i will be joining this gym.
Great gym and great staff....
Their gym floor is one floor, but on two different levels.
They have a cardio machine area, a machine area, a free weight area, and a plate loaded exercise area.
With its simplistic style, it still provides everything i ask for in a gym in an appropriate amount of space.
Definitely a game changer when it comes to additions to a gym.
The trainers are great and it's an amazing workout.
Club 1 is not just a gym - it's a support center for your goals in fitness and in life.
This gym is hands down the best boxing gym in tempe, arizona.
Joined this gym with my boyfriend 2 years ago.
Fantastic gym, sometimes the customer service isn't that great.
Bottom line: i love this gym and the people in it, hope to see you in the ring!
It is a noncommercialized gym where high end training is done in a relaxed environment.
If a training partner applies a technique with insufficient regard for your safety, you can get hurt.
It is gross to walk into a fitness center and see grime on the treadmills and weights.
It has kid's classes, with the good training and confidence building bjj can give to kids.
I am torn up that i will not be able to train at cobra kai any more.
I am sad that i will not be able to have my kids train there when they get older.
Reader; i envy you the chance you have to train there.
Rennaissance wing chun - testimonial  written after 30 months of training.
Your body will get in shape as a by product of training and diet.
My daughter has been taking gymnastics and tumbling classes here over the last 6 months.
There's all different fitness levels, and you get personal attention from the coaches throughout the workout.
This particular club in summerlin is diamond level within the lifetime fitness company, and it truly is first class.
The dbg in miami is clean but the lighting is very weird (spotlight over the weight benches, etc.)
The trainers are motivational and know their stuff--and it's a bonus that they funny, good people!
This gym is constantly growing and continuously offers more and more to it's members.
Otf will challenge you and improve your fitness no matter what your goals are.
I love the group fitness atmosphere getting a chance to meet people and make friends.
The first floor consists of the lobby, healthy cafe/juice bar, advanced training center, pool/steam room/sauna area, women's gym and lockers.
The 2nd floor is where the cardio machines, classrooms and strength-training equipment is.
Overall, this is a great gym with a wide variety of stuff for everyone.
This gym is very new and probably the cleanest gym i've been to.
There is cardio upstairs and weights downstairs.
Strongest gym in az!
This is the best gym!
I typically found myself in other gyms without any real goals to work towards until i found die hard.
They put their whole heart into lifting just as owner, personal trainer, posing coach, and powerlifting coach tim sparkes!
Whatever your fitness goal is you can be sure to reach it at die hard.
Earls tin palace meets the gym.
Out of the other la fitness locations i approve of this one the most.
Assistant manager noticed my spouse in the gym & immediately approached him to address the concerns.
This is a great gym for the price.
I've been a member since day 1 and use this as my secondary gym with crossfit as my first.
No question, i'll recommend usa youth fitness center time and again!
This is a basic no-frills  gym for those who need to get a workout in and go.
They have free weights and there is usually no wait for cardio or weight machines.
It's pretty awesome and unique to any of the other gyms i researched before joining.
Anyway, this is a gym i'd definitely recommend.
So i have been wanting to find a gym that i feel "comfortable" and have great hours.
Well, this gym pretty much did this for me.
They have massive amounts of cardio machines on the top floor as well as rooms for instructor classes.
I am forever spoiled by this fantastic fitness concept.
It's never over crowded it's just a good experience i've had with this gym.
At other locations,  i was intimidated by the young, super fit people lifting tons of weight.
They didnt care about form or safety, they just wanted to lift more weight.
I wanted to crossfit for the great exercise and health benefits, not to compete as a weight lifter.
There are people of all ages, sizes, fitness levels and more females than i had seen at other gyms.
I'm not normally a regular on the group fitness scene, but this is the best boxing studio in town.
There's a nice gym upstairs too.
Our son has been attending usa gymnastics for the past 3 years.
Gymnastics has really helped him progress in his tae kwon do training as well.
He knows what he is doing and he is also a gymnast.
So i can say i know my way around the gym enough to know if the amenities are in order.
Dry.wet sauna, pool, free weights, pully machines, smiths, treadmills, stair climbers, ellipticals, you name it.
I joined during the new years rush, and the gym has been packed nearly every visit so far.
The price is typical for a toronto gym.
I love this gym.
Well my search finally ended 3 months ago when i came across chavez boxing gym!!
I love this gym.
I observe the personal trainers and they always seem really nice.
I wish they had a referral fee as i have brought a few friends to the gym.
Having worked out for 20+ years, i don't think you'll find a better valued gym.
My favorite of the lvac locations, this is my go-to gym.
There's also a weight lifting room and the womens gym.
On the second floor, you have your cardio areas (treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairmasters, and a track).
Plus they got a cardio theater, that shit is baller.
I wasn't always a gym-goer but when we signed up i was determined to make the effort.
I've been coming to this gym ever since i joined in aug 14.
I've probably visited this gym over 150 times so i feel i know enough to give an accurate review.
Cardio and weights + more.
Other gyms are usually way worse about this problem.
Somebody told me a new fitness center opened up(life time?)
Yes, it gets very crowded mon-thu between 4-8pm but every gym is like this so not a huge deal, right?
To sum things up i'm more than happy with my gym membership at this eos.
Found south because of tj and it's really a great gym.
When we moved to the area three years ago, i needed to find a gym with affordable childcare.
I love that you get weight training and cardio in one workout.
I love that the trainers will correct your form if you're not doing it right.
Redemption fitness is an upscale boutique gym that has the state-of -the-art facilities  and the first one of its kind.
The gym design is sleek, and contemporary, and the locker rooms and shower rooms are all top-notch and beautifully maintained.
It meets all my criteria for a great gym:)
Very simple, garage style gym.
That says a lot about what type of community and support this gym offers.
But, it has everything a gym should have without the frills.
It may not be pretty, but i'd take it over the megatron, beefcake fitness centres any day.
Whether you're an athlete or an average-joe, trainers will fit your needs.
I have joined another gym in the area but its not the same.
When it comes to cardio, i only really push myself so far when alone.
There is pretty a good flow throughout the gym and the areas are separated nicely.
In every gym it always seems to be way in the back, or tucked away in a corner.
Personal trainers for free.
Their newer gyms are really nice
I was really shocked when i went to the gym on dec 1 to find it locked and permanently closed.
Ysf was easily the best gym in the area.
He takes pride in this gym and it shows!
I highly recommend this gym to anyone!
It seems like an extremely advance climbing gym.
They make it affordable for individual workouts that other gyms would charge triple.
I joined about a month ago and absolutely love this gym.
So disappointed, back to the search for a gym :(
I am so incredibly grateful that i got paired with tyler, he is exactly what i need in a trainer.
I actually look forward to our trainings.
As fitness competitors and personal trainers, we all know that it takes a village to create that perfect physique!
This gym is great and the routines are never boring.
I've been coming here for years and even though this is a corporate gym it has a local gym feel.
There are a ton of free weights and every machine you would want.
This is my favorite gym to go to.
They have 9 stair masters so i can always hit cardio after lifting!
Awesome workout and trainers.
Life time athletic is seriously one of the most beautiful and high tech gyms i've ever gone to.
I'm not sure how long this gym has been here but it looks spanking new everytime you walk in.
Alex, tina and the entire personal training staff are knowledgeable, thorough and passionate about what they do.
I love his style of training.
I recently joined eos fitness and i love it.
All in all, a one-stop fitness shop
I felt so encouraged by the trainers and lost 8 pounds while i was going there.
I absolutely love this gym!
But what i love most of all at this gym are the classes.
This gym also has great clientele.
2014 i am very impressed with the gym at excel studios.
He is 15 years old and will be looking forward to the training for his 16th birthday.
I know many customers who have trained at excel and are very satisfied with the management and the customer service.
I would highly recommend stacey as a trainer, a motivator, a nutritionist, and a compassionate caring person.
And all fitness levels are welcome and you can get thru a class at any level.
Different than any crossfit gym you've ever been to.
The gym has everything you need.
Weights, cardio, crossfit, even punching bags.
Its a nice gym, not very crowded if you like to workout in the afternoon.
This place makes 24 hour fitness look like a dump!
(i'm just sayin...)  cardio machines galore!
Flat screens everywhere and on about half of the cardio machines!
Ladies, please don't put tons of  makeup and perfume on just to go to the gym!
The guys who train there were all super cool, and were really good.
Great staff, trainers, and music!!
Great atmosphere for all ages and fitness levels.
Awesome workout with trainers who care!
Thankfully my favorite instructor amber notified me she was starting at redemption fitness.
I'm not sure how there could be better trainers in toronto, especially for the money, than at housefit.
Way better than a trainer who will just oversee your workouts.
Alex matched me up with trainer joseph park.
The trainers melissa & diane are awesome!
It's more like a small group training session because of the individual attention each person receives.
I love the atmosphere, gym equipment and the prices are almost always better then other gyms for what you get!
Zack had been training me for the past three months but by week two i was already getting compliments!
I know i wouldn't do half the exercises i really need to do without having a trainer.
Zack not only trains you but will give you a food plan outline.
He tailors to your fitness goals.
Did my personal training assessment today with the best personal trainer ever!!!!
Weight loss coming soon!!
Anytime fitness at yonge and elgin mills in richmond hill is an absolute fantastic gym!
The owners and trainers are there everyday to the point i think they may sleep there!
Love going to the gym now because of them and all their support!
Even with these issues its still the best gym in my opinion.
I have gone to classes and utilize their weights/machines and sauna.
They can get busy at times but what gym doesn't?
I love the idea that the gym is open 24 hours for flexibility.
Tiffany h. has been my trainer this summer and she's fantastic.
The definition of personal trainer.
The convenience of personal training near my residence is ideal, since my day to day schedule can be hectic.
I doubt i could find a trainer who is more flexible.
I recommend vim trim and particularly tiffany for training.
One on one training.
Mitch is a great trainer.
He designs individual fitness programs depending on his clients' needs and goals.
He also provides nutritional programs to augment the training programs.
I moved to az in may and searched for a good gym.
Honestly, this is the nicest gym i've ever been to, and it's free.
I never use either of those however, so on to my review of the gym.
Great gym and the best trainers!
Dillon is a wonderful personal trainer!
Tip 2: 70% of the women who attend these are super athletic, fit, probably used to be dancers or gymnasts.
My daughter loves her gymnastics class at usa youth fitness center.
The coaches are all really encouraging & have really helped build my daughter's confidence in gymnastics.
Open gym is always a lot of fun, too, although it can get crowded during school breaks.
The trainers are so great at explaining the technical aspect to beginners.
Love the gym, love the daycare!
The gym in clean, the dry sauna is wonderful.
Very happy with this gym.
I really appreciate the friendly and kind staff, and stephanie has been my favorite trainer so far.
(3) trainer directed class.
It's like having a personal trainer.
Awesome way to start my new relationship with my new gym.
Personal trainers are womderful.
Kari miller has made such a difference in my fitness.
I would just like to reiterate that this gym is a great place to be.
Since joining snap a month ago i have lost weight and built muscle.
Additionally she showed me around the gym and pointed out the areas and offered me a locker.
About the gym itself - it's very small.
Overall - clean, friendly, affordable, and adequate for almost any non-schwarzenegger gym goer.
This gym has just the amount you need to get in a quality workout, at an affordable rate.
Thank you eos fitness centers for including this in your fitness programs and packages.
I've been to several crossfit gyms.
While almost all gyms say that they are for everyone at any level, most crossfit experiences are just the opposite.
There was a warm and friendly atmosphere that is unlike any gym i've ever belonged.
I may be newer to the gym but so far i love it.
This is not like your typical golds gym or lvac.
I like to refer to is at the country club of gyms.
It may be double the price of most gyms but you definitely get what you pay for.
This was my first time visiting a rock gym and i had a great time.
Best option in streetsboro...perfect amount of equipment in fitness center and staff very knowledgeable!
I love this gym!
It doesn't have that that musky smell like 24hour fitness does.
Finally a gym that i actually go and not just paying the membership!
Always a trainer there to work with you.
Love all the trainers!
I've always liked this gym.
Their group fitness classes are awesome.
I also like the fact that there's a separate women's gym.
What a great gym and dedicated ladies!!
The coaches have been really good so far and the owner is extremely involved with the gym.
They have everything from pools, classes and a womens gym.
As a local nyer with endless gym options i was impressed and wish we had something like this back home.
The people at this gym are very nice, and my coaches get my hospital jokes.
I love this gym for its convenience and location to my house.
I rarely have trouble accessing machines or weights that i need.
It's so cheap for what you get compared to corporate /chain gyms #2.
I see there is a new gym being built on pecos.
Because kolton (my trainer/ mentor) and orenda force are so very worth it.
Was a beachbody coach for a few years and even teach my own fitness class.
Ive been overweight and i have been ripped to the bone with a six pack.
I've read and educated myself in all things fitness, but the moment i decided to do my first bodybuilding comp.
I consulted my very good friend who i train with regularly and trust, she recommended kolton.
This location is one of the larger lvac gyms - my guess is the rainbow location is bigger.
Highlights:  - i like the separate "free weight" room.
- large cardio equipment area   yeah, i get it, sometimes the place is very busy, but it's manageable.
I've been going to this la fitness for the last 6 months and signed up for personal training.
The new head of the training department is really passionate and really wants you to succeed.
The equipment is in great condition and my trainer is flexible with my sessions.
The price for personal training is a little steep but highly competitive compared to other places.
Until i find a good boxing gym nearby, this will be my regular workout place.
I recently (3 weeks ago) joined snap fitness and hired noah and judy as my personal trainers.
I absolutely love this gym and my trainers!
I told my husband this gym is so nice and friendly, i feel like its the tv show "cheers."
Gym is nice and empty at 5 am especially the girls room.
I continued on as a gym member.
Raw is the only gym for me!
I would definitely check the gym out for yourself if you're skeptical about the other not-so-great reviews.
It has a good pool, a good gym and a good weight floor.
I had been going to the same trainer, religiously, for years and years.
Full disclosure, i'm a certified cpt through nasm and was convinced i possessed a vast knowledge about training.
Usually the customer service at a gym is only fair to none.
I received a call from elijah and came into the gym.
If you are thinking of joining, skip using the internet and just come into the gym, it's a lot easier.
This gym is generally very quiet and everybody minds their own business.
Anytime is the most chill gym.
Great cardio session, complete with stairmasters though.
If it's anything around the same now, this would definitely not be my gym of choice.
Like with most gyms you are going to have your pros and cons!
The parking is always crazy during peak times but what gym isn't?
Great gym, a ton of different equipment options including a section of turf!
Tons of cardio equipment and weight selections.
To quote ms. tiffany, "it's a gym.
To be clear, the main gym does not foster an environment of judgement, this is simply my own insecurities.
It's great finally finding a personal trainer who truly believes in me & my goals.
I'm so glad that personal trainer is angela!
There's four reason i gave this gym five stars.
I took of tour of this ms fitness on my lunch break one day and i was sold.
Michael is a great trainer who knows his stuff.
The gym isn't the biggest, but it doesn't matter.
I'd recommend michael to anybody that needs a trainer.
Excellent training for reasonable prices!
I highly recommend vimtrim to anyone looking for group or personal training.
The facility is great and standard for an la fitness (good thing).
However on my 1st visit to tour the gym before joining wasn't great.
Luckily since joining its been good & meets the high quality la fitness is known for.
I've been training with zack for about 10 months & the results i've achieved have been nothing short of amazing!
I have always been afraid to join a major chain gym.
I have felt uncomfortable with all the "hard  bodies" walking around at other gyms.
It's a huge gym with many machines to choose from.
Needed a to find a gym for the summer and i love coming here.
There's also a cardio theatre in the back of the gym.
I haven't come across any gyms so far in my area that have this yet.
One downside is that the gym doesn't offer any classes on sundays.
You can go as hard as you want, modifying exercises, increasing or decreasing weight.
The trainers, kim, janice, joe to name a few learn your name and your level of fitness.
The trainers could be friendlier....
Just joined la fitness.
You get 1 free personal trainer session.
He went over the program and gave me the first training session for my legs.
If you want a personal trainer i would recommend him.
They also have free weights, circuit training and plenty of machines.
With several televisions and equipment in better than average shape, fitness 19 delivers.
Small gym but great options.
Such a great gym and great child care.
This gym is great!
The fitness consultants are so pleasant to talk to and there is always plenty of equipment to choose from!
Such a great gym on this side of town!
Most importantly, such a cool and friendly vibe for levels of fitness!!
Climbmax is a large gym with all types of routes.
They've added new cardio equipment and are going to keep adding and updating.
I really missed the group strength training component soccer used to give me.
Both my children 20 months and 4 have attended the little gym for over 1 year.
Today i decided to try this gym near my home, instead of the one on broadway.
Things i love about this gym  machine arrangements were awesome!
Oh and there were some newer machines i haven't seen before at the other gym on broadway.
I will update more about this gym later since it my first time and was short on time to explore.
Before joining team 44, i was working out most days at the gym, but didn't have a very regimented routine.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone i know!
Tony, dexter, neema and mark are the best trainers in the game.
They have, hands down, the best bouldering of any gym in the phoenix area.
This place is constantly improving, taking into consideration customer feedback and growing as a gym and as a community.
I have been going to this gym for 3 years after 8 years going to lvac.
The staff, personal trainers are also friendly.
Well, a visible weight gain, and it turns out that whitney doesn't enjoy working out.
Best gym in las vegas!
If your looking for an elite gym, look no more.
And i was looking all over for a nice gym... i just love this place.
Best gym in las vegas
My response was, "no one wanted to see a middle aged overweight woman at a north scottsdale gym".
Gym has a good variety of machines.
More gyms need to have people like him in them.
I will start off by saying i do not train here.
I really enjoy this gym.
He is working his way up in the gym and i have observed how sim is a very good teacher.
I have nothing but good things to say about him, his father, and their gym.
This is by far the best gym in vegas.
Thanks to scott i don't go to the gym and only do cardio and machines.
Trainers are fabulous....what more is there to say!
This isn't just a gym this a whole new life!
The trainers are unbelievably caring and supportive.
Classes: rep- intervals with the treadmill and floor/weight work.
Ride- i am familiar with their lead spin instructor from another gym.
He acts more like a marine drill sergeant than a gym representative.
I've been going to this gym for almost two years now and i can't see myself going anywhere else.
This gym is amazing!!!!
Great gym and great equipment!
Since joining sol crossfit i have seen so many gains in my fitness.
The coaches really care about helping you achieve your fitness goals and work with you to improve your technique.
Lindsey is more than a trainer, she is an inspiration!
She has taken fitness from something i struggle with into a new happier way of life.
I also train with some other great girls who help keep me accountable and motivated.
I've trained at his club a few times and will continue to train there when making visits to lv.
I plan on visiting place frequently while when visiting lv and have the itch to train!!
I have been looking for a gym so i can get back into a healthy lifestyle.
This is a great gym; open 24 hours, friendly staff, knowledgeable trainers.
One of the trainers, jerry i believe, answered my questions about exercise and made me enthusiastic about working out again.
I would recommend this gym to anyone, a serious exercise enthusiast or a complete beginner.
The pitt is the most awesome fitness experience i have ever had!
The trainers and facility are simply the best!
Love the trainers, they remember your name and make you feel at home.
First gym that kept me coming back!
Thank you yelp for finding me new gym!
I have worked with john turose at liv north scottsdale for individual training and group classes.
So, i signed up for urban active back in april before i even saw the giant gym.
They are definitely a hard sell when showing their gym and personal training.
Pros: i have really liked the classes i've taken, and the teachers, and the personal trainers.
Anyone looking to change up their gym routine should for sure give it a try!
All and all this la fitness may have saved my membership from switching back to my previous gym.
I started going to the la fitness awhile back.
One of the nicest gyms i've seen and the friendliest people/staff make it worth it.
I am a life long fitness obsessor.
Definitely recommend fitness lovers (or first timers) to give it a try
There's a 30-minute ab area, a 30-minute circuit area, stretching machines, free weights, and lots of other muscle-strengthening/building/toning machines.
They really want everyone to feel comfortable there, despite their fitness level (and mine is bordering on pathetic currently).
I started at rpm almost a year ago by joining their tribefit training program.
She's pushed me to train harder than i've ever pushed myself or have been pushed by trainers at other gyms.
I've been training with tribefit consistently since i started and now also partake in group fitness classes as well.
Professional, compassionate, super fun - this gym is a+ and i can't speak highly enough about it.
The trainers are terrific.
I've read a lot of reviews for this gym and have to disagree with most.
Tons of machines and free weights are up to date.
Lots of cardio machines and benches.
I recommend the spin class on mondays and sundays and the cardio kickbox class on wednesdays.
Fitness has a real neighborhood-feel to it !
Strength training is new and difficult for me.
The trainer matt, made sure his instructions scaled to my ability which i found incredibly helpful.
Gyms around town have such different offerings/cultures so let me highlight some specifics:  1.
It's a studio styled - open gym, with lots of strength equipment: strength machines, kettlebells, weight racks, sled, tires etc.
Cardio here primarily involves lifting heavy things rapidly.
Changing area, showers, snacks, beverages, hot tub, fitness center, steam and dry saunas, meditation room and lounge.
If you want to workout in a clean gym, this is the place to go.
I have been in four other gyms in town and this location is tops.
The gym and equipment are also clean with plenty of air movement.
Very well managed, i love going to this gym.
Great gym + healthy food combo.
The personal trainers are also top notch!
Plus grand gym au canada,  complet avec beaucoup de services connexes.
Lot's of cardio machines, good array of weight machines and of course free weights.
Professional ufc fighters are part of the traing staff.
You can choose just to get a gym membership, or gym + mma training.
The gym membership is reasonably priced.
Kettlebell classes, spinning, yoga and more in the gym section.
I was never motivated with the gym.
Additionally, they now have zumba as well to add cardio to your workout regimen.
He has mastery knowledge in all aspects of fitness and nutrition.
As a paralympic gold medalist, i highly recommend spartan training!
Thank you robert and the rest of the spartan training team for all your efforts!
Worst of all were the free weights here.
Another negative for me about this gym is that the showers do not have much power about them.
One more negative is that they did have to call my home gym to verify that i was a member.
Overall, definitely a 4 star gym.
I love titans because it is a serious gym.
Member for almost 8 years, since before they opened this gym.
I look forward to making them my new cycling home gym..
Hard knocks is a fantastic place to train.
I will never train anywhere else!
Highly recommend him if you're looking for a personal trainer!
Many la fitness clubs around town have great instructors too!
Only complaint is that many members don't re-rack weights even though there are signs everywhere.
Trainer was nice and brought mat from outside the room for me.
Most importantly my son enjoys learning and wants to go to the gym every day.
Not going to lie, i only come to the gym for the classes.
I just got a membership at la fitness.
I had a training session with parker and he is outstanding.
Best gym in the area!!!
Las vegas barbell is the answer if i were to imagine the perfect gym.
Olympic lifting, strength, and fitness - this place has it all.
Las vegas barbell is the pinnacle to which all gyms should aspire.
If you're looking for an amazing personal trainer, you want ron!!
He is by far the best and is a certified master trainer with 20+ years of experience.
He introduced me to boxing where it has become my favorite cardio routine now.
He truly cares about you and your progress and i'm so happy to call him my trainer!
The trainer i work with is extremely competent and professional.
I just joined fitness connection (fc) last year while living in charlotte.
Having worked in rmany gyms before, i knew the drill.
It's a good place for people with all kinds of fitness goals.
There is a mix of new and older cardio equipment from stairmasters to amts and treadmills.
Much like the cardio, these pieces seem to be a mix of old and new.
I'm more often annoyed that no one seems to re-rack their weights (but i can't fault fc staff for this).
Richelle is an outstanding trainer.
I purchased the personal training for a year.
I've been trained by vlad who i highly recommend.
Rob is my main trainer who is equally as wonderful.
Also, when i started, weightlifting and rowing really intimidated me.
Furthermore, the owners, management, staff, and trainers are all personable.
However, it's important to remember that it's about 20-30% fitness & 70-80% diet when it comes to body transformation.
Fitness is one of the top notch gyms in my eyes.
I had both my trainers there and i want to shout out to steve.
He's amazing and i miss having him as my trainer.
I've seen a few reviews about weights being dropped in the training area.
It is easily the single most supportive fitness environment i've ever been a part of.
All the trainers are fantastic.
Just became a member at title boxing and i'm so impressed with this gym.
Truly appreciate you and the gym.
The teachers are excellent, right amount of fitness but it also someone manages to be somewhat relaxing despite being challenging.
One of the best la fitness in the area.
The gym is organized and doesn't get too crowded.
It also has the best hours compared to any gym around.
My kids love it too and ask when we are going to the gym.
I love strength and fitness classes too - you get the best results in a short amount of time.
I adore jesse, he's one of the most passionate and funnest trainers i've met, radiating with so much positive energy.
Having a great trainer/instructor really makes a big impact!!!
I'm not that great at strength training, but all the trainers are encouraging and will help you out.
I have the best experiences at eos fitness.
He really took an interest in me and my trainer.
I am really accomplishing my goal of becoming more healthy and weight loss.
Awesome gym to go to.
I've been away from a gym for about a year.
Right now i'm primarily focused on cardio.
I love the variety of cardio machines in this gym.
At this gym you get a heart rate chest strap, which provide me the information i need.
The strap is a big reason i joined this gym.
Numerous weight machines are in a semi-circle around an open area, with free weights at various easy to locate positions.
I highly recommend this gym.
There are 2 floors in this gym which can be a minor inconvenience depending on your workout.
It's an fantastic cardio workout.
I've lost weight, gained muscle, and i've started running everyday in addition to the kickboxing classes.
I cannot speak highly enough of this gym.
I workout at a standard type gym plus yoga, this is a great way to mix-it-up!
Weights and machines are all in good shape and plentifull, this is a large facility.
I use to be at 24hr fitness but this is so much better.
Cardio equipment is full of variety too.
Is it the nicest super uber fanciest gym ever?
I come out of my way 3 out of 5 training days/week just to work out at this goodlife branch.
Avoid peak times as is the case with any commercial gym.
All of the trainers are wonderful.
I have finally found my "soulmate" gym/workout!
Great staff & trainers!
But the trainers are encouraging and i made it through!
This is an incredible workout, and a fun little fitness community.
The gym is pretty clean, and well organized.
They have chairs set up around the gym so you can stay out of the way as you watch.
We saw floyd jr, twice during our stay and he seems very humble and very proud of his gym.
Lots of modern equipment with tv screens available and a large weight training area.
The gym has always been kept well and the presence of cleaning staff are regularly visible.
I love 24 fitness!
The gym is close to my house and open 24 hours.
This planet fitness isn't as busy as some of the other ones.
The price is good and the gym is adequate.
I have changed up my work out routine from traditional weight lifting to pittsburgh kettlebell and performance.
There is nothing wrong with traditional weight lifting.
The trainers are very conscientious to ensure you do not hurt yourself.
They make sure your form is on point and urge you to use lighter weights.
This would be ideal to augment a gym.
If you like mirrors, weights, and chatting/texting in a gym, amenzone is not for you.
There is a big group fitness area for classes, as well as a smaller dedicated spin class room.
The change rooms are equally nice, with big wood panelled lockers that actually fit a gym bag.
Really loving this great new gym in my neighbourhood!
I have been training on and off for nearly a decade.
In which i have trained amongst some amazing trainers.
But i can honestly say sonny rivals the best i've had the privilege to train with.
If you want some great training and support in the room and at competitions this is the place to go.
I wish there was; i loved this gym.
I used the amt machines, lifted weights, and loved the steam room.
I always went after work and it was usually not so packed that i couldn't get a cardio machine.
Most of the staff are friendly, and didn't give me patronizing looks like i've gotten at other gyms.
I wish i had a gym like this in pa, i miss it!
Titans gym has been my workout place of choice for many, many years.
I give it 5 stars because the free weights are second to no one in northeast ohio.
And there are fantastic trainers like erin and gi jayne, who teaches a mean cross training and weight lifting class.
I love fitness and i love trying new things.
Excellent location, smart and experienced trainers, multiple classes each day, and a great atmosphere.
Highly recommended for all fitness levels.
The only problem here is the cardiotheater stinks!
There are free weights, places to stretch on a mat, lots of machines to lift weights, etc.
Other gyms are just not the same.
The atmosphere, the trainers, and the workouts are all just different.
You don't get that "i'm displaying my male dominance" feeling like in other gyms.
The trainers really take there time to work with you on your fitness goals.
Give it a try and you will not want to go to any other gym.
They bought a whole bunch more elliptical and stationary bikes, and now it's quite a bit more cardio.
The gym seems a bit out of date and i noticed a few broken cardio machines.
The gym itself is nice and has a great atmosphere.
I would highly recommend this gym and tom to anyone looking to make changes in their life!
If you decide to get a personal trainer, i recommend him.
I have been a member for 3 months and i can wholeheartedly give this gym a solid 4 stars!
The facilities are very clean and there are an abundance of machines and weights to use.
There are never line ups for the treadmills or bikes so i can do my cardio when i want.
The price is reasonable and for what you get, its the best gym around in the immediate area.
I absolutely hate the gym... like on joke.
I was then set up for my free training session with melanie (who is awesome, btw!
Melanie set me up with the most amazing trainer, sean!
I've been to other gyms in the past, which is probably why i hated the gym...
Because of mountainside, i may or may not becoming a gym rat.
I have never used a personal trainer before i signed up at ugf.
I always did group training classes at my gym.
Love pure body fitness studio!!
It's an unique group exercise fitness facility with so much to offer!
Two thumbs up for pb fitness!
I'm not a gym person, but i have enjoyed my experience at this particular la fitness.
I did a personal training session with r.d.
I have been working out at fitness 19 for almost 3 years now.
I had never had a gym membership before because i'm a runner and used to run outside.
I like fitness 19.
However, this is one of the reasons you pay less than some other gyms.
Jesse is the most upbeat and inspiring trainer i have ever worked with.
His passion for what he does shows in every training session.
The place is always so clean and their personal trainers are great.
I'm struggling to decide on my stars for this gym.
This was formerly extreme fitness but is now a goodlife so think it deserves a new listing.
The gym itself is a nice space-very loft-like which is kind of appropriate for the entertainment district location.
Lots of cardio machines which are pretty new and appear to work!
They're mainly a mix of life fitness and precor.
Weight section is decent enough.
They're apparently planning to add trx training but it will presumably be limited to personal training clients only.
Some of the trainers from mccaul gl are moving here and they're nice guys so that bodes well.
The gym is much larger and nicer than i had expected.
I like that you just walk in the door and the cardio equipment is right there.
The equipment is all in good shape, since this is a newer gym.
Overall, this is a great gym for an incredibly reasonable price.
If you are looking to just do some cardio and weights, then this is a great option.
If you love classes and need childcare, then this is not the gym for you.
I am training for a triathlon, so used the outdoor pool, and the indoor bikes and treadmill.
This is the best gym ever!
I would recommend this gym to anyone.
It's pretty much like high school here at lifetime gym but i still love it.
If you are single looking for a fit mate this is the best gym to join.
The trainers here do a great job keeping me motivated!
You know you're in for a good day of training when it's with the team at hard knocks!
The gym itself could use some improvement but i will keep coming back solely because of alex.
If you are looking for a passionate, knowledgeable, genuine, hard-working personal trainer, alex is definitely the man to see.
I think cyc fitness is part cult.
I went to their new location on the east side so i am specifically mentioning that gym.
Perfect warehouse type gym that is extremely motivating for those that take fitness seriously.
It's no wonder why he is so highly regarded in the fitness community.
He focuses on positive messaging and attitude, with killer workout sessions that you can scale to your individual fitness level.
The workouts are extremely well thought out...and designed around total body fitness, mobility, endurance and strength.
Our daughter attends this gym.
She's part of the adult cardio kickboxing and the kids grappling classes.
I wanted to write a quick update after another three months of membership at women's fitness.
I'm still working with my trainer michelle and she's still amazing as ever.
I really appreciate the fact that carrie puts some thought into matching the trainer and the client.
Awesome gym with huge renovations and improvements being done.
The people here are warm and welcoming; the perfect gym for me and my wife.
I've been coming to revolution since the gym opened.
I feel challenged and am excited to continue in building my strength and fitness.
This is one if the best 24 hour fitness in the phoenix area.
I have trained with jesse for a couple of years and he has impacted my life in so many ways.
I received an hour heath evaluation/training session courtesy of the gym.
He's the perfect example of what he educates..unlike a lot of trainers out there.
His portfolio of current and past trainees is ridiculously impressive.
If your serious and need a serious trainer that will be your number 1 motivator.
Shawn is a dedicated and professional personal trainer committed to helping his clients achieve success.
I started training with shawn based on the reviews i found online and the results speak for themselves.
Super knowledgeable trainers and friendly athletes.
It is a great space to train in and i will definitely visit again when i am back in town.
Barre isn't the only fitness exercise offered either.
I hit the pavement, the trails, or the gym; i get in my zone, and i sweat.
Whether you're looking to lose weight, strengthen, or find your zen, this studio is a top-notch choice.
This is a great gym with wonderful staff.
I had been doing personal training with stephanie (which has been amazing).
The gym is clean, well stocked and they offer plenty of classes!
They have the regular crossfit programming, and another class, "work," that's more cardio and lighter weights.
Same owners as woodbridge location and they keep their gyms in good shape!
Good affordable 24 hr gym.
I moved and needed to cancel the membership and this was quit easy (comparing to some other gyms).
My wife and i trained with dorian and he gave us a great workout.
Went to this gym as it was very close to where i was staying in montreal.
If you're in the neighborhood and need a gym, this nautilus plus should definitely be in your list.
40 minutes of blended cardio, strength & flexibility!
In addition there are quick 30 minute classes that concentrate on body areas and cardio!
Any fitness level is perfect for fitwall!
Its is definitely a place for anyone at any fitness level.
The instructors are well trained and always give a great workout.
There is a great mixture between strength training and cardio.
I would absolutely recommend this gym to everyone.
I was always lucky to never gain weight since i was constantly working out due to athletics.
I couldn't ask for a better gym.
While this gym has an outdated look, the personal training is awesome!
I've done training at other la fitness locations and this one has significantly better trainers.
My first training session was great!
And...why not work out when you could have a good looking trainer to help!
Clinton candrella is their assistant fitness director and he is so awesome.
The gym itself is chill; clean and the parking is fabulous.
I definitely recommend ilkb to anyone looking for a 5star gym place :)
This is the best gym i have ever been to!!!
Unlike other personal trainers the uf trainers are kind, respectful, and actually get me to my goals!
The gm ryan is one of the most respectful and knowledgeable trainers i have ever met!
He has helped so many of my friends reach their goals with health and fitness.
How dare you try to ruin such an amazing gyms reputation!
Has everything from basketball courts, raquetball, lots of free classes, indood and outdoor pool, tons cardio equipment
I have lost some weight and i am a lot stronger.
Nice trainers that know what they're doing.
Just a tad expensive, but worth it if you use the gym 4-5 days a week like i do.
My wife and i have been with la fitness since florida a few years back.
Moved here to az and attended the gym in tempe.
We took our first complementary training with dorian, i'd have to say he is a very knowledgeable guy!
Kudos to this gym location for having a great staff!!
He is professional and personable and understands my fitness goals!
Dlg is an outstanding gym!
The coaches are top notch and push the girls to not only be great gymnasts but good people.
This particular la fitness has the best cardio workout in the valley.
I highly recommend this place to people who are in the gym every day, and even beginners!
Definitely recommend this gym!
A great boxing and fitness club.
This isn't a gym and you really do feel like part of a family.
This club is run with a high amount of integrity and is a great environment to meet your fitness goals.
This gym is something like lvac with less traffic and has a basketball gym.
It's a very welcoming environment with great energy and a place to really grow and reach your fitness goals.
All three trainers are very easy to talk to and are happy to answer any questions.
Definitely one of the nicer staffed la fitnesses i have been too.
What makes this gym different for me.... is the general manager and his genuine communication.
Because  let's face it... that's what mega gyms do.
At 48 years old, i have never been athletic, hated running, and was putting on more and more weight.
I love this gym!
I'm glad i was introduced to this gym.
I was a member at 24 hour fitness and used to do all the boot camps but needed something different.
There are many different levels of fitness and the coaches adjust everyone accordingly.
I can't say enough about this crossfit gym.
Shawn is absolutely an amazing trainer.
He is very professional and knowledgeable about weight lifting.
And i have gained some weight lifting knowledge i desired to learn.
Edit: the fitness center is now 3 dollars a use, and you can get multi-use passes.
Not only does the trainer, brandon know the ins and outs of fitness but he is an amazing instructor.
The trainers take the time to learn about the clients.
I love going to this gym because the staff are nice and friendly.
I just wish they have the dry sauna instead of the tanning salon like other gyms.
For those who need some motivation to go, i suggest to get a trainer.
I was like that before and after training with daniel g., i started enjoying the workout.
Great camaraderie with a real "family" feel; so much better than ordinary gyms.
That help you reach your fitness goals.
Personal training that pushes me to work harder than i'd ever manage on my own.
I can't comment on the spa because i've never used it, but the body bar is my gym.
I occasionally use the gym as well - it's small and usually empty or nearly empty, which i like!
If you are looking for a local gym that will hold you accountable to your goals this is the place.
The trainers are personable and know their stuff!
I've been a member of nearly all the gyms that have been or are in the charlotte area.
Towel service for gym goers, yeppers--and their not small either--large and rather fluffy.
The gym is always clean and very safe!
You name it, this gym has it.
First things first, this gym membership is pretty damn affordable.
I workout at multiple gyms and this one is by far the least expensive.
Second, this gym really has everything that you need to reach your fitness goals.
This gym may not be as big or equipped as an lvac and i get it.
The gym is fairly large and all of the machines are kept in good condition and fairly new.
The fitness teachers here are excellent compared to other locations around the city.
I've been going to la fitness for almost 3 months and a smaller gym for 3 years previously.
Great gym with everything you reasonably need and way better price than golds.
I have been coming to this la fitness for five years.
Don't try to do cardio right after work on a monday or tuesday.
Those personal trainers are suh-leeee-zeee 4.
Underground fitness was not at all what i expected.
I have never had a personal trainer before and it had been quite a while since i had worked out.
I was expecting egotistical trainers and arduous workouts.
This was not the case...  my trainer jon has been awesome from the beginning.
He is everything you would want in a personal trainer.
He keeps training interesting and challenging.
When they found out i wasn't achieving my goals, they offered to help me with a trainer for free!
They have weightlifting, strength & fitness, nutrition, one-on-one, anything you could ever need.
I recommend the gym overall.
The class i signed up for online was titled weightlifting and barbell club.
I have worked out at uf fitness for over a year now and love it!
This place was just what i was looking for in a gym.
I won a complimentary training session with josh, and it went really well!
Really liked this gym.
Most of the people at this gym are pretty nice.
It's a big gym but doesn't have a big industrial feel.
When i first walked in, first time to myself amatuer gym.
Then i found out professionals trained here.
Since i began going to summerlin crossfit  three months ago, i have not went to another gym.
I joined the gym in march.
Felt welcomed and supported as i was very out of shape and looking to increase my fitness.
I train with monique who is fabulous.
I started going to la fitness last july after having a youfit membership for about a year.
I have always struggled with my weight and staying motivated to lose it.
The trainers have kept me motivated and accountable for ten months.
Overall i am very happy with la fitness and the personal trainers, worth every penny!
My favorite gym, friendly staff, great machines, clean restroom, nice pool.
Stopped by the gym, yesterday, my last day in vegas and it was quite the experience.
The gym is just a gym.
Awesome gym that challenges you mentally and physically.
The trainers are there help and motivate you, and will even modify the workout to your specific needs.
Finally a gym that i always want to come back to!
I have a history of gym yo-yoing...
I've been to big box gyms, small private gyms, specialized classes, big classes, you name it i've probably tried it.
The trainers at revolution have a eye for form and constantly help you to improve.
I really appreciate the priority of safety, form, and prevention of injury during classes & training sessions.
This gym has everything and its the best in scottsdale!!
This is also the cleanest gym
Personally one of the best gyms i have ever been too.
He's a cool guy and cares about his work, the gym, and especially the people.
For anyone who is reading this and is looking for a gym, at least stop by and check it out.
This is a gym.
I grew up in elyria and i have seen this gym grow, move and grow again by the college.
I learned to toss weights here as a kid.
Keep on training hard buckeyes.
We are depending on it and gyms that can weather the storm and still be alive.
I can't wait to train more with pfc crossfit
This is where zach forrest will have his new crossfit gym starting in july, 2011.
Dan fits in cardio, weights and ab work with the hiit (20 seconds on, 20 seconds off) methodology.
Triplex training is great!
At first i thought that with only three parts (treadmill, rowing, and strength training) that the workouts would get stale.
I love love love this gym.
That's what makes my boring cardio sessions go by in seconds.
It's  dirty, stinky, and frequented by sweaty meatheads who doesn't rerack weights and plates.
Great cardio and full body workout with the daily kickboxing classes as well as full free weight and turf section.
The sense of comradery and energy you get here is unlike any other gym.
Gym is conveniently located right above bay subway station.
Diverse wall of personal trainers with all sorts of training backgrounds.
Lots of cardio machines so there is rarely a wait to use.
Excellent variety of weight machines that allows me to hit all my muscles in all the angles possible.
Nancy and her trainers are all wonderful and will make sure you give your best for each workout.
(i lost 6lbs in her two week weight loss challenge!)
You get the small group/personal trainer experience at a standard (read: boring) gym membership price.
If your in need of a spotter or a trainer good luck.
This would be your go to gym if you do not need swimming pool.
Personal trainers are awsome especially andrew.
Always in a great mood , if lost alot of weight and inches training with him.
This was a great gym to stop in at when traveling through montreal.
The day pass price is very fair and the gym had all of the equipment i needed.
Not sure if this is a french canadian thing or a gym thing.. could be both.
The smoothie bar attached to the gym was quite nice once we had finished.
Overall, if in montreal, i will probably train here again.
I definitely think that this gym has improved and continues to improve, so keep up the good work.
One morning i went to check out the spa and gym and was pleasantly surprised.
Fitness is now $139/month.
Weight area was great, not a single random water bottle of towel laying around.
Plenty of free weights to use and the equipment worked really well.
I also love how all the cardio equipment has a tv on it!
I wish they would have a yoga, cycle or fitness class in the afternoon!
Jacqui is the owner and head trainer at modern genesis and she knows her stuff.
Integrating a new fitness program into your existing routine can be scary.
With so many martial arts gyms to choose from which one do you choose?
We consider ourselves gym rats, we are usually there everyday if not twice a day.
The weight room and crossfit area( or the playground as we call it) it the best i have seen.
Are you a 20 year old asu gymnast?
This gym is amazing.
Gym has everything you need.
The gym had lots of different routes.
The trainers are very friendly, knowledgeable and always there to help.
The staff is patient and did a great job training all of us on the safety of rock climbing.
I actually moved to north scottsdale so i could be close to this gym.
I'm not even a gym rat, but this place is like a resort.
For all this gym has to offer, it is an incredible value.
Three pools, sauna, steam rooms and by far the best cardio equipment of any gym i have been to.
I usually despise doing cardio indoors, but the treadmills and varied elliptical trainers make the cardio definitely more tolerable.
The grooming accessories are well stocked and it feels more like a vegas spa then a gym locker room.
It's people like him that keep lifetime fitness light years ahead of their competitors.
The best mma gym with the best trainers and the best facilities in vegas.
3.5 stars: we love this gym!
My husband gives the gym 3 stars as the men's locker room feels gross.
All in all, this la fitness does not deserve a two star rating.
Signed up with la just the other day and was lucky enough to be helped out by personal trainer joshua.
He was extremely knowledgeable on everything that had to do with fitness, nutrition and the gym itself!
My favorite gym, love it.
Great machines, huge basketball court, tennis and plenty of weights.
Most definitely recommend, this gym is worth it.
This gym is awesome.
Saw results immediately... truly the best gym around!
Prior to signing up for a trial i never participated in a group fitness program ever.
I've been to several fitness center before.
I don't know why people bashing la fitness so much.
The gym is state of the art for equipment and talent.
Love this gym and the open floor plan.
The price is good and it's well kept, which is insanely important in a gym environment.
It's quite a fun option for fitness and i'm excited to get flexible and strong with their help!
Great trainer, and the owners care about their clients.
Workouts which combine aerobic (cardio) and anaerobic (high intensity/interval training, bodyweight exercises) are varied.
So glad i joined this gym!
They definitely make this gym what it is!
It's the main reason we stay at this gym rather than going to lifetime.
Anytime fitness in solon has great staff who are always willing to help.
The trainers are great and they really make you work hard.
The gym is always clean.
I had to purchase training and i love it.
Great place to train.
Huge space, clean, knowledgeable trainers, and very helpful/friendly athletes.
This is a competition level gym, but welcomes everyone.
The trainers are awesome and really friendly.
Any big gym in any big city gets crowded at certain times.
This gym really has something for everyone.
This is a gym facility that has everything.
If you can deal with those small minuses, there's not much to dislike about this gym.
Best gym in scottsdale.
Has 9 lanes for swimming, tons of weights...rarely wait for equipment.
Tv's on the cardio machines...multiple classes and open all day.
This is about as nice as it gets for a standard gym.
It is a lot more crowded since la fitness acquired that gym on baseline and rural.
I found underground fitness because it's a convenient location and has a welcoming intimate environment.
I like the concept of personal and/or small group training because it's tailored to the individual.
This is a gym for any level of fitness and i think you will really see results.
If you are thinking of trying it - call immediately so you can experience the greatness of underground fitness!!
I've never been interested in gyms, but the fitwall classes are social, structured, and timely.
A normal gym just never really did anything for me; i could never get serious about going.
They are generally either fast-paced cardio or slower, strength training using trx-type straps or tension bands.
As i noticed my body changing, my focus on weight loss has morphed into building muscle.
Focus training 'semi-personal training' with up to four people.
The gym is in downtown in a cool little warehouse space.
There were no weights, benches, or rubber bands.
I've seen other la fitness gyms and this is one of the best.
Yes it is a crowded fitness center but it's also big.
Upstairs is for cardio, downstairs is for weight lifting.
I really enjoy coming to the gym.
I also enjoy doing cardio, 20 min on the bike, 20 on the stairs and some weights.
We love this gym and go regularly each time we visit montreal.
Never encountered a time when i couldnt use the weights/machine i wanted.
I'm actually quite surprised at the quality of this gym.
They also have the virtual fitness machine in the room where they hold the classes.
What can i say about this gym?
First off, let me just say that this is a gym people!
The peak hours here are busy but not nearly as bad as some of the gyms i've been to.
All in all, this has become my favorite gym to workout in.
His scottsdale-area gym is top notch, too.
He'll get you in and out in 30 minutes with a workout that combines both cardio and strength training.
I highly recommend jeremy scott fitness.
Interval training is no joke- but neither are the results!
This is a great sculpting workout for beginners through advanced fitness levels.
It's little neighborhood gym in st. henri.
The gym equipments are limited and old but firm 5 stars for the classes.
To all the people that complain about weights not being over 75 lbs....why would you even sign up there?!
Clearly, the average people working out don't use weights above that unless you are seriously trainning for competitions etc.
This gym is a full house all day and night!!!
Amazing gym for people of all fitness levels, from beginner to experienced.
Whether you want to lose fat, gain muscle or just gain a healthier lifestyle, this is the gym for you!
The trainers are extremely knowledgeable, very encouraging and very professional.
The trainers are so professional, and very informative.
The training classes are amazing.
I joined revolution training to do the 6 week challenge and completed my challenge 2 weeks ago.
I also would like to point out that revolution training is home to people in all different walks of fitness.
If you are looking for a change in your health, i highly recommend working with the revolution training team.
I could not have picked a better gym!
Underground fitness really puts personal into personal training.
I learned exercises that i will continue to do on my own at home and at the gym.
Karl barton was my class trainer and he made it fun and pushed us hard!
This place is perfect for that, with both the aerial yoga type classes and the super unique bungee fitness.
The trainers are awesome and they all have great playlists.
They have a cycling room, studio for classes, hot yoga and a small turf for extra training.
I highly recommend tanner larson (trainer) at scottsdale la fitness.
Great yoga classes, nice clean weight area - always fun people watching lol.
I would recommend going when derek is training if you are a beginner, hes one of the more forgiving trainers.
I have gone to this gym for over 4 years.
When it changed from 24hr to la fitness i was a bit skeptical but i have been pleasantly surprised.
Today i had a session with the training manager jamie sinohui and was greatly impressed.
If you are in need of some training guidance this is the guy to see.
I personally love this gym!
Of the eos fitness clubs i've been to, this is by far the cleanest.
Kosama is hands down the best gym i have ever been a member of.
The classes are varied and designed for all experience and fitness levels.
Each week of working out gives you a balanced fitness of strength, cardio and core.
The trainers are attentive and always ensure that you are using proper form so you won't get injured.
I can't imagine ever working out at a regular gym again!
Everyone was friendly and it helps that there are people here at all different fitness levels.
This review is of craig, one of the trainers at la fitness moon valley.
I met with craig last night as complimentary due to my new membership with la fitness.
We did a few items as an intro to personal training.
If and when i sign up for personal training, i will definitely choose craig as my personal trainer.
All of the instructors are very well trained and make the class so enjoyable.
I have had a membership with four gyms in las vegas and this one is by far my favorite.
My fianc ended up buying me a gym membership here so i could continue coming with him.
The weight area is definitely lacking.
Half of the the weights are not maintained.
They just have to get the weights and machines maintained and or upgraded.
If this place did that i would cancel my other gym membership and just have this one.
And the training is surprisingly simple but extremely effective.
Amanda helped me lose the weight and gain muscle with some simple workouts, education and fun conversation.
I absolutely love this la fitness!
I love personable gyms.
I had my first training session with the trainer brendon g today and he was fabulous.
I highly recommend anyone who enjoys exercise and fitness to attend this gym.
I love the broken up concept from the cardio room to the weight room and the class rooms.
I am absolutely in love with this gym!
I was hesitant to join a gym until i found metroflex!
I haven't been a gym member in over 5 years and i have done pretty well without it(lost 130lbs)!
Now that i have found this gym i know i am well on my way!
Not a member but needed a gym to workout at in town.
Wish my local gym was this big and had the variety of equipment this place has.
My son's goal was to drop the weight as fast and safely as possible.
After investigating several gyms and personal trainers, we went to spartan.
Last week my son completed the army air assault training at fort campbell kentucky.
I wouldn't go anywhere else for pole classes and fitness:] love the booty, praise the booty.
His customer service is above and beyond, will do anything to help out a gym member, more than they deserve.
I was originally trying to lose weight but now i don't even worry about the scale.
It's great for all fitness levels.
I recently joined la fitness and i was able to set up a free training session with josh.
I signed up for personal training with theresa and it's totally worth the $$ .
The gym itself was very easy to find and close to the local mall.
Once inside, i was greeted by a knowledgable trainer who gladly sold me the day pass without any trouble.
I went out to lift weights and noticed there was a basketball court.
Overall a great gym; next time though i'm skipping the smoothie bar.
Pretty laid back gym.
It's never too busy and i can always get the weights i need.
If you need a trainer check out ken!
Can't speak to the other services the y offers but the gym is well equipped and up kept.
I absolutely love this gym!
My wife and i had one training session with josh as i just joined the fitness center.
Rarely have i seen a team of employees that work together as well as the trainers at uf.
Each trainer is passionate, upbeat, and knowledgeable about their work.
They have great dedication to their clients' goals through fitness and diet.
I absolutely love this gym!!!
Their director verda is a wonderful woman along with their gym manager josh and personal training manager andre.
You can tell the equipment is used but would you really expect anything less from a 24/7 gym?
This is the only gym i've been to aside from ones on university campuses and i really enjoy coming here.
For $44/mo you get unlimited access to the gym and classes - yoga, pilates, zumba, etc.
There are plenty of free weights and machines for strength training, also a basketball court.
Yes, despite the nuances, i still enjoy my la fitness.
Love this gym and the child care!
Joined earlier this year and really like the gym- quality equipment that they update and add to regularly.
Outstanding facility, knowledgeable trainers, friendly staff.
I've been really happy with my experience here and with the type of training i've been getting.
I have gone to this gym for over 4 years.
When it changed from 24hr to la fitness i was a bit skeptical but i have been pleasantly surprised.
Today i had a session with the training manager jamie sinohui and was greatly impressed.
If you are in need of some training guidance this is the guy to see.
This is probably my fav eosfitness center.
I've tried a few of these boutique fitness gyms (f45, soulcycle, barry's) recently and this is by far my favourite.
You also have to bring your own locker it's not included, unlike some of the other gyms.
I started training at impact mma about 2 months ago and it has been a great experience.
I highly recommend this gym!
I really wish this gym was in my area.
We went to the best cardio dance class i've ever been to.
The gym had amply space, equipment, and assistance.
Everything in the gym was clean.
I'm not speaking for every la fitness but this one is top notch.
But, mostly i'd like to say tyler my master trainer is as good as they come.
We love this gym.
I have belonged to several fitness centers in my lifetime and this is by far the best.
Jeremy gives you the opportunity and knowledge to understand fitness outside of the gym walls and be active everywhere everyday.
But i gained so much more - friends, a fitness family, confidence, reflection, gratitude.
The other trainers monica & jacob are just as kind and wonderful.
This is a great place to meet your fitness goals)
I also really like that you get some personal attention from the trainers each class.
A great leg set up and is excluded from the rest of the gym!
He's given me an awesome outlook on working out and made me so much more comfortable in the gym.
Pros :  one of the best goodlife gyms in town.
Carpets are old and need to be replaced  more weights are needed in the leg area.
I signed up in march and got to try a personal trainer through ryan.
He put me with an amazing personal trainer david!
And ask to work with david as a personal trainer!
I've walked past gold's gym many times and not once did i ever think about stepping in.
It looked to gym prestigious to me.
Went to this gym for a little over a year.
Signed up for a year contract and have no complaints as far as the gym equipment or staff goes.
Pretty expensive compared to most gyms in the area.
The pro results staff take the time to train you with a good focus on form to build muscle.
Some v1's could be rated as 3's in other gyms.
The routes are different than other gyms and i definitely learned a bit.
There is also a community in this gym.
I have been at 365 gym for a month now.
I have finally found a gym to call home.
I will admit i am not a gym person but now can't imagine not going to the gym.
Jason is amazing as a trainer.
He is not just a trainer he is an educator.
I would highly encourage anyone who is looking for a trainer to check out 365 gym.
I had more than two years membership at this gym ...
His team of trainers are wonderfully pleasant, great to work with, and extremely knowledgeable.
There are classes of every kind (yoga, barre, pilates, cardio, weights, zumba, cycle, and more) for all skill levels.
The newly-renovated cardio and weight rooms are great.
My experience at revolution training has been great.
Everyone at revolution training is amazing!
There are three parts to this review: the fitness center, the spa area/locker rooms, and the treatment itself.
Fitness center we checked in early so we could use the workout facilities.
They have a good amount of treadmills, ellipticals, and bicycles for the size of the fitness center.
Definitely go early and take advantage of the fitness center and the lounge and wet-areas.
The gym itself is the best gym i have ever been to.
With rock climbing, basket ball, racket ball and water slides this makes a gym ready for the whole family.
The gym offers a child care so you are able to work out and bring the kids.
They have many trainers who are flexible to your hours as well.
Otherwise if money is not an issue, life time is a great gym to join.
Le plus grand gym du qubec!!!
Unlike typical specialty gyms, you'll never get bored with powerhour!
They offer variety of workouts from boxing, some pilates, circuit training and more!
I've never taken a gym classes in my life before i joined this gym.
If you want some personal training, herbie and stephanie definitely can help you.
I've been having so much fun at the classes and the personal training sessions.
I am updating my prior review because i have continued to look forward to my training sessions with ron denlinger.
I'm a big fan of this gym.
My personal trainer irene is awesome!
It's a 24hour gym with childcare that goes until 9pm.
Titans is a solid gym.
If you can handle that, this is a weightlifters dream.
It's 2 stories, the first story is your basic cardio, with a health food cafe.
Downstairs there are about 10 more treadmills, a room for boxing, one for spin, and a huge open weight area.
The weight area really has anything you could possibly need.
It's a solid 4-star gym, geared toward body builders but friendly to all.
Offers many more amenities compared to other gyms
Nice gym for the right price .
The instructors give you a great cross fit workout with access to a complete set of weights.
I appreciate the knowledge of the trainers and the motivation they bring to the classes.
They truly make it feel like a personal training style class.
This is my favorite location simply because i prefer smaller gyms.
It isn't unbearably small, or like a hotel gym as one reviewer stated.
It's more of a personal training gym.
The cardio room is big.
The cardio machines are never packed, even when i've gone during the day or early evenings.
It's really easy to do my hiit training there as well as mix up my workouts.
This is an outstanding and very personal gym.
No gymtimidation, all ages and sizes spotted here.
Personal trainers available and very good at what they do.
I try to get out to this gym every time i go to vegas.
Most of the time anyone can walk in and watch the boxers train.
I use the gym daily.
I use the pool or use the stair master and weights.
Ive used other 24-hour fitness pools and this one is by far the best.
Bryce harvey is a trainer at xtreme couture's.
There were some months where i couldn't afford his classes and he still trained my son for free.
The gym is cleaner than ever, the staff is so much more friendly at the front.
A lot of the trainers and sales guys are much more involved and friendly.
He is inspiring and makes fitness and clean eating approachable and easy to understand.
I train myself and clients here as well.
There is a good redundancy of most of the equipment/weights.
Peak times definitely have the "meat market" feel but overall a quality gym for the $$$
There is always room to lift weights.
There is a separate women's training area if you care about that.
I use the gym, pool, and basketball courts quite often and they are always clean and very well maintained.
First day in i had a training session with josh (head trainer) to get my baselines and establish goals.
The gym overall is clean with nice amenities and the people who go seem nice as well.
This gym is my home-away-from-home.
Recently moved from wisconsin and my old (gold's gym) just seemed so ... dark.
I am also working with a personal trainer there and she is so great.
All around, this is an awesome gym.
I'd been going to a different gym since may after a 2 year break (and weight gain).
The trainers are incredibly nice and genuinely care about their clients and want to help them reach their goals.
Hands down ( and butt when planking ) the best gym for endurance athletes.
Super friendly owner and staff  who greet you by name and helps in all areas of fitness goals
I've been going to the gym for a couple of months.
It's the first gym i've been to in phoenix so i can't compare it to others.
Everything i was looking for in a gym.
Good gym, not crowded at peak hours (like lifetime and eos), offer military rate.
A great "classes only" gym.
The gym is always organizing and hosting different classes to help teach fundamentals of proper lifting.
It's an environment for all stages of a fitness journey.
I had my first personal training session with jon, and he did a fantastic job.
You can tell jon has a passion for helping people reach their fitness goals.
I definitely recommend him and la fitness!
Personal training, like at other gyms, runs you about $40-$45 a sessions depending upon your package.
Overall, the gym exudes a premium look and feel and the services and do live up to that image.
I just signed up for la fitness and got complimentary a training session with josh.
If you're looking for a personal trainer, i recommend him!
Great trainers good staff overall best la fitness in az!
I have never really had a problem with this gym, since i joined in '07.
The weights and machines are cleaned daily and always working properly.
Out of all the gyms i've been this one is my favorite.
The gym is the cleanest i've been to as well.
There is a great waterpark, camp, fitness and aquatic facility.
Tons of free weights, tons of cardio equipment.
Each piece of cardio equipment has their own tvs and fans.
This gym is like no other.
Wanna train for obstacle course races, strength train, metabolic conditioning, lose weight, get faster, stronger, better.... this is the place.
Jd is my trainer at this location and this review is mainly for his services.
If you are looking to shed weight in a motivated environment signup for jeremy's 47 day transformation.
Legit fitness program that works.
I've had personal trainers before but they don't compare to the staff here!
The price tag may seem steep, but it is on par with crossfit gyms, and bootcamps that other gyms offer.
I just joined the little gym for two months (until i have my baby).
The gym is clean.
Awesome place to train!
First class trainers, equipment, and atmosphere with a great group of people.
What great energy, always smiling and acknowledges everyone single person that comes into the gym.
Rick the fitness manager is open to suggestions and truly cares about you.
Pros: zero plauteaus the weights will adjust as you get stronger!
It's a great way for me to get strength in without a bunch of heavy weight  and keeping counts.
Trained here while in town from tampa, fl.
Expansive ymca with everything you come to expect from a top-flight gym.
Definitely a more family oriented atmosphere here which makes gym visits much more palatable.
This gym literally has changed my life.
Unlike going to a regular gym, i don't go to look better - i go to be better.
Absolutely fantastic gym and workout experience.
All in all, a fantastic place to train.
Would recommend it to anyone - whatever your fitness goals may be, you can achieve them here.
Gyms clean, staff is friendly, nice juice bar, and great trainers.
I absolutely love everything about this gym!
Anyone who likes fitness will love fsy.
I like the layout with the cardio equipment on the second floor overlooking the rest of the gym.
Modern looking and clean gym.
Only downside is this gym can get crowded.
At peak times during the week it's the busiest gym i've set foot in.
A solid all-purpose gym.
Many regulars complain about the surplus of cardio equipment, which i can understand.
Ok, there's zero shortage of trainers, hiit options and gyms in the area.
They have 5 squat racks, plenty of free weights, trx, weight machines, and all the cardio machines.
The group fitness classes are hit or miss depending on your instructor.
My son literally cries when we leave and constantly asks to go to the gym.
The pure body fitness radio definitely keeps me going in the locker room when i'm getting ready for work!
Pure body specializes in group fitness and personal training.
I bought a groupon deal for pure body fitness.
But my biggest compliment goes to my personal trainer ken.
Blake, the fitness manager is great too!
I seriously think this is the best gym around, and their staff is definitely the root cause.
I did enjoy the gym very much.
Great trainers and great people!
It is like having a personal trainer, but with the group fitness atmosphere.
So i've been going to cardio barre locations in la and i love love love the workout!
Kids gym is awesome as well!
I started crossfit training with steve about 6 months ago.
I have been going to otf since may and i have really enjoyed the workouts and the trainers.
I get a killer cardio workout and enjoy the weights as well, with different areas being targeted throughout the week.
In the end, all the trainers are fantastic and i truly enjoy my workouts.
Xl health club is a personable gym.
I checked in downstairs on the fitness and salon level.
This location is basically my backyard gym.
Just what you need in a gym.
What a nice 24 hour fitness.
I started with dietary changes and tracking my food intake, which helped me lose weight right away.
All the research i did pointed to resistance training, so i searched for help and found transform scottsdale.
The training i have received has been customized to my developing abilities and strength, yet still challenging.
There's a great environment in 24 hour fitness.
Overall it's a great gym.
Pricey but after years of spartan gyms, i feel this one is worth the extra money.
Great work day gym to hit during lunch.
Heather and kelly and krissy are the 3 instructors i've been trained by, and each one makes me feel special.
I like this gym because they have a great number of lower body exercises.
I did worked with other trainers before, but nobody is as pro as jason.
I knew i wanted (nay, needed) to hire a personal trainer, i just had to find one...a good one.
I searched yelp and found 'get results personal training' and read the great reviews.
Shawn is definitely a capable trainer with a vast knowledgeable background.
Not your typical gym.
But what i appreciate is that this gym isn't overrun with muscle heads who hog the equipment.
I highly recommend this gym!
Brooke is very knowledgeable, professional and passionate about health, fitness and helping others achieve their goals.
I am so excited to start crushing my fitness goals!
Great gym, friendly staff, and fun classes!!
Love this gym and all of the friendly staff.
I have not had issues with the gym at all.
Their customer service team and on-boarding trainers are great.
To prefix - i've belonged to 7 different gyms/athletic clubs in az.
Group fitness classes - they do have many - i've just not taken any so i cant speak to those.
I lost a lot of weight and gained a lot of friends.
(my mom totally loves the gym now and our coach rob.)
I love it and highly recommend the challenge and the gym itself!
This is my fitness home and family.
This is a 5 star gym, period.
The gym is spotless.
I mean, who randomly joins a gym while eating a big bowl of ice cream?
This isn't a macho sweaty boxing gym where someone not fitting that description would feel out of place.
There are all kinds of people of all fitness levels.
Plus, there's weights, and cardio equipment available at any time.
Personal training too, though i haven't taken advantage of that yet.
Fsy - fitness cycle yoga...i don't know why it is not spin in their motto.
The music is not too loud and weights are used in the class.
New to fitness... no worries.
I wish every gym i dropped into while travelling was this good.
Lots of cardio stuff too and a room for group classes which i didn't use.
Don't get intimidated, you don't need to be a gymnast to do it!!!!
Shawn really cares about his clients, inside the gym and outside the gym.
You're an amazing trainer!
Revolution training holds a close spot to my heart.
You are not going to come to this gym to get a "quick fix."
Whether with your eating habits, training habits, or both, the focus is long-term.
The gym is full of great equipment.
It's kind of intimidating to new people; only because everyone is used to the commercial gym (treadmills and bosu balls).
The equipment and gym itself is very unique and provides everything that you need.
Well duh.. stick a gym in the middle of the biltmore area, of course it'll get packed.
He really seemed like he wanted to improve my fitness.
Nice studio set up, personal training areas, complete facilities, and always clean.
Cardio has always been my weakness....but they are turning that around.
Gwen the rockstar spin instructor at lifetime fitness.
Hate meandering around the gym without a clear vision or workout plan?
The idea of alternating between cardio and strength stations is fantastic.
And speaking of cardio...the treadmills here are fantastic.
Although it is a group class, the workout is differentiated for your fitness level.
Personally, i like the guidance of a trainer to encourage, support, or correct me as i go through the workout.
Push 40 consistently offers that, which is hard to find at gyms.
They, also, have the portable rock wall, workout weights, and walls with variety of heights.
Chris & mike are extremely knowledgable trainers and push us to our fullest extent during workouts.
They will scale the wod for each member depending on his/her fitness level, injuries, etc.
I joined planet fitness, i quit.
I got on my husbands gym membership at the ymca, i quit.
Ryne is literally the fitness coach i needed.
Shaun trained me when i was in lv for business.
I use trainers at home in seattle and shaun quickly got me into a similar routine.
I am a member of lifetime fitness tempe.
It's a gym so what can i say?
Reality says that for a gym this one rocks.
When my friend recommended prowess pole fitness i was looking for a challenge.
Today i completed my first personal training session with joshua werner.
Hapt is truly unlike any personal training establishment out there.
I just moved to phoenix and i am incredibly blown away by this gym.
If your interested in weight loss or just staying healthy with strength training,  i fully recommend curves.
I was introduced to sully's boxing club through a friend who'd been training there for over a year.
I was serious in achieving my fitness goals and this was the place for me.
I see that the young kids here respect their trainer, work hard and want to be there.
I achieved my fitness goals by working hard at sully's.
The trainer tony, has a format for the  7 pm class for new people.
Joined this gym just recently and i'm very pleased with it so far!
My roommate and i worked with jon for our initial personal training experience and he was fantastic!
They both made sure that i was still happy with my home gym and my agreement!
There is much more to be offered at this gym as well.
It turns out not all la fitnesses are cut from the same mold.
The cardio machines have personal tv/mp3 players.
Cardio and weights are two completely separate areas.
The cycle room has more bikes than other club i've been in and the group fitness room is huge.
Very clean gym, great classes!
James is an amazing trainer, tc 24 is an intense sweat helping me obtain my health goals!!!
I've belonged to this gym for a year now and it was such a great decision.
There is a huge variety of cardio and weight equipment.
This is definitely much more than a gym.
Full disclosure, i'm one of those guys with a gym membership that rarely goes.
This location has about what you would expect from a gold's gym.
They are a 24 hour gym, which is convenient, but they are not a true 24 hour gym.
Although advertised as being 24 hour, the gym is only 24 hours monday-friday.
Almost forgot, new addition to the gym that i love.
With that the new owners renamed the gym dynamic fitness solutions.
In the barely two weeks the new owners have had the gym, it has gone through quite noticeable changes.
Have been a member at this gym for a few years.
Give your muscles some love and avoid the corporate gym b.s.!!
How can you not love a gym that streams metallica????
I show up and listen to the trainer!
The trainers are highly credible, extremely attentive and the workouts are different, yet challenging each time.
Also, the owner is so passionate about health and fitness and making the environment immaculate and enticing.
I would highly recommend this gym for any and all ages and body types.
I love this gym!!
They have a variety of classes and great trainers.
From strength training to brazilian ju jitsu with a lot in-between.
They have awesome trainers that really know their stuff!!
This is a brand new gym that opened late last year.
The trainer's name was nelson and it was a fairly small group size.
-try the beginners classes if you are new to circuit training or hiit !
I love the training staff...and i've had some good trainers - some who have come and gone.
That's not something you get from your average gym!
I have also struggled like forever to be motivated, and a gym just does not work for me.
This is a great gym for the price!
Pretty good gym for the monthly fee; equipment and other amenities seem to be working (for now).
I find planet fitness very enjoyable.
It is a more laid-back gym environment, in my opinion, with plenty of variety to change up your workouts.
Equipment is laid out nicely--plenty of personal space even when the gym is busy.
I found jeremy scott fitness years ago when i was struggling to get in shape after college weight gain.
If you're looking for a supportive and no bs group fitness training, i recommend jsf!
Really enjoying my membership with 24 hour fitness.
My only complaint if i had to have one would be to replace/repair some of the cardio machines.
I've also done their personal training and have been enjoying the one on one coaching and motivation/accountability they give.
This gym works well for me!
This clean, energetic studio is a great place to get fit and toned without spending all day at the gym.
This gym is the perfect fit for me!
Even a trainer that i wouldn't necessarily connect with perfectly is a qualified and engaging person.
Yes there are usually weights everywhere i mean everywhere scattered in the gym.
Expect crowds at any gym between 4-7p.
Most gyms where people actually like to workout and are serious about it you will find weights scattered everywhere.
Do you really come to the gym for the customer service experience or to work-out?
Of course i would prefer less crowds and people to actually re-rack their weights.
Overall it's exactly what i expected from a franchised gym.
If you hate bally's or your community rec center, then you will love anytime fitness!
The thing that stands out about anytime fitness right away is the word anytime.
The gym is relatively smaller but the plus to that is less people.
Anytime fitness is the way to go.
In addition to just weights and cardio, they also have tanning beds.
I love this gym.
I enjoyed a 3 sessions training.
I actually recommend beau for an awesome training experience.
Pretty good gym with lots of machines, tanning, and the girls at the counter are always really nice.
I would never go to another gym simply because of the ladies that work at the daycare at this location.
I am so happy cardio barre is in vegas!!
I dislike the gym.
Great facility, fantastic trainers, wonderful crossfit experience.
Kim is a great small business owner and i enthusiastically recommend this place to anyone who wants a fitness challenge.
For the price, you can't beat this gym.
If you're looking to join a gym, i recommend this one.
Outcast is a great gym for everyone.
If your a lunk or hardcore gym rat this gym may not be for you.
I like planet fitness just a basic gym to get a good work out in.
Nobody ever bothers me about personal training.
Gym is always very clean...very quiet.
This is one of the best locations for lafitness.
I can't believe no one has reviewed this gym yet!
It's one of the bigger cf boxes (crossfit slang for gym ;) i've seen, very established, with loads of members.
Coach andy and his wife dina are exceptional trainers...and also the nicest folks you'll ever meet!
This gym impressed me with it's size and amount of equipment.
I love this gym!
Thank you knockout fitness
I have been a member of this la fitness for almost a year now.
What really made this gym that much better though, is the personal trainer, josh warner.
I have met many trainers before and never had a good experience.
Classmates one of the risks of boutique gyms is that you end up with cliques and "mean-girls".
The gym is expensive but worth it if you use it.
Basically it's a gym you will look forward to going to.
Glad i don't need a trainer though, that's what lost one star.
I only use the free weight and some cardio.
Hey its better than the gym at the hotels.
I really wish this gym was out where i lived because i would definitely be a member.
24 fitness@ ann rd is very good gym.
This is a straight forward, come in get your work done, no nonsense gym.
A walk through the gym to get to the locker room, then off to the gym itself.
I also like the layout of this gym.
There are separate areas for stretching and warming up, as well as a trainers area.
So, this is a great alternative to my usual gym.
The best gym to go too.
Better than most gyms.the staff in the morning is absolutely amazing.
The classes are structured and led by professional trainers.
The trainers assist with modifications if necessary.
The trainers push you to your potential.
Love the trainers, they really motivate you through the workout.
I have to say that i am really pleased with carlos from the scottsdale rd la fitness.
When i am visiting scottsdale i go to the la fitness on scottsdale rd.
Since i have had such a great experience there, i called to this gym to see if they could help.
The jabz workout consists of a circuit of ~16 stations that combine boxing moves, weight training and cardio.
The trainers are also all awesome.
All the trainers here are great!
This is one of the best 24 hour fitness super sport i've ever seen.
The layouts of the weights and free weights is perfect.
I'm happy to attend a gym so close to home and well kept.
Updated- after the gym employees were less then helpful in resolving my concerns.
She said it is not allow to drop weight from higher than your knees.
Other gyms have very strick policy's that prohibit that kind of behavior.
I was still hesitant to hire him because of bad experiences with different personal trainers.
He is able to encourage people in attaining fitness goals.
I highly recommend shawn as a personal trainer!
I tried out my free personal training session that comes with a new la fitness membership today.
The gym is laid out very efficiently and they all of the machines/ weights you might need.
Savannah, my personal trainer definitely pushed me to my limit and then some.
I can't wait to start my personal training workouts.
I would recommend this gym and a personal training session to anyone.
I love this gym!
For a 24 hr gym the equipment selection is outstanding!
The cardio selection here is great.
She's a killer trainer who gives a pixel-level attention to detail to her clients.
She helped me shed down in inches without hating the "gym" experience.
If he brought up your weight, he is a doctor right?
Women's fitness clubs of canada is located in the pickering town centre, in the zellers/east side mario's wing.
After much deliberation, i decided it was time to get myself in gear and join a gym.
Something to note here: this gym does not have a "trial" week.
I did end up signing up for personal training and i got a pretty good deal.
Michelle is a very motivating trainer, she's nice but focused and she definitely knows what she's doing.
I've been going to this gym for about a month now and i'm very happy with my choice.
This gym doesn't have any high volume periods and you don't have to sign up for machines.
There's a nice stretching/warm-up area as well as a free weights area.
All levels can work out, and the trainers work well with all levels.
Great gym, nice that its only women.
There is always a trainer available to show you the exact way to perform the exercises.
They are my favorite gym.
Cardio barre las vegas is amazing!
There  are 1, 2 & 3 lb weights + alcohol spray to sanitize after each workout.
Coaching is top-notch, focused on serious weightlifting, and aimed at helping you meet your goals.
Small gym great childcare.
One reason is that the gym is so friendly, well run, convenient, so everything.
The staff and the trainers are super amazing.
The warm up session was grilling with full cardio workout.
I appreciate our trainer melanie who gave us extra attention since it was our first time.
As a parent, i love that la fitness has childcare provided on site.
Not all la fitness locations have these.
The facility is clean, the weight equipment, such as dumbells, neatly stacked and arranged.
All the equipment is top of the line and the place isn't overwhelming like a lot of gyms.
I had always "lifted weights", barbell/dumbbell, but training here is a different experience.
I still train with barbells on my own, but coming to pk&p i am exposed to new challenges everyday.
I train here 4x week.
Great gym, great people.
If you can't stand the meat market of the big box gyms, i highly recommend you check out this place!
Oh, and if a little pole-dancing is your thing, they opened up a pole-dancing fitness studio right next door!
I am so happy i found this awesome gym with knowledgeable and friendly coaches.
I felt immediately welcomed and part of there fitness family.
You do not have to be a dancer to successfully complete this great cardio, low-impact workout.
I love the multiple fitness classes offered!
The cinema cardio is great also.
The gym itself is great.
A large selection of cardio equipment, some with personal tvs.
Weight lifting machines look decent and plentiful.
They have a nice area to work on strength training and abs.
This gym has nice new equipment.
Lots of features that's any gym go-er looks for.
Great gym - has everything you might need!
I had a free personal training session with josh, the head trainer, today - he kicked my butt!
I highly recommend this gym and josh's personal training services.
Definitely recommend eos fitness!!!
Great gym and well suited for any type of member, from beginner to power lifter or body builder.
Free group fitness classes, comp'd parking, plenty of weights and strength training equipment and about 25-30 pieces of cardio.
I highly recommend this gym to everyone near downtown cleveland
A good balance of cardio and strength training.
The people at the gym are super nice!!!
The gym could be cleaner and brighter, it's just old.
After a bit of research at other gyms, i decided to put my money at this place.
Here is the skinny on this gym as i just joined it.
I love this gym.
This gym has so many options for classes, which i love, and it is just a nice and clean gym.
Getting cardio up and it has free weights and a good mix of equipment to use.
I highly, super duper recommend jacob, monica and jeremy scott fitness!!!!!!!!!!
Probably my favorite la fitness location in scottsdale.
Huge gym with tons of dumbbells, machines, smith machines and squat racks.
Most gyms don't have enough equipment for peak times (4-7) but this location does.
Also the training staff is super cool and give free workouts sometimes.
I love this gym and the community they have built!
I love this gym!!
First of all, they offer free kid's gym (child watching) while you workout for up to 2 hrs everyday.
The focus group training classes gives me the extra motivation and attention to make sure my goals are met.
Not a bad gym but way too busy after work hours.
There's a good selection and amount of cardio equipment and i've never had to wait for a machine.
If you're looking for a personal trainer,  i highly recommend julian if you're just starting out.
This is the most beautiful lagree fitness studio i have ever been to.
I think this gym is pretty nice overall but is very very crowded even at 6am.
Lots of free weights and machines.
Great trainer and knows his stuff.
I like this gym.
My mother and i joined this gym in august of 2013.
We looked at 4 gyms around the west side including the closest to us, "la fitness".
My son started with mma and since then still enjoys his training.
Great cardio, and results in just 2 weeks, and thus far, enjoying each training.
It is a great family gym and the staff team treat you like family!
Never found a gym that made you feel welcomed!
While i was living at the vdara hotel for 4 months, i frequently visited the gym here.
The gym was impeccably clean.
I cancelled my membership with 24 hour fitness and joined eos to take advantage of their guest privileges.
People doing serious training with no attitude.
If you want a place to train and feel inspired and educated to always improve this is it.
I love hitting the gym with my wife, lifetime makes it easy.
I'm very happy to be a member here, overall the facility is a dream, from locker rooms to fitness amenities.
I had a great workout with trainer kristi!
I am surprised by the bad reviews of this gym.
The group classes are my favorite part of the gym.
Hands-down the best instructors of any gym i have even gone to.
This gym serves our early time in and out needs.
Mom and i go use the treadmills and she has an excellent trainer.
This gym is a great addition to the greentree neighbor.
I highly recommend asking for tanner (personal trainer) if you're serious about changing your lifestyle.
I became a gym rat without a home a long time ago, i couldn't afford it anymore.
The gym, to me, is more than a place for me to workout, it is my solitude.
The training session i got from shawn was fantastic.
He was training for his first fitness competitions, so he does what he teaches, and understands what your going through.
This gym made me into a gym rat and i enjoyed it.
I purchased trainer sessions when i first joined.
I started with a trainer that really helped me overcome some of my sports injuries.
I continued with trainers for several years.
I had to leave my trainer, melanie when i moved and am still devastated.
Love this gym and the community.
Each of us have our own individual goals and not always are they the same as the trainer.
If you are looking for a solid trainer, i personally recommend tom w at underground fitness at grayhawk.
The cardio part is more fun when you are set to challenge your partner, your team or other team.
I like how passionate he is, you would always hear him yelling and pushing every single person in the gym.
What can i say, regular gym just doesn't give you the same results.
I really like this gym for giving individual custom fitness advice and always being friendly.
Each class is led by an experienced trainer who will assist you with form/technique if needed.
But regardless location and the capacity just makes it the perfect gym if you live in chandler so 5 stars
Anyone who says that lifetime fitness is not worth the fee does not belong to lifetime.
I love the classes, the clientel the trainers.
I've tried, yoga, gym memberships, trainers and the like and none of it felt right until fsy.
I've never had a huge problem waiting for equipment, but as with all gyms, timing is everything.
Personal preference :) i would definitely recommend planet fitness to family and friends!
I can't believe how having a custom daily workout with a personal trainer can be so economically priced.
"your workout is my warmup" that's the gimmick for fit factory fitness (fff).
My first gym membership and i'm so glad i signed up!
There is a nice variety of weights and machines.
Not many people walking around like they own the place or live at the gym (there are few).
Fantastic gym, and even better group of people.
All three men keep a close eye on the entrance, preventing those without permission from entering the gym.
You will see dozens of different boxers on a typical day in the gym.
The gym fluctuates between semi cool and moderately comfortable to steaming hot.
Best gym in town!
Group training at a great price!
The trainers are motivating and very knowledgeable.
From the very first day that i entered the gym, i knew i had made the right decision.
One of the managers, quinn, took me around the gym and i was immediately impressed.
He paired me with one of the personal trainers, ken, and we immediately got to work.
I always tell my friends and relatives that ken is a "real trainer."
I politely tell them that they need to work out with my personal trainer, ken, because he's a "real trainer."
Both rob and chazz have considerable experience in olympic weightlifting and crossfit and know how to motivate each individual athlete.
I highly recommend scorpion crossfit to anyone at any fitness level.
Kids and teens fitness classes and swimming and tennis lessons.
Welcoming staff and super trainer.
The hour went by quickly but the training was excellent.
Huge gym to play hoops or anything else in.
Great gym and workout area.
Well worth the extra money instead of going to la fitness.
Since my original gym, pure fitness closed down, i was forced to switch to la fitness.
Best gym nearby for the money, way cheaper than mountainside
Therefore, we agreed it was time for me to take my "dry land" training to the next level.
I rarely take fitness classes and i avoid regular gyms because i never feel like i fit in.
Class hours are great and the gym is open pretty early.
Great gym for the price.
Decent selection of weights.
I love the energy and dedication the trainers have!
Gyms are boring... orangetheory is challenging, body changing and fun!
This gym is everything  seriously everything!
I wanted something to mix it up and i was getting bored of my regular cardio routines.
I've done orange theory, insanity, running and was a gym rat for a few years.
Knockout fitness popped up on google maps and had decent ratings so i walked in for a trial.
The trainers were also patient as i struggled to learn the combos but also gave many tips for improvement.
I've tried different classes with different trainers and i absolutely love how i feel after every session!
I did trial a couple other studios but i decided to commit to knockout fitness for many reasons.
Watching her train clients i became inspired as i had never seen that level of commitment from other trainers.
I would highly recommend training here and encourage working with a trainer !
I'm a former gymnast and love how so many of the workouts use your own body weight for exercises.
Very different from most fitness classes i've taken - in a great way.
I was a member at a more inexpensive and basic gym.
There is no other gym i would rather go!
The trainers run great classes for abs, yoga, and pilates.
This is the perfect gym!
If your on the look for a perfect gym, then this is the gym!
I just love this gym.
Whoever says this gym is bad probably doesn't know how to exercise, or they are being sarcastic!
These photos prove that this gym is they best!!!
Titan's gym is a great asset to downtown cleveland.
Working and living a block from the gym, it's an extremely convenient location.
The gym is open 24 hours, safe (locked with keycard entry during off-hours) and moderately crowded.
The weight room and locker rooms are in the basement.
Overall, love this gym and would suggest it to any young professional working or living in downtown cleveland.
I wouldn't have it any other way as it relates to my personal fitness goals.
I love this gym and my kids enjoy coming to their childcare.
I love this gym!
I have officially become a gym rat and mainly do spin classes and barbell weight classes.
Shout out to the crew working and taking care of this la fitness!
I love fsy- i moved here from ny where i really loved my gym.
What makes it worth 5 stars is the personal training experience i get with travis in particular.
He is extremely knowledgeable on strength training, diet and everything between.
As a professional athlete i wouldn't ask for anything more from a gym/training experience.
Most all of the trainers are great at encouraging us to challenge ourself, when it looks appropriate for the individual.
Thank you cardio barre las vegas!
Never again will i be able to go to another gym.
Needless to say, this place and the trainers are amazing and highly recommended!!
I love this fitness studio.
I am so happy with this gym.
I love my gym!
The tread class is a hiit version, but better you get a good cardio session plus weights.
Their coaching staff coaches to each gymnasts' strength no matter the level - recreational, competitive or elite.
The coaches teach the gymnasts how to be strong and driven in everything they do - not just in gymnastics.
Gym is a little small but has everything you need.
Me and my bffs flew into phoenix tlo check out spring training games.
It doesn't matter your shape or size, they will provide modifications to fit your current fitness level.
Can get busy sometimes but definitely one of the better gyms in town considering it has a basketball court.
Place can get quiet messy with people not putting their weights back and towels laying around everywhere.
Cassandra is ready to evaluate and instruct as the fitness trainer.
Come see--you'll be happy you did if you're looking for a great gym!
Started right back where i left off working on my cardio, boxing etc.
Truthfully, this new trainers are more hands on and more motivated then the former trainers.
After visiting several cf gyms in sd i wasn't impressed with the facilities or the coaches.
The gym and their classes were not cutting it for me.
Tons of equipment for cardio and free weights.
Staffed right and child care much better than la fitness.
I am a triathlete that has a hard time fitting in a full weight lifting schedule.
This was definitely a plus to my training.
If you are thinking of crossfit, you are doing yourself wrong if you don't check out this gym.
I saw results after a few weeks of training.
In my experience this 24 hour is this cleanest gym i have been to, ever.
Sometimes i get ready and shower for work right at the gym and their showers here are always clean, always.
Great staff and trainers.
This is my gym of choice and go out of my way for this location everyday.
I love this gym!
I have steve b and emily as my personal trainers and i am stronger than ever!!
Amazing gym no matter what level of fitness you are at!
This is the most beautiful gym facility.
The trainers take the time to learn about the clients.
I chose this gym because it was a true crossfit affiliate gym.
I would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone looking to drop in or for a gym to call home.
If your looking for a gym this is your gym.
She accommodates to several different fitness levels so you get a workout that works for you.
In addition to pole fitness, she's also entertaining to watch as a budding contortionist!
Today i completed my first personal training session with raneem... annnnnd it was awesome!
She would be more than happy to help you reach and crush your fitness goals!
Did i also mention that you pay half the price of those "other" gyms?
There is also a huge gym and pool at this complex.
Visiting from la and this is my first time in a lafitness in az.
The gym was fairly empty between 8:30-10:30am with an average of 20 people (flow of +\- 5) on the floor.
Only one cybex resistance machine was down for repairs, but all of the cardio machines were online.
The free-weights were all racked.
Great trainer, great people!
As such, i highly recommend this gym!
This gym is insane!
The layout is great considering the high volume the gym can tend to have during peak times.
Small gym great childcare.
Tonight i had a great personal training session with dorian smith.
The trainers are all about safety and form and are paying close attention to their clients.
The gym is extremely clean and up to date with their equipment.
I highly recommend uf if you are looking for a professional and well educated personal trainer.
Josh is literally the best trainer i have ever worked with.
This is one of the nicest anytime fitness gyms i've been to.
They have a ton of free weights, machines and cardio equipment.
I am always pleased with how well run this gym is.
Personal training done by the owner bill rumple is outstanding.
I would recommend this gym to anyone in a heartbeat!
I go practically everyday and partake in many of the group fitness.
Aside from the hefty price it comes with, this gym is great!
The gym is constantly being cleaned, weights/trx equipments always put to their places.
The classes are not over crowded like other gyms.
You get what you pay for with this gym.
I only come here on the days i'm not with my trainer to do cardio & abs.
James t. (personal trainer): james is an outstanding and knowledgeable personal trainer.
My son was now excited for the training session.
During the training session, james was able to keep my son focused and motivated.
This is not your typical gym.
You get to choose the pricing/fitness plan that fits your needs, no one size, one price fits all here.
Whether you're a recovering couch potato or a fitness godess, there is something here for you.
I have been a member at 2 other gyms and this is by far the best.
The staff is friendly and give great customer service, lots of equipment, lots of cardio machines, and very clean.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone.
The fitness "instructors" are very nice and laid back and also kinda funny!
I'd definitely recommend taking fitness classes here!!!!
I'm not the type at all to do personal trainers or all that.
Shane was so knowledgeable funny and friendly- i will now stick to going consistently to this la fitness .
I highly recommend this gym to anyone that is looking for a class act that is 24/7 with no drama.
He pushes you to work hard and reach new goals in your physical fitness plan.
If you are looking to make a change in your fitness i say: call coach noy!
His passion for fitness and nutrition is contagious.
I've worked out with trainers before and shawn is on the top of my list.
If you're looking for someone to establish a lifestyle change, start training with him.
I trained with shawn for about 5 months and i've really seen a difference in things i didn't expect.
The biggest change, besides my physique, is my attitude towards fitness, the gym, and just health over all.
The gym itself is always clean, locker rooms well maintained.
There are a ton of cardio machines (almost too many) and a decent amount of weight machines.
Over the past few years i knew i wanted to lose weight.
I lost some weight but never really saw the results i wanted!!
Six months ago i decided to join la fitness.
When i joined i got a couple free sessions with a personal trainer.
My personal trainer, jd continues to help me make progress on my fitness goals.
Loving this new-found fitness craze in ne scottsdale....the workouts are super challenging but fun, and 100% results oriented!
Joined this gym last summer.
I would definitely recommend this gym.
Knockout fitness is a great place full of great people.
I have taken a few classes, and all the trainers i've worked with are very helpful and awesome.
Daniel harting is an amazing personal trainer.
I've been to plenty of gyms that are so packed you have to wait to work out but not here.
I'm thinking of signing up with a trainer to see if i can work on more definition.
Awesome trainers and awesome people!
Best gym in the area hands down.
I've tried a few gyms in pittsburgh of the years and this one is the best.
Every workout is different and you get the combination of cardio and strength training.
Plus the one trainer, mike shuck, is an american ninja warrior.
How cool is it to get trained by a ninja warrior!
I've been a gym rat since college & love their program.
This gym serves as an example of what a gym should be.
Every gym has their success stories, but at metroflex, i always see results of hard work and determination.
If you need personal training, they got it.
If you're sick of big box gyms and not seeing results, this is the place for you.
You'll find focused trainers, a dynamic approach to functional fitness and you'll never be bored.
I can't say enough good things about this gym and the people who own and operate it!
Fitness has to be a way of life and the amenzoners that i know are dedicated.
Everyone is the gym is always friendly and helpful.
This is the best gym i have been too.
Also an outdoor pool for lessons and fitness.
Had a great workout with trainer joshua today!
This has been the best fitness experience of my life!
The staff, trainers and instructors are awesome!
A typical 24 hr fitness.
Grrrrrrreat for gym junkies!!!
Overall four stars, and this is my default gym...
Great gym a real sense of community.
Jeff is my personal trainer here and he really does care about your progress.
The gym has teamed up with warrior programming to provide us with structured and challenging programming.
Beyond the training, uv has one of the best gym communities that i've personally encountered.
Furthermore, the gym holds social events that bring the members together for something beyond fitness.
The is a very friendly and professionally run gym.
They offer a diverse selection of classes and also personal training is available.
Good quality benches, weights, and equipment.
I purchased a groupon for 10 sessions (2 weeks) at the gym, and i was petrified.
I came in for my consultation and immediately all of the gym intimidation disappeared.
However, after working out most my life, i quickly realized i needed a strength training element.
Everyone makes you feel welcome - no matter your level of fitness from beginner to dedicated elite athlete.
Evofit is hiit training without all the "crazy" olympic lifts that you will find in crossfit.
I love the cardio too.
The cardio inclines are great!
It's a little pricier compared to the big chain gym, but well worth it.
Highly recommend josh for personal training!!
I love the prices and convenience of fitness 19.
No matter your fitness level brandon is your go to man.
They have the best trainers that focus on your success and the details of proper form.
But on the other hand what do you have to lose from a fitness evaluation.
He explained how he thought i can accomplish my fitness goals and left it at that.
I did not sign up for training because i would personally feel more accomplished doing something on my own.
I rarely have to wait for pieces of equipment and there are plenty of cardio machines to go around.
One annoyance you may encounter are the "gym rats"  i don't mean to be offensive but hear me out.
I don't think that is representation of the gym but just individuals being obnoxious.
All in all i enjoy coming here and they have programs and classes for all range of fitness goals.
La fitness offers a complimentary assessment so i figured i take advantage of it and learn something.
So i started working out with josh, a personal trainer, and wow i got what i was looking for.
I will be definitely looking into furthering my training with him, he was awesome!
They have great motivating trainers who always keep the classes mixed up so you're never bored.
Much better work out for someone who struggles at a normal gym with machines or treadmills.
I highly recommend this gym.
I started training with mark in may.
This is a serious gym if you want results.
You explained our training routine beautifully and answered all of our questions.
I am so happy that joined this gym.
I wanted to find a gym with professional, welcoming, and helpful staff.
Erica d is an amazing trainer.
Great gym conveniently located inside tower city center.
Fitness on arizona avenue yesterday and they were so friendly.
Once again i would recommend this gym to anyone.
I love anytime fitness.
You can ask for a trial of the group fitness classes if you're interested.
This monona location is great - i especially love the studio room with the virtual training kiosk.
Personal training with an upgrade.
If you want a great workout & max results, ask for personal trainer travis carlton!
I'm on my vacation for 2 nights and used this gym for my first time.
If i lived here i probably consider coming to this gym.
The gym has everything you pretty much need from weights to cardio to classes to personal training.
I use to go to this gym between 4-6 times per week, but moved.
Yes, usually at least two cardio machines are broke, but there's plenty to jump on.
At least in this gym, people rack their weights.
Pros: -plenty of cardio equipment -not busy at night -staff  cons: -only one power rack and smith machine.
-not enough free weights -too many machines
I found cardio kings fitness boxing and scheduled a one-on-one with aluja.
I highly recommend aluja and cardio kings fitness boxing- a truly great workout that is also fun and inspiring.
They have weights and space, all you need.
And yes it's a gym!
But it still has that old school hardcore gym vibe
I definitely got my butt kicked at unionville fitness.
We were divided into groups of 4 and there were about 4 stations around the gym.
The gym itself isn't very big but it has plenty of equipment.
It offers boot camp classes or one-on-one training.
I think it's a great place to start if you're easily intimidated at big name gyms.
I'd definitely recommend this gym to anyone struggling with motivation and struggling to get their body where they'd like.
My favorite place for strength training classes.
If you are looking for a cardio base workout that will kick your ass this is the place for you.
For all these bad reviewers, you joined a gym ... not a country club so stop complaining.
Can't say enough positive about underground fitness in scottsdale!
Great trainers and great atmosphere.
There's no comparison to the cookie-cutter training you would get at a typical health club.
Cardio kings fitness boxing is unlike any fitness class that you have ever taken before.
Cardio kings fitness boxing is a step above the rest.
The same price as the other gyms but they have ladies night wednesdays!
I love this gym,,,,, everything in this place is top of the line.
When it's snowy outside and your gym closes,  no worries open, holidays, gym hours are messed up.... not here, open!
This gym is awesome.
My favorite gym in the valley!
Snap fitness in the junction is a great space if you're looking for a standard gym.
The free weights section could be bigger.
Having a fitness center in a spa is a perk i like to use.
I felt like i did more reps because the machines moved so smoothly without resistance unlike my regular gym.
I've never experienced any problems with the people that go to this gym.
All trainers are awesome, very supportive and go out of their way to make sure i'm doing the excercises properly.
Special shout out to trainer tanner, who offered insight into a better diet that would help me reach my goal.
This is the gym for me!
Met with jim and i was able grasp how much this industry means to the opex fitness family.
If there is anyone looking for a personal trainer, opex is definitely a place to check out.
And if there's something off, they trainers are willing to make modifications to the workouts.
You get more done in an hour here than spending hours at the gym!
Thanks 24 hour fitness and thanks james for coaching this small team.
This has definitely taken me to the next level of fitness.
The trainers, margherita and michael are encouraging and knowledgable in all aspects of health and fitness.
The trainers, although tough, are fair and friendly.
This workout is great for all fitness levels- beginner to advanced as each station can be modified.
This place is for people of different fitness levels (unless you need a doctor's note).
My friend and i were in this whole "i want to try all types of fitness classes via groupon!"
Trainers outgoing and helpful - encourage everyone to try the free week!
We're all teachers- different ages, different sizes, different health problems, different levels of physical fitness.
It wasn't too busy which i like - there's nothing worse than an over crowded gym.
Great size gym with tons of equipment.
Great low impact cardio!!
Billy is a great trainer and the gym is friendly and welcoming.
The gym is great.
But the actual gym is fantastic.
They are quick to fix broken equipment unlike other gyms where it takes 3-4 weeks.
Not changing gyms since being here!
Matt hoodie at underground fitness has changed my life.
Matt's knowledge about the human body, diet, nutrition and the proper methods of training is extensive.
He is without question the best trainer i have ever worked with.
I have been working out since 15 years old and absolutely hate the gym at this point.
Richelle is a great trainer and i love being pushed to work harder.
This gym is exactly what i was looking for:  fun, effective and convenient.
I love circuit training and the variety it provides.
Sam is a marvelous trainer with the perfect mix of knowledge, enthusiasm and grit.
Josh is an awesome personal trainer.
He took my measurements and started training with me.
It was created by sebastian lagree, a fitness guru to the stars.
Stepping into this gym i was a complete newbie to crossfit.
The community built within this gym is supportive, friendly, and not even the slightest bit judgmental.
Which beats getting thrown into the fire at other crossfit gym's any day.
By far the best gym i've ever belonged to.
I did the 30 days for $30 and love this gym.
Being overweight i was intimidated with joining a gym or outdoor bootcamp.
While primarily an mma gym, i personally go here mostly for the boxing classes.
The icing on the cake is an accommodating staff, family friendly atmosphere for kids, and a clean environment to train.
They also provide personal training and nutrition guidance to help get you in shape.
I appreciate this, as i have been in too many gyms that look like a disaster area during peak hours.
I agree with other people, this gym could use a stairmaster.
I have been to their new chandler location inside the la fitness.
I strongly advice their workout if you are looking for great trainers!
I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for a cardio machine even at the peak times.
If your looking for a cheap gym that fulfills your basic needs; this is the place.
Open 24 hrs, cheap membership (under $20/month), free tanning & massage chairs... not to mention a clean gym!
Although there is a lot of cardio equipment and a great 30 min.
The owner/trainers are great and extremely interactive.
Tom was the best trainer i could have hoped for!
How many fitness classes do you get to hang upside down?
If you are looking for something new or need a change of scenery you must try ariel fitness.
I've worked out at multiple gyms and trained with multiple trainers.
Brandon by far is the best trainer.
Sweat zone is an amazing gym!
Keeps me motivated and on track with my fitness and diet!
Couldn't have asked for a better trainer/gym!
I would recommend this gym to everyone.
The nutrition and training program is tailored to me.
This is the best gym!
You can also get very tasty, fresh, and healthy meals and smoothies at nourish that is connected to the gym.
Many gyms feel pushy, intimidating, and sometimes create a judgmental environment.
Perfect gym in every way (except for the music which is awful - 80s/90s slow rap...brutal!)
Tons of equipment for cardio and free weights.
There locker rooms are clean and nice so as the over all gym..people working here are helpful and nice too!
Great full body workout (similar to soulcycle), includes cardio & weights + great music.
I have been a member to many gyms and this one is by far my favorite.
If you are looking to sign up for a gym, you should definitely check this place out.
This gym is the real deal.
It's a nice clean facility, without that "gym" smell!!
I was very pleased with my experience at anytime fitness, north royalton.
I spent a week in vegas on vacation and this gym was the closest to where i was staying.
Ross (the owner) knows his sh*t. i learned some great tips from the olympic weightlifting coach, rick.
I've tried gyms, bootcamps and personal trainers.
The best gym in pittsburgh!
I like this gym,highly recommend it.
La fitness, willem did a great job of getting me setup with a guest pass and no hassles.
Spin class trainer, allison was great fun and provided a challenging workout.
I went from never going to the gym to going six times a week.
The trainers are great, the equipment is great and the club is clean.
I have wanted to join a mma gym for years.
My ex did mma, and i would sometimes go and meet him at various matches or gym's.
So i was a little familiar with the different mma gym's that are in the valley.
Love the separate room where you can follow along with videos of cycling, weights, boot camp, yoga, etc..
Seems like everyone gets along fine here and to me, a gym's atmosphere is important.
Great trainer, great community, great place to get fit!
Eos fitness is a high-quality, convenient, and affordable gym!
The management is always helpful and friendly, one of the reasons i chose this gym over others.
I've been going to sweatzone since july and i have never been happier with my fitness routine.
Brandon and trey are great trainers.
Classes, partner training and private training are available.
Although it is more expensive than your standard gym, it is absolutely worth it.
Tried many of gyms and i start off all gung ho, then i fizzle.
Great clean gym and nice staff!
All kinds of training can be done here as well.
Great staff and trainers!
With bbc i receive more support, better workouts, and greater results for a fraction of what my personal trainer cost.
Let me start by saying, i absolutely love this gym.
- really big gym, very big space to do any and every kind of workout you want.
(boxing gyms always felt dark to me.
- trainers: the most important part to any great gym.
I haven't tried the ground classes yet, but everyone says great things about them and the trainers.
Its clean and i like the openness of the gym.
Nothing crazy fancy but serves its purpose as a large gym.
Tina is a fabulous gym owner and runs a friendly, well equipped, clean gym.
Would never join a gym, but been using this free pass for a few weeks over at this location.
If i was joining a gym though, i would not want guys in full suits trying to sell me memberships.
And yes... orangetheory fitness seems to be everywhere you look.
The only reason i come to this gym is for the classes.
Now onto the more challenging part of this review, describing my phenomenal experience with having michael bann as my trainer.
The trainers are very helpful and fellow class participants with more experience have also been great teachers.
I've never been a member of any other type of gym, so i have nothing to compare this to.
All i can say is that i've toured the traditional mega gyms and never joined.
My thought at the time was that school gym should have been more like this.
There is a modest gym, clean locker room, numerous tanning beds, and a spa in the back.
I joined this gym after leaving lifetime fitness because it was too expensive.
But i must say that i've liked the gym.
It makes doing cardio so much easier when i can watch and listen to whatever i choose.
Best gym in las vegas and i have been to them all... lovely staff who treat everyone like family.
I have been working out at this particular la fitness for a few months now.
I wouldn't say it's the best gym that i have ever been to, but it's not the worst either.
I would say that they could definitely improve on cleanliness, in the locker rooms and the gym floor, i.e.
It's just a little much for a gym that is so over crowded already.
Fitness area is good.
A mix of machines, free weights, and cardio.
This is not a meat head gym.
I'm very impressed and excited to hopefully make this my permanent gym home.
That was one of the reasons we cancelled our last gym membership.
You definitely get your monies worth from this gym!
It's new and shiny and our trainer, richard, was amazing, encouraging and awesome!
This is a serious gym and they even have competing groups on the other side.
These teachers are very good and teach them what it is like to be a true gymnast.
The best gym in pittsburgh!
I like this gym,highly recommend it.
Also i recommend you guys a really good trainer jacob.
This gym is the best.
Lifetime is everything la fitness is not.
The most expensive gym membership is the one you don't use.
Gyms are basically temples of self, so nothing surprises me anymore.
This la fitness is right around the corner from my house.
They recently remodeled and updated this location, transforming it, imo, from a gym into a fitness club.
Factoring in the convenience, the cleanliness and the reorganization of the weights, i rate this 4 stars.
I was visiting the area from my regular orangetheory gym in boulder, colorado.
The group behind the desk and on the fitness floor are amazing.
I had my daughter at another place for gymnastics last year.
Some may say that i am obsessed with my new fitness routine.
I live near northern now and i still pass two other la fitness to get here.
She knows what it takes to lose the weight and get my butt to lifted.
Has everything; close to my house and trainers are the best!!!
Fitness's are free to use.
Having a great experience at my new gym.
The facility is amazing, the training staff is knowledgable and friendly and service oriented.
I credit my work with a trainer at this underground fitness for those amazing changes.
Underground fitness is no wearhouse gym.
My best decision this decade was to start working out at underground fitness.
Can't wait to start going to the gym.
The studio is the same as before, well-stocked with mats and weights.
This la fitness has its problems, but one problem for sure is not they're personal trainers.
Before training wit him i couldn't even bench the bar now i am reppin 245 lbs.
I owe a lot to aaron and his fitness knowledge.
Had personal training sessions with jon.
I love this gym so much, it's really like the best change of my life !!
Due to the fact that there are no fitness instructors or classes, the membership is low.
Overall, if you're looking for a cheap gym with no frills, i highly recommend fit4less!
Many gyms will stink horribly like sweat, body odor, and bacteria.
I saw that they were a relatively small gym for this area, but that is what i like.
(if you're looking for a huge gym with a huge classes, this isn't the place for you).
This box has a nice, small gym vibe with lots of personalized attention.
The trainer jeff and owner ross were both there helping us out, and both were great guys.
The gym is always clean and well-managed.
Five stars for the vdara gym!
Really a well equipped gym.
However, the gym is so well equipped and maintained that i can overlook the lack of space.
Compared to most of the 24 hour fitnesses that i've been to.
This gym is relatively empty in my opinion!
Weights stacked all along the back wall (one down side is it gets separated for entrance to basketball court).
All the fun cardio machines and weight machines that you need.
So be sure to use your free weights.
:)   thanks for the great gym-away-from-gym workouts guys!
I lived in chandler for almost two years and used this gym almost daily.
It is never that crowded, even on a saturday morning or a later afternoon gym run.
The weights and weight machines are pretty decent and again, not that crowded most of the time.
The staff at this location are the friendliest (imo) among the other 24 hour fitness locations in the valley.
Some of the personal trainers i would never ask to purchase sessions from.
The location of this gym is not in the best area of the city, although decent.
I was looking for a cycle gym.
I am amazed how far i have come in my physical wellbeing with just 6 months of training with lisa.
She is honest and upfront about what you need to do to lose weight and tone your body.
Listening to and living lisa's nutrition advice enabled weight loss.
Trusting and working hard at the weights and cardio have resulted in a stronger, more toned body.
Contacted them a few times, because a friend told me about the gym.
2 email sent out asking about cost and possible promotion or specials at the gym.
3rd email sent out, asking about which option at the gym will be best for me to sign up for.
Called the gym with the phone number provided, let it ring about 10 times with no answer.
Not sure what the deal with this gym.
I decided to just drive to the gym in person, since i am very interested.
I started my 1 day training and enjoy the program.
From the personal trainers to the welcome desk staff, everyone is smiling!
By far my favorite 24 hour fitness in las vegas!
I love this gym!
I have been to a few other crossfit gyms and this is my favorite.
I currently don't live in arizona but have come for the open gym on saturdays for some acro lovin'.
They have so many classes, workshops, open gyms and different things and varieties to offer!
Pretty solid crew, solid gym!
I was extremely impressed with how clean and well organized this gym was.
Oh and every single trainer seriously rocks
This place is amazing and the trainers are wonderful!
Gym area is great and location is perfect!
No gym really compares on this level, including the village at more than twice the cost.
Best gym in town!
I'm new to the area and was exploring gyms today.
The jcc has a great gym.
Great gym and fitness classes.
This is my favorite gym out of all the 24 hr fitness in las vegas.
Awesome workouts..great trainers...and a fun group of people.
The trainers really try to help you out and work with any injuries or problems you might have!!
Love this location and the trainers are amazing.
Devan from eos fitness has taken care of me!
The gym is awesome.
Shawn is a top notch trainer.
He is very professional with clients and with his interactions with other trainers in the gym.
Wonderful gym and really great staff!
Large weight room with everything you need and a wide variety of cardio equipment as well.
Love the senior center here only $ 10.00 to join senior center and can use the gym and pool.
I came in from la on a work trip and love having planet fitnesses all over the country.
Definitely one of the nicer la fitness gyms in the phx area.
Justin is an amazing trainer and i couldn't be more happy with my results i'm getting from his classes!
You really don't need a big gym, to get a workout.
But at least its bigger then the last gym i applied too.
He used to be a personal trainer, so lucky me because i get to get his expertise at the gym.
We checked out several gyms in the area and it came down to fitness works and 24 hour fitness.
I've come here many times for massages, tanning and occasionally fitness classes.
I go here multiple times a week and enjoy doing so more than any gym i've been to before.
Personally i really like this gym.
This is the first time i have ever had a personal trainer.
My trainer is grady macklin and he is the absolute best.
His training is exactly what i needed to get back on track.
If you ever considered getting a trainer, grady is the one you want.
I think this is a great gym.
However, you have to understand my perspective on gyms.
A gym serves two purposes.
There was also that one week that the whole gym was closed for renovation and nothing actually changed.
Pure body fitness is a great place to work out.
If you're serious about working out lifetime fitness is your gym and more.
& great personal trainers!
I also like the fact that this is not like the other types of gyms.
I never thought i'd pay this much ($90/month) but i can't quit this gym!
I did my personal training assessment with him  and it was a great workout and a lot of great info!
Shawn has a vast knowledge of fitness, nutrition and the mechanics of the human body.
We just don't talk about fitness but about everything in life.
My body fat has gone from 15.5% to 12.9% in 5 months that i have trained with him.
Technical school..good training...art is on of the best jiu-jitsu instructer i've ever trained with....
Gym is nice and well maintained, much better condition than some other locations such as warner rd or scottsdale rd.
Thank you la fitness for providing a clean environment for us while working out.
Jeremy scott fitness was crucial in helping me get back on track after my first baby.
The trainers are really kind and helpful and the atmosphere was positive and encouraging.
I hate traditional workouts and the feeling of going to a gym.
I have seen 24 hour fitness offering $25 a month.
It was cool finally being able to make it to the gym.
Saw roger and jeff mayweather training people.
There were a lot of people either training or sitting/standing and watching like us.
Definitely glad we came through to check out the mayweather gym!
Yes, i am aware of the cost difference, but this place is not just a "gym".
I was a member of mountainside fitness for many years and really had no complaints.
Plus i know i would have really missed this gym.
The women's gym is very large despite what someone else said in their review.
This location is a true 24 hour fitness, which is nice.
The gym seems fairly new, and it is rarely crowded.
Love this la fitness!
Have been training with shawn for a little over 2 months.
Losing weight while gaining muscle!
Everything from the cardio/weights to the pool and locker room features, all so amazing.
What a huge difference from the anytime fitness location at decatur.
I appreciate my new gym at losee!
Shawn is very dedicated to make you reach your health and fitness goals and dreams.
I was afraid to gain weight, but to my surprise and delight i lost body fat and gained lean mass.
I highly recommend shawn to anyone looking for an amazing personal trainer.
This review is for carlos, the general manager and josh, the personal trainer.
To provide a little context, i have been going to the gym (planet fitness) for about 4 years.
It was nice not being hounded to buy a membership like other gyms.
I have to tell you that i love this gym.
I mean, as much as you can love a gym.
The gym is always clean.
I just started at la fitness today.
Haven't been to the gym in a long time, and i felt it.
Great staff and trainers.
This is a great gym, no complaints at all and i been going for a month.
Yea, membership fees are a bit high and no family packages but that's not the gym's fault.
This gym is a no bull$hit gym.
I drive 20 miles from anthem to go here and pass 2 gyms for a reason.
It doesn't matter if you're in the best shape of your life or haven't been to the gym for years.
It's like having a personal trainer, but not having to pay the price for them.
Very clean and the best gym for a very reasonable price.
Update to say that i'm still a pleased member of this fitness connection.
I highly recommend ubbc personal training and boot camp to everyone.
Check them out if you are looking for a crossfit gym.
I know there will always be a cardio station and a strength station for me for my time at otf.
Personally i love la fitness.
The trainers and owners actually care about each individual person and really push you to work your hardest.
Well laid out, working equipment, and a circuit training area that looks inviting but kicks butt!
No one grunts while lifting weight, and people are there to work out.
An unpretentious gym, and lots of motivational writing on the walls to keep you going.
Now, if only i had motivational writing on my bedroom walls to get me to the gym...
This gym was excellent!
I have been to many gym/academies/stables/whatever-you-want-to-call-them in my lifetime; none have been as good as xtreme couture mma.
It does not get any better than the reigning adcc heavyweight champion teaching you bjj; it truly doesn't.
The giant training areas are self-explanatory: big cages, big rings, big mat areas and a small one upstairs.
I will be back however, to get my fitness on!
I came here in search of getting my son some mma training.
She and everyone at the gym were open to trying my son who was barely eligible (5).
The vibe in here is about as friendly and as welcoming as you could hope for in a fight gym.
Suk in the fitness center was a treat to work with.
He cared about making fitness a lifestyle habit and something you could continue with long term.
The gym itself is nice, plenty of circuit and cardio equipment, as well as some free weights.
This is the best muay thai gym in the valley.
I started here about 3 weeks ago with 2 years of training prior.
On top of that, everyone trains with everyone!
It's true what the other reviews said, it's a fun little fitness community.
When i moved from ny to las vegas i immediately started looking for a place to train.
It is 40 minutes of high intensity interval training.
This is one of the nicer sport 24 hr fitness locations.
I am considering moving to this area and wanted to ck out the gym before i made a move.
I've been a mbr of 24 hr fitness since 08 in san diego north county area.
I opened my membership@ the 24 hr fitness headquarters in carlsbad which was a block over from my employer.
They have a wide variety of timesand different gym classes.
I highly recommend this gym over others in the area.
Came here for the spartan training workout that was hosted by spartan race.
It's a really nice gym!
Since there's plenty of mountains out this way it's perfect for the type of training that they provide.
The gym itself is awesome.
They have various types of challenging obstacle race training.
And not an adult in the gymnastics world, which starts at about 17 - a real adult.
There are other gyms that will teach adults, but they are more do-it-yourself, instruction on demand,  types classes.
Staff is friendly and helpful, and bill from sb is a trainer there.
It has the amenities of a large gym, but still keeps that small independent feel to it.
The community, gym vibe and energy is always great at ocf.
This is a great gym to go to train for anyone at any fitness level.
Update: i am your 2015 otf ultimate weight loss challenge winner, shedding 27lbs in 6 weeks.
Before coming here, i felt powerless against my relentless weight gain.
You cant out-train a bad diet, so you gotta get your mind right before dropping that coin.
My family belongs to this gym.
Overall the gym is the same as most, the difference is the instructors for the classes.
The trainers were very friendly and quite knowledgeable!
I'm a group fitness lover which is why i joined this club.
The gym's still "unsullied" and looking "brand spanking new."
Robert and vicky are the best when it comes to your health and fitness goals.
Both are very easy to talk to and super knowledgeable, and you never feel ashamed of your fitness level.
They are both so down to earth and really care about the people they train.
Robert got me physically fit for a work-related fitness test i was struggling with in only two months.
Easily the most upscale gym i've been to in las vegas!
Highly recommend the infrared sauna, candlelight yoga and personal training with joanne!
Thanks jaz family sport and fitness!
This is the only rock climbing gym i've been to so my review might be a bit biased.
The gym itself is very nice.
I love going to this gym.
My personal trainer there is cody, he's awesome!
I need to start by saying i am not a gym person.
I would reccomend any person at any fitness level to go to this gym.....please ask for vicki!!!!
I needed a jump start to get back into my fitness routine and this was exactly what i needed.
There have been people of all ages and fitness levels in my classes so far.
I feel awesome after each workout, probably from all the endorphins after all the cardio.
The first half of the class is a hiit style cardio session using treadmills and row-machines.
Second half is more body work with light weights.
There's also boxing days to get in a little more cardio!
I've been here for a few years, and i've been able to enjoy the main gym area.
Having now visited a number of la fitness locations in phoenix i can say the following with confidence...
Personal training * gerard rocks.
* yes, the gym is crowded at peak times.
* yes, the step up weight machine has been broken for months.
General comment about la fitness training.
I just went in for a fitness eval / measurements seven months out.
Pricey but after years of spartan gyms, i feel this one is worth the extra money.
Stopped in to train.
If i lived in the pittsburgh area that's the gym i would use, definitely.
I have thought i would be into crossfit, but thanks to this gym i'm hooked!
I was looking for a gym that was cost effective that had good machines-no fluff like pools, classes, etc.
For my needs, this gym is ideal.
The machines are good-never had a problem using them, lots of weight machines, etc.
I had previously looked into la fitness, but did not join because it was filthy.
For the price-if you are looking for a gym to go do your thing and leave, i would recommend this.
Don't go there for the trainers or classes.
I would get a membership here because it is more then a gym ... it's home..
Pleasant surprise   i have to admit going to the gym can be intimidating .
At crossfit gym you will never have that problem.
The trainers at crossfit want to see you succeed and they truly care about your health and nutritional needs.
The employees at crossfit make it easy to want to embrace fitness because of the inviting atmosphere.
Hapt is great small group personal training gym.
I hadn't been to a gym in months.
The trainers justin, lauren and colton whipped me into shape in less then 30 days.
This is a great gym!
So, not a perfect gym, but it's better than what i've been used to in the past!
The trainers are awesome.
If you not  a gym person, but want to work out , this is your place!
I am not the biggest fan of working out, but because i don't want to gain weight.
They have a wide variety of machines available for you i mostly just use the cardio machines.
Randomly will lift weights.
Work outs are intense and all three trainers are great.
Could use a bit of cleaning like most other climbing gyms.
This is a great gym.
I love the women's weight area.
I love using the extra aerobics room in addition to the weights.
Although this one is older and not as nice compared to your typical la fitness, i still prefer this location.
The weights section is well equipped and their are plenty of plates and dumbbells to go around.
There are also a large amount of machines available, some of which are quite unique from other gyms.
Overall this gym has a good price point for its facilities.
I've been an la fitness customer for years because they have great equipment, pools, counts, and classes.
I often travel and there are nationwide gyms.
Like any gym this is about $30 a month.
It's not like a planet fitness where they give out free pizza!
Crossfit max effort is the place to train in las vegas.
You will not find another gym more passionate about the success of it's members.
I can not imagine training anywhere else.
Crossfit max effort will exceed your expectations of what a gym should or could be like.
If you're looking to get started on your fitness journey or change it up otf is a great option.
I really like you rock fitness!
While smaller, it has a much chiller vibe and resembles a boutique gym.
This gym has never been crowded while i've been here so you basically have the gym to yourself.
Really decent gym for the price i paid for.
They have all the equipment i need from cardio upstairs with a movie theatre.
I have been to numerous gyms in the past this one is by far the best yet.
Signing up was the easiest i have ever had at a gym!
This gym truly appreciates it's members and you can tell just by walking in the door.
Having worked in many gyms before, i knew the drill.
It's a good place for people with all kinds of fitness goals.
There is a mix of new and older cardio equipment from stairmasters to amts and treadmills.
Much like the cardio, these pieces seem to be a mix of old and new.
I'm more often annoyed that no one seems to re-rack their weights (but i can't fault fc staff for this).
The trainers are so knowledgable and very motivating.
My form has been corrected several times, its like having a personal trainer.
My fitness level has definitely improved and i've been able to adjust my workout accordingly.
This gym is spotless and the atmosphere is as far from "gym-like" as any fitness club can be.
Feels more like a spa  or a luxurious home gym than a fitness center.
But it's hard to lift weights or do cardio to, let's say, coldplay, lol.
Check it out and you'll see why this is a great gym alternative!
Clean and just has everything you would ever think of having at a gym
I've never joined a gym before as it always just seemed so overwhelming and i didn't know what to do.
This is definitely the right type of gym for me.
You are then personally guided around the small gym by one of the super-friendly and knowledgeable staffers.
They help you determine which fitness "track" is best for you (weight loss, sports performance, toning, etc.)
1 all-in-one for weight training and then 2 for cardio.
It totally takes the overwhelming-ness out of working out and joining a gym.
How much weight, how many reps, how to set the machine up, proper form, what pace, etc.
Again, totally takes the overwhelming-ness out of working out and joining a gym.
It's far from a "gym scene" and i love that.
As a gym i give it 4 stars strictly as a facility whose majority of its staff are great.
I recently signed up for this gym and i have had very positive experiences.
I used to find myself staring at the clock wondering when class would be over in other gyms.
Gyms don't get better than this if you are a member.
Just love the culture -- if you are looking for an enthusiastic, compassionate and kickass gym fam, look no further!
The trainer, richelle, is awesome.... she keeps it fun, and she is hilarious!!
I have been training with daniel for over a year.
Great gym, with an easy going staff.
(something rare in my experience at gyms)
Friendly fellow gym goers makes the atmosphere pleasant.
They have great trainers who show you how to do various workouts.
If i would stick to the food regime they supply i wouldve lost more weight.
Nice new gym - lots of machines, big basketball gym, pool, and a good childcare.
Great gym and trainers.
I started going to the gym as a guest with my boyfriend.
The staff is nice and the gym is well kept.
Back alley was the first crossfit gym i've joined.
The downside to this gym is that  there are shady members.
The overall feel of the gym is welcoming and encouraging.
There is a day care spot in the gym, so bring a baby.
This gym trainers were such good teachers that were interested in seeing improvement in strangers they didn't even know.
For those gym averse, i can relate.
I have hated gyms most of my adult life.
They push the personal trainer thing a bit but that's how they make money so it's understandable.
I'd definitely recommend this gym to my friends and family.
5 stars for both josh and la fitness!
Anytime fitness is kind of expensive.
The best part of this gym is the one on one care you get and the sauna is heaven!
I got pretty much all week .. really like the gym and it's big then most of the eos gyms
A lot of cardio, and trx and weights.
She is the best trainer there.
But the other trainers i will say aren't my favorites.
Staff is friendly and the gym is well maintained.
This gym has changed my entire life style.
Great gym and equipment but they could take care of it better.
I love the daycare option so i don't have to find a sitter everytime i want to hit the gym.
I switched to this gym from planet fitness because i just couldn't find a sitter.
The weight machine layout is a bit nutty.
I am writing this review specifically about one of the trainers at laf, josh werner.
I signed up and had a personal training assessment with josh and a training session the same day.
Josh was personable, knowledgeable, and more importantly an excellent trainer.
I would recommend josh to anyone looking for a quality trainer.
Staff seems to be on top of keeping weights and other equipment picked up and in the proper place.
Personal trainers seem to be well trained and very personable with their clients.
Excited to see my results after this 6 week weight loss challenge!
I always aim for roshanda's classes because she uses a lot of weights and i enjoy that.
Walking in we were in awe with all of the amenities such as: the gym, lockers, toiletries, jacuzzi, sauna, etc.
Awesome workouts with awesome trainers!
The trainers are very encouraging and personable.
You will feel very at home in this gym, everyone is so friendly and willing to help!
This has been my gym since june of 2017 and i haven't thought about switching.
For an affordable gym its as good as it gets.
Monkey bar gym is great.
It's functional fitness in a community-based setting.
The classes are fun and the trainers are very willing to help.
The gym dog max is a good dog!
Switched from mountainside fitness.
Planet fitness is exactly what it's advertised as... plenty of machines, no real clunking etc.
I trained with aaron for about two months.
I wish i could carry you in my pocket to the gym, bud!
When the training session is over,  he's still thinking about you.
Last november,  i weighed 300 lbs and was lost trying to lose weight on my own.
I started with ryan and a year later i am at 235 lbs and continuing to lose weight.
People who train here and are members respect this gym.
Everything you can't say about la fitness which is in this same plaza.
I canceled with la fitness after 10 years.
Not knowing what to expect when she attended, and found herself with training with two black belts plus the owner.
She has had 7years of training in tkd, and will now enjoy several years of training at bcf !!
If you are in search of a school that will provide excellent training...look no further.. you just found it !
Great place with good trainers.
One of a kind training studio.
Overall, i would recommend spartan training to anyone looking to make fitness part of their lifestyle.
New cardio machines were installed last month and there are plenty of free weights and weight machines.
This is a great la fitness/gym.
This gym has more equipment and is more up to date than the la fitness on 32nd st and camelback.
I have mixed feelings about planet fitness as a business, but this review will be on this particular facility.
I usually drive on over early in the mornings before the gym gets packed.
The women's room is by the fleet of cardio machines near the mall entrance.
It's my favorite cardio machine!
If all you need is the tools for fitness, bring your own drive and pf has got your back!
New to this gym and already felt welcomed by most staff.
I had a personal training session for my first day with josh, and it was very helpful.
He is also courteous and will send reminder texts for your training which is very much appreciated.
I highly recommend this location and their trainer josh.
It's a good gym for the price you pay.
Like every gym it's packed beginning of the week especially mondays (international chest day).
The gym also has a kids club (daycare), swimming pool, basketball court, and tanning booths.
All and all a really good gym.
Kosama is the best gym i've joined yet.
The overall experience is bar-none compared to other crossfit gyms i've been to.
The trainers are highly qualified and are there to motivate you to get the best results possible.
Missed the beginner's obstacle course training class at 9-11:30am unfortunately, but i'll be back to try that class another weekend.
I was 30+ pounds overweight.
But the benefits of orange theory are much, much more than just weight loss.
Thank you to all the wonderful trainers at orange theory--lake pleasant!
This is probably my fave la fitness as far as the set up goes.
I've been with la fitness for quite some time and only now taking advantage of the various classes throughout locations.
I have always hated the gym and been intimidated by the environment!
I am so grateful that i found jeremy scott fitness!
They have changed my overall outlook on fitness!
I love this box, i love the trainers and the members.
Other than that i love this gym.
I've done the aromatherapy bout 3yrs, but i've never been to the pool or fitness room.
Everyone in the gym is extremely welcoming.
I travel a ton, and have visited 10+ crossfit gyms in doing so.
I can honestly say this gym is the one i enjoyed the most.
It was no surprise that my best performance in the open took place at this gym.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone from the first-time crossfitter to a regionals-aspiring athlete.
Best gym, equipment and customer service we have ever seen.
We do however have to pay the difference in memberships from our platinum gym to their onyx.
You have a lot of different machines and free weights.
The gym size is good but i love that they have tons of changing rooms!
Gym immense, toujours le choix de machines/poids mme s'il y a beaucoup de gens.
Just went last night, and this has to be my favorite gym!
In 2007 this was my first gym i started when it was called bally's, now it's xl fitness.
But for the price i would say it's a pretty good gym.
He was probably the reason that i join/stayed at that gym.
I have belonged to many different gyms and this is on a whole different level.
This la fitness is just like all other locations.
Cardio kickboxing class with andrea is awesome!!!
And they hold the body fat percentage calculator hostage and make you sign up for training for it.
I have been pleasantly surprised by the simplicity of my gym.
Such a positive experience that i hadn't found at other gyms.
For staff like him is what has made me keep my membership with 24 hour fitness since 2008.
I've been to many la fitness locations in az and ca.
Personal trainers don't follow you around and push what you don't want.
Tv's on their treadmill (catch a show while doing cardio).
Whatever you choose to do....this is a great gym.
The overall cleanliness of the gym has been pretty good.
I have never trained in any martial art, boxing, nor anything similar.
Former baseball player back in the day, and regular weights, treadmill gym for years.
This is the gym where everyone is treated like family.
So if you're ready to to push yourself through primal fitness, head to http://www.amenzone.net/ and check it out.
I tried two other crossfit gyms before finding this one.
So it's not like other gyms where you go in work out,  and don't talk to anyone.
Video cardio room closed/ ladies sauna closed.
Conclusion: it really depends what you want from a gym and this may be your place.
One of the best gyms i have been to.
Full body workout that really pushes you to train harder.
Doing cardio might be difficult in the morning.
I've always hated sweating and regular gyms are always so boring and do absolutely nothing to boost my motivation.
This is truly the best gym i've ever been to and i would (and have!)
I gotta say... this gym is way better than lvac!!
New gym that is spacious,  brightly lit with open windows and big ceiling fans.
Great gym with awesome classes.
It definitely helps with good instructors, good music, i would recommend this gym for anyone!
Everything i expected in a goodlife gym (and i visit goodlife on a regular bases from all over toronto).
I'm back in the gym.
Great 24 hour gym!
He is an amazing trainer, and just what a body needs in the morning to get going.
This gym is great and so is the personal training!
I've been working out in different gyms my whole life and there is nothing better than training at summerlin crossfit.
Jeremy scott fitness is one of the best gyms that i've been to in arizona.
I really think you should give jeremy scott fitness a go you won't regret it.
This is my local gym and my second home 6 days a week.
I like taking the zumba classes in the evenings and i also use the machines and cardio for my workouts.
They have lots of personal trainers who always give me tips on how to do my workout better.
If you are looking to join a gym go to a 24 hour fitness.
I love that they dont have contracts like all the other gyms and even better 24 hour fitness is everywhere.
I hate working out in a traditional gym with a bunch of meatheads and machines.
I researched and visited a couple of gyms before coming into summerlin crossfit and was disappointed by the other places.
This is not just a gym to work out in, it is a motivating environment where everyone soon becomes family.
Chris and mike are very knowledgable and can help anyone achieve their fitness goals.
This gym is absolutely incredible!
This is a welcoming and comfortable place for you and your family, regardless of your fitness experience or goals.
Excellent trainers and different workouts every time!
It is like no other gym out there.
I really like this la fitness.
Since they opened in 2014, i have been a regular at this gym.
It's not a big as some of the other la fitnesses, but there is a nice neighborhood feel to it.
My only con is that some of these newer la fitnesses have smaller pools (2 to 3 lanes).
The facility also has an indoor track that is upstairs and circles the gym.
This is one of the nicer facilities although i don't think the weight room is large enough.
It's clean, which i cannot say for the disgusting la fitness in south side.
I don't understand why gyms don't install them.
So the only issue i have is the personal training.
I signed up for a special deal to get four training sessions.
I've had trainers before, so i know the drill and this has never happened before.
Aside from the personal training issue, i'm glad this is convenient to where i live, clean and accessible.
Best training that gets results!
We love the trainers at underground!!!!
It's your typical gym with skinny legged, big bicep dudes showing off and making too much noise when they lift.
I am currently looking for a new gym home.
Thus far, i have tried the beginners kickboxing and cross training classes.
Danny was the kickboxing trainer.
I remembered him from a gym i used to train at about 4 years ago.
Gil was the cross training trainer.
It's like an intense circuit training without heavy lifting like crossfit.
There is a cardio kickboxing class that i will be trying tomorrow.
I love that this gym has showers.
I remember trying this gym when i 1st moved to vegas.
Found exactly that at anytime fitness.
And with a personal trainer, i know i am on the right track....finally.
I like going to the ajax locations because the personal trainers are unionized, i like supporting fair labour practices.
The group fitness room is a bit small.
Best gym hands down especially with all the amenities.
The groups of 10 go through various workout stations in a circuit training type manner.
The exercises are all variations of squats, push-ups, sprinting with weights.
It's not cross-fit and it's not about lifting heavy weights - it's mainly high intensity training.
This gym will indeed give you the best workout of your life, if you can handle it.
Imran has some slower packed classes for weight training that work out muscle groups you never even knew you had.
By far the best gym that i've ever belonged to!
I'm constantly challenged and the owners, trainers and other clients are the most encouraging and supportive people i know.
Definitely give this gym a try if you're looking to get serious about fitness and have fun!
Everyone has been patient as i ask tons of questions and try to acclimate to the gym environment.
I've done it all and nothing has changed my stamina and body comp like the training at jsf.
I came back the following tuesday night for a semi-private workout with a trainer and 2 friends....and i was sold!
I committed to 2 semi-private training sessions/week, and i get the added bonus of the larger group workouts 3-4 times/week!
Ryan is an equally amazing trainer, and someone that i depend on to work with me on nutrition.
I had never done an interval training class and frankly, had never been fond of a treadmill.
I've lost the weight plus some and am stronger than i ever have been in my life.
I would highly recommend this fitness center to anyone looking to combine physical exercises with a nutritional diet.
I felt comfortable my time i trained here.
I definitely recommend this school to anyone wants to learn and train brazilian jujitsu.
I'm 35yrs old and only started training jujitsu this year and i love it!
It's always a challenge in every work out, but the gym atmosphere makes it worth while.
Surprised to see so many negative reviews for planet fitness.
For $20 a month you are part of a 24/7 gym with unlimited tanning, massage chairs, and massage beds.
The gym is staffed 24/7 so you don't have to tan during limited staffed hours either.
You can also go to any planet fitness location, including in the states.
They ensure everything is kept well maintained and the gym is beautiful as a result.
I worked with josh, a master trainer for several months at the 32nd street & camelback la fitness.
For adults, the tennis courts are outstanding, as is the fitness room too!
Do this equation: batting range + wave pool + gym + tennis courts + awesome staff = bonkers good facility.
Awesome place to start or continue training.
The trainers are well versed and will adapt to your current condition.
The greatest gym ever.
This gym cares about its members and you get results.
Weather you are just looking to lose weight or looking to compete metroflex is where you should be.
You get 24/7 access to this gym.
You get treated as your family would treat you....and its cheaper than most corporate gyms.
The koko cardio programs are great, too.
I'm new to town and am looking for a gym in pittsburgh.
The men's locker room was clean (well, clean enough) and the weights, machines and staff were fine.
I suspect bakery sq will be my "weekend gym" while rob twnshp will be the weekday.
There's bound to be another "local only" gym that meets those needs (rivers club, maybe).
I'll probably buy a super duper membership that lets me work out at any la fitness anywhere.
Great experience here at this gym!
I'd highly recommend this gym.
This review is really about the cafe (titan up cafe) that is attached to the gym.
Although the gym is great too, the cafe....omg ... is amazing.
After class, i bought a 10 class pack and have already been back for her cardio swing class!
Village is the nicer gym in terms of being cleaner and more upscale.
However village's main issue is a pathetic free weight section.
The coaches are well trained, patient and great with kids of all ages and degree of experience.
The best part is the gym is really open.
The cross training classes will have you feeling muscles you forgot you had!
All the trainers are very helpful and ready to assist.
Marnie has designed a workout that is excellent for any age group, and any fitness level.
My muscles were worked in area that standard weight training cannot touch!
I had a cardio dance class here this morning and the instructor was great!
I had a personal training session with josh and he was super motivating!
He pushed me to do more weight than i'd normally do and made sure i was doing everything properly (obviously).
Tons of weights and machines, 10 + benches!
I've been a member of 24 hour fitness since 2003.
Then i decided to join a second gym... a bigger one.
I've lost 25 pounds while gaining muscle and have seen many  other members progress towards their fitness goals.
If you work hard and trust the process you will reach and surpass your fitness goals.
A cardio based total body strengthening program (hits training....like the name says).
For $10 a month you have access to treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, free-weights and machines.
Slamming weights never bothered me but the siren does.
You work out as a group (or 1 on 1 sessions) and you train at your own pace.
Great gym with everything an aspiring cage fighter, boxer, kick boxer, thai fighter could want!
Looking forward to the new weight room coming soon.
They told me it will have a ton of functional weights and other resistance training items, too.
My fiance and i have been going to this gym for almost a year.
Personal trainers ali and mike o are the most friendly and caring guys you'll meet.
Another plus for me is the gym isn't full of body builders or swimsuit models hogging the mirrors.
If you're looking for a friendly gym with great managers and staff then this is it!
They won't hound you for personal training or brush you off if you have a question about any equipment.
Considering the size of this gym i think it's perfect.
Awesome workout, great music and excellent trainers!
They gym has lots of machines, so you never have to wait.
Members and staff put weights back.
My only questionable and very minor opinion is; shouldn't personal trainers be inspirational?
Blake is the friendliest most energetic person in the gym.
He explained all of the pricing and options as well as giving us a tour of the gym.
This gym looks spectacular, not your run of the mill sweat factory.
More defined muscles, better balance and posture and not to mention weight loss.
Well, if you need brand new fitness equipment, i suppose.
It you are a serious gym-rat, there's more free-weights at the 24 on eastern/sunset.
Fitness center: the fitness center is very similar to a nice hotel fitness center.
A larger space for free weights would be nice.
But it's a great option if you don't like going to a big gym.
A great clean gym with a family feel!
I also enjoy the class sizes and instructors, the variety of equipment and free weights.
Which is rare in a gym setting.
This gym really focuses on form and nutrition.
Great place to workout for any level of fitness!
Come see chris and joe, personalized trainer always with you.
This gym is in a prime location.
These are reasons why i started going to this gym.
I have been through training sessions before.
However, with this well educated, personal trainer the experience was brand new to me.
Best gym i've used.
Came to visit the gym and mayweather sr was nice to take some pictures with me and my boy.
Nice people in the gym.
Training with lonnie gave my fianc & i the motivation, drive, and ability to prep for our special day!
I recently joined & i love this gym!
Whether it is our fabulous owners or our fantastic trainers, they treat everyone like family.
We hold each other accountable but help each other reach our varying fitness goals.
This gym is not like any other gym i have been to and it is a life changing experience.
It should be noted that this is the cleanest gym i have ever been to as well.
:d there's also a fitness center (might need to be a member), tennis court, volleyball (my favorite!
This gym basically has all you need.
Quit whining about there being a bunch of pretty people at the gym.
If it bothers you that much, go to a different gym!
There are normally plenty of machines available...unless you come at 6pm after the new year - same with any gym.
It's a great gym to call home !
If you are looking into getting a personal trainer at eos, i highly recommend cory moore.
I always enjoyed coming to my training sessions because cory made it fun and every time was different.
I was not used to indoor training and i absolutely enjoyed it
Such a great gym for beginners!
I really enjoyed starting out in the cardio theatre.
This seems to be the trend with la fitness.
I have never been to a bigger or better gym in montreal.
This is the best fitness studio in henderson hands down!
I love the old school training and the family atmosphere .
Trainer, josh, is the greatest, worked around my injuries and keeps it fun.
I started coming here because i needed something different than the regular boring gym.
Nice atmosphere, undivided attention from the trainers, never too crowded.
I love that it's a large gym but has a small, personable atmosphere.
If you're thinking about trying jiu-jitsu or looking for a new place to train, this is it.
I've started to balance my fitness routine with machine weights so this review is based on the machine weights.
This gym has a mixture of the old and new equipment.
U get 2 free classes to try out and u can always modify ur workout to match ur fitness level
The cardio machines are all decent.
There are a large variety of weight training machines that my husband mostly uses.
Free weights as well.
I mostly joined this gym because i wanted to have access to the pool.
I never feel like i'm being watched in this gym like i have in other gyms i have been to.
Best work out i've ever got in, brandon is an amazing trainer.
Yes, the gym is supppperrrr busy during peak hours (5:30-9 ish), but yes, the facilities are worth it!
I would say the gem of the gym are the classes.
For women especially, definitely take "body pump" because it introduces you to weight training, which men traditionally do.
Other than the crazy peak hours, the gym is amazing.
Trainers rock and so do front of house staff.
So far i haven't had a bad class at this gym.
Training with shawn has been amazing!
Train with him and you will not be disappointed.
Very unique type of exercise especially for those who tire easily from mundane workouts at the gym!
I chose a trainer for help named parker, very motivational an helpful knows what he's doing.
I recommend this gym an there trainers to anybody in phx.
There are usually plenty of cardio machines available.
Staff is friendly although, i haven't had any personal training from them yet.
They have plenty of tv's and some cardio machines have their own tv's (which cam be extremely difficult to operate.)
I really do like fitness 19, and will consider myself a regular on my next vacation to pittsburgh.
They have 10 custom reformers that they use to fuse classic pilates with a high intensity cardio work-out.
Don't get me wrong, personal training isn't cheap!
City athletic club: shawn trains exclusively out of this gym.
I had to sign up for a membership along with the training sessions.
A lot of trainers come here to train clients, and a lot of pros come here to train too.
This gym is great if you want a place to do cardio or lift weights.
There are plenty of cardio machines and i enjoy the variety of the weight machines.
I also like the diversity of the members - definitely not a "meathead' only gym.
The studio itself is very welcoming and friendly from the staff to other clients training.
Brandon & eveylan are awesome trainers, they take the time to understand what your goals and expectations are to accomplish.
This location is by far my favorite and is located perfectly between everything you need post gym workout.
No gym id rather sweat my problems out at and or spend my money at.
The training is top notch with a huge variety of workouts.
The temperature is on the warmer side but i came there to escape the gym with my wife.
Plus, it is such a fun break from my traditional gym i go to back at home.
The trainers are great, the workouts are creative and challenging and the equipment is state of the art.
This is one of the best life time locations, and gyms, in the country.
This gym is probably the best around.
It seems everyone has a problem with cancellation policy not the gym.
Pay in advance and enjoy one of best gyms charlotte has to offer.
I haven't taken the boxing classes but the jiujitsu training is awesome!
I am not a big gym-rat, but am trying to learn how to work out regularly.
The 5 star rating is for my trainer, josh r.  he works with me on diet, exercise and general fitness.
Just wanted to prop out the personal trainer, josh, at this location.
Definitely ask for him if you're looking for some training and motivation.
They monitor the sizes of their classes so they can give everyone the one on one training attention.
I don't think i've ever been in a class with more than 6 people in it, it's basically personal training.
My fitness program is tailored for me and her nutrition coaching is also helping me reach my goals.
I've tried other trainers and facilities and finally found the best!!
No one will try to sell you any personal training packages, fitness assessment, peronalized fitness programs.
The only thing is the fitness classes, you do need to enroll online every terms.
Fitness members are put on waitlist if not enough non members are enrolling then members got a spot.
This place offers a group workout split between treadmill work and a combination of rowing machine and weights/trx.
If you are looking to mix up your workout, orange theory will push you to a new fitness limit.
Family enjoyed seeing the gym.
Despite all the money his gym stays humble in training!
Ok so i just found out that you should join a fitness club to work out...wow who knew???
I'm all about the fitness can't you tell??
Late last year, i quite suddenly found myself without a gym.
I'd been training at a small private gym for nearly 2 years and our schedules no longer worked.
Knowing globo gym wasn't for me and feeling the need to try something new, i reached out to some friends.
It's a gym where people exercise.
I've belonged to several gyms.... and this is the only one that i have "stuck with".
The weights are well organized in a section in the back.
Group training at it's best!
Workouts are always challenging for any level of fitness!
Not only are the trainers great but the people that go there are encouraging towards one another!
This 24 hour fitness location is one of its best i have ever been to.
This is a nice gym however it is not as clean as it could be during the day or night.
What a great gym!
The trainers are all very nice and knowledgeable, especially lisa.
At first, you will think "what could this little trainer show me about getting shredded?"
Shawn truly dedicates himself to assisting in your weight loss journey in anyway he can.
But unfortunately, not enough equipment in the weight area during rush hours.
I was looking for something more cardio based and man did i get more than i asked for.
The gym is very clean and the environment is comfortable.
I recommend this place to anybody at any fitness level.
This is the best 24 hour fitness i have discovered in arizona.
For this grad student too cheap to pay for a trainer it is golden.
This is my favorite gym!
They have professional trainers & they provide excellent services to their clientele
Thank you to lisa and the whole staff at cardio barre!
The coaching staff and trainers at triplex make you feel so welcome to be there.
Great gym if you are looking for a mature (not old)crowd of people.
My son can't wait to get back to training.
I was looking for some home gym equipment, researched online and found fitness avenue website (www.fitnessavenue.ca).
I would recommend fitness avenue for all your home gym or fitness accessories needs.
Stopped by the gym to meet the man a few months back..counldt get close, but i understood.
Felt like i had to stop in here to write a quick review for this gym.
When i signed up they provided a free personal training session.
Wow what a great goodlife fitness location - i was considering a fit4less membership before i saw this place!
It is no wonder why this is rated as one of the best goodlife gyms in the area.
It's a warm-up that i never asked for - maybe i should suck it up because it's a gym.
Additionally, one of the keys here is that the people are just amazingly friendly and are passionate about fitness.
A lot of it is technique, but a lot of it is training muscles that you don't even think about.
If you're in vegas and want to train, come to xtreme cotoure.
Love this gym and the trainers!!
In the 4 years i've lived on the east side, i've been a member of 2 different gyms.
The gyms i was previously a member of didn't really fit the bill.
The gym is pretty new and super clean and modern.
The gym is spacious with a great workout space, lots of machines and usually no wait for machines.
The workouts are challenging for any fitness level.
It almost feels like personal training with a great connection to the class leader and the support staff.
I stopped in today to use my last training session with erin, described as a tall dude.
This la fitness has been here for years, but, is well loved by the staff.
It could be a training issue with staff and i know he'd be happy to work on it.
Some stand up humor and plenty of knowledge of gym stuff.
Personal training + gina brought me the rest of the way.
The trainers have a healthy respect for her because she knows what she's doing.
On my last day of la fitness i figured, "eh.
But the timing worked out and i scored a squat rack with my training session.
So this personal trainer erin.
(i've got poop for balance so i was kind of worried he wasn't going to let me squat weights.
I demonstrate i know how to squat the bar without weight on it.
At this point i asked to do 6 reps with more weight.
And this is when i knew erin was a great trainer.
It's what the trainer is comfortable with."
If you're in the market for a trainer i'd try and get on this guy's list.
Good enough for cardio, but weights, ehh.
I'm not lean enough to be the leanest guy in the gym!
All of the equipment was in great working order, which is rare in gyms...
All of the trainers are so awesome, they help you put your wraps on and your gloves.
Water-day, gym, playground, every week they have a new craft.
I have been going to this gym for over two years, and i started when it was still urban active.
There is still a ton of space inside, and lots of cardio and weight machines.
Robert had a great program that balances weight training with cardio and healthy eating.
Which is not why i am going to the gym.
At least there are free weights there.
They offer different classes and personal trainers as well.
The trx and weight training stations were my favorite.
The air bike was a nice cardio addition- the more you push the better the breeze.
I also like how the stations would stagger- strength, cardio, strength, cardio.
What a beautiful gym.
It has all of the basic necessities and is half as crowded as the other popular gym.
I wish that my gym had one.
The body bar fitness and spa has so, so much to offer you.
Their services include a members only gym, as well as a public tanning, spa, and group exercise classes.
I haven't partaken in everything (i'm not a gym member, and i don't tan...and neither should you!
This seems to be the trend with la fitness.
I'm a 24 hour gym and gold's gym member.
Couple that with the a/c never being the right temperature, and you're left with a sweaty, smelly, hot gym.
With how crowded the gym has become during certain time slots, you'd think they'd do something...
As someone that does a lot of interval training, i thought this concept was great!
I highly recommend it, especially to guys that don't like group fitness classes.
Full disclosure - i hate fitness clubs.
I've been training for an ironman event.
I have a pool but it's not long enough for any serious swim training.
This place may change my mind about fitness clubs.
I moved on to the basketball gym and found multiple hoops available.
No nonsense gym, hard work, sweat and days of soreness (the good kind).
Anytime fitness on major mac is a great gym!
Anytime fitness allows you to workout literally anytime!
It's a 24/7 gym which includes all holidays.
You can also use your membership for any other anytime fitness location.
It combines interval cardio training and circuit weight training for an hour of crazy sweating.
And if you're scared about the cardio portion on the treadmill, don't be.
I am so excited for all the things to come and i am glad that i found my gym family!
Favorite crossfit gyms in las vegas, ocr orientated.
That's pretty impressive considering previous gyms and work out plans did not work out for me.
It is my outlet away from my busy household and has helped me tremendously shed post baby weight.
They have made my fitness journey enjoyable and able to stick with it!
Whether it be boxing training.
I have tried everything.. gyms.. always found an excuse to not go, i would get bored.
Trust me you will get called out by your peers if you are not pulling your weight, so to speak.
My trainer is lisa at the thompson peak/bell location and shes funny and tough.
The staff is all very friendly, not at all intimidating, and very knowledgeable about how to properly train your body.
They always do their best to work with your schedule; they really want you to succeed in your fitness goals!
That's why when i find a studio/gym/trainer that i adore, i like to shout it from the rooftops.
There's a reformer room both upstairs and downstairs, personal training area and a room for group mat classes.
I looked at multiple gyms before visiting anytime fitness.
I felt comfortable and at home and really excited about working towards my health and fitness goals!!
It's been a couple months now, and i am sooo thankful that i found anytime fitness!!!
Lot's of attractive male trainers who are in great shape and very friendly.
Best gym in scottsdale.
Best and most abundant cardio equipment.
Best weightlifting floor, including multiple olympic platforms with bumper plates.
They are complete pros and some of the most knowledgeable groups of trainers in the business.
If you take your training and conditioning seriously, this is the place to be.
The gym was always very clean and well cared for.
Just a solid gym for a good workout.
Sometimes the bathrooms could be cleaner, but all in all with that much traffic it's a pretty solid gym.
4 overall (5 for bruce and 3 for gym!)
I have worked out at her fitness studio and then decided to try out her boot camp.
Definitely give this gym a try!
Richelle is still by far my favorite trainer.
I'm a huge fan of all the trainers at the pecos ranch location.
The trainers do an excellent job of giving "modified" exercises so that all levels are able to do these workouts.
What i found at this anytime fitness was another pleasant surprise, at least for the most part.
The people being trained were having a good time.
If you're looking for group classes, machines, or cardio, this is probably the ideal location for you.
If you're looking for free weights, maybe not ideal.
This gym is great!
It is a perfect little local gym.
If you like huge over filled gyms this probably isn't the place for you.
Prowess offers seriouse training in pole and areal arts along with flexibility training.
It is probably the strongest pole/ areal training facility in arizona.
I'm doing more today because of the specialized training and coaching then i have done in a really long time.
The gym is clean and i have yet to meet a employee here with a bad attitude.
I've been with jeremy scott fitness for a couple of years now and i absolutely love it!
Great gym, friendly staff.
The facility is state of the art and it's more than a gym.
There's day care, after-school programs, group exercise classes, personal training, a nice size pool, etc.
The gym is very clean and it's never overcrowded.
Cancelled a membership at a "big" chain gym to come back here.
There is more than just the machine rooms- gym, saunas, pools, etc..
The trainers are awesome at motivating clients and i'm totally addicted to their classes!
While it does get a bit busy towards the afternoon of you go mid morning the gym is yours.
I can't express how much i love this gym i had left a year ago and went to lifetime fitness.
#realgymbyrealpeople my heart & loyalty stays with this gym.
I have been member at this gym for about two months now.
Yes this gym is old  but thankfully that keeps away the "do you even lift bro ' fellas outta here.
More than enough cardio machines and free weights to keep people from having to wait.
They even have new suspension training equipment that has become hype.
Best of all this location follows old 24 hr fitness hours!
I had hit a wall but wanted to actually put on some muscle instead of just losing weight.
I have used other personal trainers before and none of them had the knowledge and expertise that shawn does.
No mysterious bruises on kids like in la fitness.
I've been an la fitness customer since 2004, i like their gyms.
They have a chair, not a bench, a chair in front of the heaviest weights.
Come on la fitness!
I've seen this gym grow..
I was one of the early members of the gym when hardknocks first opened at the old location.
I've been training martial arts for over 12 years on and off..
I've been to a few gyms around town and when it comes to muay thai..
Nothing compares to how renzo (head trainer/owner) teaches.. real traditional muay thai techniques.
This class give you a full total body workout plus cardio me being a beginner it was great.
Although the gym itself can use an upgrade, the staff is fantastic.
Price is above.. but look who you are training with.
The trainers really understand how to program clients whether its for general fitness, body building, or powerlifting.
The trainers are all competitors themselves and can program all aspects of your training needs [nutrition, cardio, resistance training].
Revolution training is definitely worth considering if you want to up your training and fitness game.
If your looking for a great personal trainer you can't do any better than josh russo.
The gym was packed and i had to wait to get a machine, but otherwise it was great.
Every workout includes cardio plus weight training that pushes you far beyond how most people would train on their own.
We pay a lot of money to belong to this gym and should be catered to and treated great.
The teachers are well trained and care about all the kids which makes me more comfortable going to work everyday.
The trainers are great and know how to give you that little or big push that you need.
If you want that stuff go to a salon, not the gym.
I don't like working out at a gym where it is all college kids or all soccer moms or whatever.
The members come from all walks of life and are all ages and levels of fitness.
There is a lot of respect and courtesy amongst the members that you often don't find at other gyms.
The weight room is not vast but i don't think i've ever seen anyone waiting for machines.
Svonte has the greatest customer service i will be going to this gym often.
This gym is great, all the machines i use are always available.
I dealt with harassment at eos fitness and these guys don't put up with that.
He wasn't like most gym guys.
So i began my search, touring gyms of all walks, creeds and price ranges.
Some gyms are super cheap, but they serve pizza at the front desk and throw people people like me out.
Countless amounts of  eyecandy with gym shoes to match the skin tight gym attire, check.
Wives flirting with their young buff trainers, check.
Tons of state of the art equipment and weights, check.
Great pool, cardio, yoga, and spin classes, check.
I don't think i can express how much i enjoy this gym!
It has a small basketball court, outdoor play area, computer lab, tv, and climbing indoor gym.
I took a cardio kickboxing and a yoga class.
There is another gym that has the same amenities and is not as much.
One thing i forgot to mention when initially doing the review...this gym has a barbie and ken feel to it.
I go to the gym to workout not to impress anyone.
This gym gets the job done!
I just recently had my first experience at la fitness.
Overall i had a great first experience at this la fitness!
Always loved this gym.
The gym is clean, well maintained.
Typical sport gym with basketball court and pool.
Manageable crowd, i.e., not much waiting for weights / machines.
Everyone is very welcoming from the clients, staff, trainers, manager, etc.
An amazing workout with body weight, cardio, resistance bands and the wall!
Best instructors, best members, best gym ever!
We love this gym!
When we work out we mostly use machines, cardio and the free weight rooms.
Need a gym, go here!
But i have done a ton of cardio-pulmonary in my life (e.g.
I've also always carried an extra 20-40 pounds over my "ideal" weight (i've never really cared ... i've never "dieted").
(and probably would, except  they lift weights and i don't).
* there's a mild emphasis on over-training.
No one at koko has ever mentioned grossly diminishing return of doing more than two weight lifting sessions to me.
* 15 minutes isn't quite enough for a cardio session.
Think personal training and group fitness at the same time while you are "competing" with your group-mates.
My first class started with the treadmill then row machine to weights.
I would say i'm more of a class person than a standard gym person.
Nice gym, a little small but i prefer small gyms.
Great gym, wonderful coaching and people, and i always feel like i accomplished and learned something.
Looking to continue my pursuit of weightlifting, i recently joined crossfit uv.
What i really want to mention is the availability of gym hours.
Not sure what everyone complains about here... this gym has everything you could possibly need if you're a lifter.
If you take strength training seriously, this is the best gym in madison.
The gym is 24 hours.
They dont have group fitness or a swimming pool though, so look elsewhere if you need those things.
The clientele have good gym etiquette.
I met steve in august of 2014, after briefly talking to him about fitness and crossfit i was immediately interested.
I started training with him about 2 weeks after that.
I had previous experience working out at la fitness for about 4 years, i thought i was in great shape.
Crossfit is and extremely exciting and challenging mental and physical style of training.
When i first started looking for an mma style gym i was very nervous about attending.
They were excited to have a new training partner that they could teach and help learn.
Everyone there is very knowledgeable and are able to push you as hard as you want to train.
I have no complaints about this gym.
Great gym for bodybuilders and powerlifters.
Great price, great space and great energy in the gym.
This is my home gym (eaton centre north).
Ft and the free weights area is a tad small.
Overall, i would give this gym a rating of 3.5-4 stars but dropping due to it's age.
I like the fact that the workouts combine strength training, plyometrics, cardio and even a little isometrics.
With orange theory fitness, all i can say is "i hate going to otf, but i love having gone."
Many machines and weight machines all in excellent condition.
Going to the gym can be overwhelming sometimes in that there are nearly infinite options of workouts and exercises.
My sister and i have been training with matt for about 5 months now, it has been fantastic.
More importantly he has gone through his own incredible weight loss transformation.
This makes all the difference to me as someone who is overweight!
The personal training setting feels very private and personal compared to a large gym.
Everything i expected in a goodlife gym (and i visit goodlife on a regular bases from all over toronto).
Rich is an amazing trainer.
I look forward to more time with this exceptional trainer!
Like most gyms, you have to give 30 days notice to cancel.
I've tried many gyms around las vegas, including lifetime fitness and in my opinion, nothing compares.
If you're looking for an intimate gym with owners who show up and care, this is the gym for you.
Great otf gym....from the front desk staff to the instructors!
I even quit the gym and strictly go here for my workouts.my favorite trainer is kenpo.
All of the trainers are very knowledgeable and approachable.
It is not like a gym where no one even looks at you.
Otf always has promotions and contests going on to challenge your fitness level.
Being there is like a second home and i have never gotten that from another fitness place.
Signed up for personal training and everyone was really helpful and nice!
Amazing gym with great coaches.
I've belonged to two other crossfit gyms and this one is my favorite.
I can't say enough about how awesome this gym is.
The gym is located at a ice arena on the second floor above the locker rooms.
One of the best jiu jitsu gyms in las vegas.
This is "all you need" gym.
Very decent membership $$$  love it here, lots of weights, new machines, huuuuuge matt
They have classes that help with flexibility, stretching, cardio, dance, etc.
I am so in love with aerial fitness now because they made it easy and fun!
If you're looking for a gentle intro to boxing and fitness, this really isn't the place for you.
I really love working at at this gym for it's layout and it's environment.
My trainer nate is very patient, fun to be around, and extremely talented at his profession.
Just got a membership and i have to say i'm so excited to work with all the personal trainers.
I had my first personal training session yesterday and he was so encouraging and pushed me to my limits!
My favorite gym ever.
This y really caters to every level of fitness and also to any needs you may have.
1pm on sunday's (don't quote me on that, check the schedule first, i'm a cardio strength kind of gal).
Whenever i need to be on this side of town, i pack a gym bag.
I'm a big fan of the junction location of snap fitness.
The only downside to this gym is there are no showers!
Very conducive to a good training environment.
I really like the variety, i have never done the same weight session twice.
And i get a free personal training session every so often!
I was skeptical at first but dorian (the personal trainer) was very impressive.
He challenged me to look outside the box even though i have background in personal training and nutrition.
The only thing holding me back from giving 5 stars is that the gym could really use some deep cleaning/remodeling.
Overall, i'm very happy with my purchase and i've been inspired to go to gym almost every day.
Smaller than the other gyms.
I will admit, the staff training needs work.
I have not worked with a trainer there so i cannot say how that interaction is.
The best gym in the city!
I have continued to show up and it has altered my perspective on myself as well as my fitness level.
I was already familiar with one of the instructor, moses, from a previous gym.
Dorian trained me on saturday; my first time with a trainer, what a great experience!
I was sore for days and am super grateful for his insight and broad knowledge of strength training.
This gym is so comfortable ans relaxed.
It's worth the burn and the trainers rock.
It's literally group personal training!
I would highly recommend if you are looking for a new gym!
All the trainers are knowledgeable!
You feel like you are getting a personal training session in a group class.
@quinterogolf i was showing a friend around my gym yesterday.
When you take in all the great things at lifetime fitness, it is awesome.
So i'm used to 24 hour fitnesses in sf, which means a much different gym-ing experience.
The gym itself was spacious with tons of machines, and a decent sized class room.
Honestly, i could care less about looking good at the gym, but i guess that's just scottsdale?
I had my free personal training session today with josh and fully enjoyed the tough but refreshing workout.
I am so glad i found angie white ,the trainer at la fitness.
This review is for the gym.
Small weight room attached to the side.
I love lifetime fitness in general.
I have been a member of other fitness clubs in town and i love this location.
Completely obsessed and love the trainers!!
The interval training still helps with distance running.
Cardio is not enough.
I love the strength & weight portion because before this class i was totally lost in a gym.
The trainers will modify anything to fit your needs.
It is unlike any other fitness class, anyone can come here and fit in.
All sizes, shapes, ages and fitness levels.
I would recommend this to anyone from crazed fitness lovers to my grandpa
This gym hasn't applied a  super amount of pressure on making sure you must buy everything there is to offer.
They  offer a gym for people that have all hours of time (as in, shift workers, and the like).
They offer a gym for people that just need a gym with the basics.
Better than a regular gym!
Provides outstanding trainers who are all energetic.
It's a great overall workout for strength, stamina, and cardiovascular health!
I've been an avid gym guy but this workout has given me great results and each session is different!
I go to shawn's core cross training class every tuesday, and every tuesday it kicks my butt!
Since my last review the trainers have started cleaning up after them selves.
Overall, a really nice gym.
Oh i go 5-6 days a week and always with a trainer.
They have so many different classes and trainers to work with.
Look at my other posts, i'm a serious fitness enthusiast.
Gym is clean and equipment solid.
Great gym and even better trainers.
I typically feel like trainers just want your money but in this case i actually feel like they care.
Great if you want your child to really learn gymnastics!
A real gym in an industrial park with top notch instructors.
Lots of weights + machines, good hours, and kind staff.
In this era of big box gyms, it is nice to find a gym that is totally unique.
Blakele was the lead trainer for the class.
Personal training at it's finest!!
Rich is educated, knowledgeable, and has a training method that gets results!
He also has an excellent rapport with clients and tailors your training to help you reach your individual goals!
I felt heard, respected, and valued when training with him!
I am proud and grateful to say that i have trained with the best!
I won't go to any other gym.
Highly recommend this gym!
I had signed up for so many gym memberships before and never went.
Great trainers and amazing atmosphere!
I especially like that fact that all of their trainers have a degree rather than just some certification.
I started at this gym in nov 2017.
Gym/facilities were great but personal training - not so much.
In jan 2018, all of that changed with entire new management and trainers.
Ron is my new trainer, and he is terrific.
He has a deep knowledge of training techniques, equipment and the body, and listens.
He fashioned a program for me that avoids the pain that i was experiencing with the earlier trainers.
I like the combination of warm up, aerobic, weights and cool down.
At first you might feel like you are not losing anything but you are with inches and then the weight.
My wife and i have been training with matt for over a year now.
The trainer, isaac, was really knowledgeable and encouraging.
I trained here off and on for 2 yrs with jeff mayweather as my boxing coach.
My time spent in this gym was a valuable experience of my journey into martial arts/combat sports.
I highly recommend checking out jeff mayweather if you decide to train here.
Eos is a really awesome gym.
My personal trainer melissa is very knowledgeable and has the best energy!
I have worked on my fitness on & off with chris akard for 17 years.
If you are interested in really making a difference in your fitness and health, i couldn't recommend a better place.
You will be held accountable to your nutrition, fitness, and will get yourself in the right mindset.
How about the smell, or in this case, lack of smell, of a brand new gym?
Now, for a limited time, a completely unsullied 24 hour fitness, at the metrocenter, of all places.
If you've been to many 24 hour fitness, you'll know that this is a hugely appreciated factor.
* all in all, a great gym that i'm sure will be a welcome addition to the area.
B) i'm anticipating what the gym will be like in 6 months.
This is a very nice, family-friendly, gym.
Has everything; close to my house and trainers are the best!!!
Fitness's are free to use.
So, had my 1 hour customized training session with tyrell today!
After moving from texas where my crossfit/weight loss journey began.
I was recommended to lindsay and prowess pole fitness after trying a groupon class at a similar studio.
Know that i have danced professionally and have a 15+ career in fitness.
Prowess pole fitness is one the few places where i feel totally at home.
He's actually trained in thailand, competed in thailand, and won in thailand.
He keeps the atmosphere light when training, but pushes each individual hard.
The facility isn't as big as the more main stream schools, but it has everything needed for training.
Females need not fear for there is a good number of ladies who train.
No other place or sport has been able to motivate me enough to lose that much weight.
I'd recommend this gym.
The basketball court has been remodeled to have more circuit training equipment.
She is a definite plus and addition to this gym.
Great prices on trainers (much cheaper than la fitness and other gyms).
This was my first orangetheory fitness experience.
It was a challenging workout that was easy to scale to an individual's fitness level.
The circuit moved along at a good pace and i felt challenged and encouraged by the trainer.
There have been many times i've walked in and walked out because the gym is so stuffy and hot.
Overall, i am a happy gym go-er :)
They tailor your fitness program around your goals.
The weights and equipment are plentiful for a good workout.
The trainers are experienced and thorough and focus on good form and technique.
Gym-super nice and they have a ton of different machines for everyone.
Too many cardio equipment and not enough weigh equipment.
Everyone here seems fit, a lot of young people and trainers are jacked.
The trainers are pretty kind as well.
I splurged and got a gym membership and am trying to create the new habit of exercise.
So far, this 24-hour fitness is doing it's part!
I was excited to be there, because greatness have come out of the gym and greatness was in the gym.
The atmosphere of the gym was amazing, people were boxing.
All ladies gym makes us more comfortable to let loose and be ourselves.
It's a public gym, not a spa retreat, with moderate prices.
Did the place go down after being acquired by la fitness?
Being to tons of other gyms before i can only judge from what i see.
This is a review update of the 24 hour fitness (super sport) located in centennial.
Like all other gyms, this one gets busy during the peak hours.
My only gripe is not with the gym, but with the people that workout at this gym.
La fitness does a good job of keeping equipment in good working condition, except for,the spinning bikes.
Overall, still a c fan of bakery square la fitness.
Add this jiu jitsu gym to your "must do list"!
Middle of the road as far as la fitness locations go.
I was going to la fitness, but i was bored doing the same routine.
Yup that was my training olympic lifting on legs days and chest and biceps.
But then i realized i was starting to gain (bad) weight for the sake of getting stronger and bigger.
Next membership was at a boxing gym which was definitely a fun place to go.
This is about the time i decided to train to become a navy seal.
I missed out on core training and functional strength training.
I joined the gym and i am telling you it was the best decision i have ever made.
Here's the deal: if you have the budget, this is an amazing gym.
Then also have the only day care center in a gym that i'd actually bring my kids too.
However, as wonderful as the gym is, it's not perfect and does have some negatives about it.
However, if you like great personal trainers, classes, and so on, then i'd highly recommend this place.
It's a gym like no other and i've been a gym-goer for more than 15 years.
It's a lot more than a gym because of all the options available.
One of my favorite parts of lifetime fitness is the lifecafe.
The gym is clean, the place is never so busy that there aren't any machines or equipment available.
The trainers are all really great.
Eli and chris are great trainers, motivators, and fair guys.
I highly recommend them for your first understanding of what training will consist of.
Finally a gym i can walk into and feel at home.
Lots of class variety....supportive staff, more than reasonable fees....what more could you ask for in a gym!?
The trainers are excellent!
There are plenty of cardio equipment (i have never have to wait for a machine).
Everything you could want in a gym.
I had a great experience training at his facility for few days.
I have trained in other schools that are hostile to out-of-towners but this experience was the complete opposite.
I was dying for a gym within 10 miles of here and finally got it.
This gym opened in nov, 2008.
Definitely totally different than our usual gym cardio.
Probably the only la fitness where they keep the dbags to a minimum.
I love this gym!
I hate it ... those other gyms don't even pretend to care about me or baby!
Go to this gym for your kids sake.
This use to be my go to gym.
The gym just recently renovated.
This company trains its instructors extremely well.
I really like this gym, it's spacious, a lot of equipment, and the staff is super friendly and helpful!
However, we were looking for group fit classes and this is private and semi private personal training only.
This gym is easy to navigate and hasn't been too busy when i've gone.
This is an excellent 24hr fitness.
I am an avid fitness and exercise enthusiast with former experience in the industry.
On my first visit i met erica, one of the personal trainers.
She was very welcoming, friendly, and knowledgeable particularly regarding training programs for both figure and body building competitions.
About 4 months after my back surgery, i began to take serious the idea of going to the gym.
One time, i briefly looked into the cost of attending a crossfit gym.
Compared to my local gym membership ($22/month), it was considerably more expensive, and so i quickly dismissed it.
The variety and potential for variety keeps it fresh and works on all aspects of fitness.
By this time, you've been through the work you might do at an average gym.
If you're looking for a cheap, no frills gym, then this is the place to join.
I typically like to use the free weight section of the gym, but this is definitely the meathead hangout.
A little more spacious fitness center than tempe and ahwatukee ymca, plenty of cardio equipment.
As is standard in these gyms, only one squat rack.
You'll find the battling ropes, vipr and the trx stuff for those fitness gadget junkies out there.
The group fitness classes!
Individual technique classes are available too, all the trainers are awesome and very friendly.
This is a gym i wasn't too sure about.
Only because i hate going to the gym.
But three employees make this gym defiantly one to love going too!
Jesse is the one that showed me the gym and helped me understand it more in depth.
Much love for this gym.
You should defiantly sign up and go to this gym.
Weights are in the right place, gym is clean, people at the front are friendly.
------------------------------------------------  i have been an la fitness member since they purchased pure fitness in 2010.
While i give this gym an overall rating of 2 stars, it's not all bad.
Pros -   free weights: large set of dumbbells, wide selection of equipment with 3+ of heavily used equipment, i.e.
While the machines are life fitness they are better than home grade but not commercial quality.
-   large 2nd floor cardio area.
-   the janitorial staff keeps the gym clean, and smelling good.
Cons -   general manager, ryan linnell, is completely indifferent towards members, heck even his own gym.
-   staff does not enforce gym policy or police the gym.
From an equipment and weight perspective this leaves the gym an absolute mess.
It's hard to find things, weights are everywhere, and equipment is not cleared.
-   cardio area is on the second floor and there are no fans on the equipment, ceiling, or walls.
-   the majority of trainers at this location will actively attempt to tire out or set trainees up for failure.
They do not engage the everyday member or gym rats.
They allow people to misuse equipment or abandon weights without a word.
I truly wish that changes could be made to the staff culture at this gym.
I began working out with chris akard long before the akard fitness studio.
This was probably the late 1990s and was not limited to personal training but group fitness also.
I'm personally a member of planet fitness and i am very pleased with them.
I'd gladly choose planet fitness every time.
People like amanda, jackie, and charles make my gym experience fulfilling.
I really enjoy coming to this gym and will continue to use it due solely from the staff.
Billy and vanessa are the most friendly and helpful gym owners you could come across.
A place of genuine positivity and growth, las vegas barbell is far from your regular 'gym'.
I lost my way and wanted to get back in the swing of things with a trainer.
So i linked up with brian g at la fitness.
He is an amazing trainer.
If you are looking for a great trainer go into the location and sign up.
He knew when my body was over compensating and when we should switch weights.
He gave me a one hour consultation understanding my lifestyle, eating habits, and gym practices.
It feels great to finally work that small stuff you rarely do in the gym with free weights.
The fitness classes used to also be great when they had selection and variety.
The gym changed to only having 2 types of fitness classes which require heart rate monitors that are useless.
I have been going to this location (as well as others) since they were golds gyms.
I'm back in vancouver now and find myself missing this gym, it had everything i needed and waaay more.
Over the course of a few sessions i worked with a trainer named matthew.
Though i'd been training in kickboxing for about 6 months i'd picked up some bad habits.
Next time i'm back in montreal, however brief, i'll be sure to book a training session with him again.
Every trainer that trains here it's awesome and definitely knows what they are doing!
The trainers are incredible and i look forward to being a long time member.
The trainers and pt folks at the gym did their best, week in and week out.
I'm pain free, back at gym, working on all exercises the trainers toss my way.
Don't hesitate to try a class because you aren't in shape or if you are overweight.
I just joined mountainside fitness (mf) oat the arrowhead location with my bff.
Met with brian in the personal training dept for 1 hour consultation.
I attended my first bungee fitness class a few nights ago and had a blast!
Tough, but doable if you already have some strength & cardio.
365gym is an amazing place to workout.
Jason is an excellent trainer who has helped me to regain confidence in myself and reach every goal i set.
If your looking for a trainer and gym that can really change your life, 365gym is it!
I use la fitness esp.
Matt is an amazing trainer!
I would highly recommend him if you're looking for a top tier trainer.
Good gym, never ever packed with very many people.
I have had the pure pleasure to find a perfect trainer in my books for the past 2 years!
I joined this gym back in february.
It is a smaller gym but i've always been able to get a great workout.
I have pretty simply gym needs.
All i want is a good elliptical and some weights.
It's a gym... not a party.
The personal trainers are ok, i fell for their little deal when i first started.
They do an ok job training you, i just resented the high-pressure sales tactics in retrospect.
It's not really a personal training session, that's b.s.
This crossfit gym has allowed me to grow into a stronger and motivated young woman.
Great gym and good people!
Overall great community with serious athletes and lots of knowledge to help you with your training.
There is also a great women's strength program to help women feel comfortable in a gym environment.
The staff here is great from the trainers to the front desk people!
The gym is in good shape considering it's been around for years.
They continue to improve the gym.
There is a trx set up and lots of free weights.
Athletic training in the basketball courts on wednesday is rocking as well!
Whatever, your level of fitness you will find something here to challenge you!
I've tried so many other gyms but quit or felt too much pressure by douchebag personal trainers.
I signed up with a personal trainer, kaitlyn, and even that was affordable.
I know, personal training, affordable?
I love and would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to lose weight and get healthy!
Side note:  kaitlyn is absolutely amazing if you're looking for a personal trainer.
She is honest and sweet... not something you usually expect from a personal trainer, at least in my experience.
This gym is ridiculously clean, too.
I really love going to this la fitness on greenfield.
It's great to have the gym divided into the different areas.
Treadmills, elliptical, bikes, and stair climbers upstairs, circuit training in the "big" area, free weights towards the back.
I feel comfortable at the gym.
I've just had some issues with the administrative side of the gym.
They are all correct no real training or going through proper movements it's just go go go.
Personal trainer leonidis is an awesome trainer!
Highly recommend you go see leonidis at this la fitness!
I'm kind of a gym snob.
I've been to basically every gym all over the valley.
I'm now letting my remainder year of la fitness paid in full membership go to waste!
Trainer josh is great!
I have had many trainers over the years, and josh is one of the very best.
He is one of the only trainers i don't dread going to...instead i actually enjoy my time with him.
When i took my class, i was shy, overweight and had zero dancing experience.
The trainers are top notch and create a great experience for their clients.
I recommend this place to anyone who is thinking about making fitness a part of their routine.
This is my first crossfit box, and in fact the first crossfit gym i ever joined....before crossfit was cool!
There's no need to be apprehensive about your fitness level, the workouts scale to your ability.
Wipe the equipment when you're done, rack your weights and don't slam the weights.
Fyi if you are slamming weights then it's too heavy for you.
Massive amounts of cardio equipment.
Sean is a personal trainer who i frequently watched while  training individuals every morning in the gym.
This is very important when looking to make fast improvements both cardio, mental toughness and physique.
This gym has a great schedule of classes, and proves you can get your workout in on vacation!!
Big open space with cardio and weights.
I recently worked out at 24 hr fitness ,staff friendly , machines clean , people  are nice .
If you like smaller gyms check it out .
I'm so happy to have found the adapted gymnastics class at all star!
Some of the older gymnasts serve as mentors and assistants with the kids.
Nice gym clean and smells great.
Hopefully to watch may weather train.
The people that go to the gym are very cool, also experienced.
Their service doesn't just stop the second you leave the gym, they are your support sytem throughout the day.
Just joined this gym today.
There are no annoying meatheads walking around who think they own the gym like at lvac.
The gym is a good size and has everything you need for a workout.
I just went to the gym today.
Haven't been to gym over a year.
Very recently i had written a negative review about the aliante location personal training.
The personal training management responded immediately.
There does not seem to be much around the gym, coming from the city, this was not familiar with me.
It is one of the most complete gyms i've ever been to and is well planned and maintained.
There is an army theme going on with green camouflage prints all over the gym from equipment to walls.
You will get a feeling of space as there are high ceilings so you don't feel claustrophobic like some gyms.
This would be a great gym to train in for those in the area.
You owe it to yourself to check out this great training facility.
This la fitness is convenient and inexpensive.
Although i did not look for it..i'm pretty sure there's a sauna for weight cutting.
However, you're lucky again if you're mma gym is being taught by maybe one professional mma fighter.
And nicole was my trainer/teacher.
For every class the trainer has the group get warmed up, usually running 400m and doing some unusual stretches.
Once ready, we are given the workout and the trainer will assign reps and weight to everyone.
They realize all members are at different stages in their physical fitness and scale accordingly.
I noticed that they have 10 classes with limited enrollment for specialized training.
It is motivating and personalizes the fitness experience.
There are always free events and opportunities to get more out of your membership than just the gym.
I never thought i could love a gym this much.
I train with both personal trainers as well and have seen huge improvements.
I've been training with darren at gracie humaita cleveland for about a month now.
Shawn pushes me to reach my goals and i've maintained close to my competition weight with the continued varied programs.
Better than those 10.00 a month gyms.
The trainers are top notch and the staff does more than say "have a good workout" when you enter.
In my opinion, this is the best gym in phx.
Absolutely amazing gym and trainers!
I train with brandon and i saw results in as little as two weeks!
He makes training so much fun and you can definitely feel yourself getting stronger.
I would definitely recommend this gym!
I have been coming here for three years now and i have watched the transition from extreme fitness to goodlife.
Staff are all super chill too from the trainers to the instructors, and towel handers/ tag scanners.
The trainers are so motivating and the ladies that work out with me are so encouraging and fun.
I have gym equipment at home but never used it.
Cardio upstairs with weight training downstairs.
Next door is fitness first supplements!
Perfect set up for the every day gym person!
Don't go to this gym looking for cardio-box, that's not happening here.
I love the size of this gym.
He set me up with john for a complimentary personal training session.
He was wonderful and helped me and my husband feel right at home at our new gym.
Great gym, and great people.
I was so excited to try aerial fitness.
Can't wait to start working out here, the sauna and cardio theater sold me.
Michael and margherita and amazing trainers and will get you fit!
The gym itself is very spacious and organized, and the variety and quality of our equipment is great.
They could use a few more different kinds of free weights but its perfectly fine for me.
The staff is wonderful, the  gm quinn,  and  the  fitness manager blake especially.
I joined to use the fitness classes.
As such, i barely walk into the gym.
I just walked in the fitness centre on saturday 2 weeks ago.
I guessed the gym goers and men would love this place.
Oh, unlike *some* fitness clubs, the city of markham fitness centre has very ethical billing practice.
I really enjoy this gym!
It's clean, there is a ton of cardio equipment and the price is right.
Keep note that i mostly only go for the cardio machines.
The weight machines can fill up, but there is usually a few open.
If you're the type to slam weights they will call you out for it though with their alarm.
This gym not only does boxing, but kickboxing too.
This has to be the busiest gym i have ever been to period.
I guess the only complaint would be that there is 1 water fountain in the whole gym.
Are people actually stealing gym towels?
Been with fitness 19 for almost 3 years now.
Great training staff with experience and tons of tvs, which they will always change them for you if you ask!
Plenty of cardio machines from steppers to treadmills and machine weights for virtually every exercise.
They offer a variety of hammer strength equipment and free weight machines to give you plenty of choices as well.
I see a couple improvements in the gym today.
Some of the hammer strength and life fitness equipment are getting repair, some equipment need it improvement.
I also notice there's signs on the walls that there's no gym bags in the floor.
The club is new with lots of equipment, cardio and resistance.
Large free weight area.
Big group fitness area and a nice spinning room.
Always free machines and weights.
I was in town for a week of spring training.
I almost did not choose this gym because of the bad reviews.
I worked out 5 times that week, and loved the gym.
I love this gym.
I like this gym, been a member for over 6 yrs (signed up when it was still gold's).
The gym gets very busy after 5pm weekdays, but it starts to slow down around 7pm or so.
The cardio room has more modern machines and tv and audio is convenient.
What gym isn't a meat market?
Going to a gym is all about getting in shape and healthy...  what are you going to find?
Don't let the review scare you, it is a good gym.
Plus you get access to every other la fitness in the valley...  which is a pretty extensive coverage area.
Rene who teaches the boot camp class on wednesday's  is the best instructor/trainer!!
I'm new in town and wanted to see what gyms i liked and what made most sense for my schedule.
This is a great gym.
I love this gym.
He is hands down the best trainer i've ever had.
There are a number of machines, and free weights at your disposal, and lots of cardio equipment.
Underground fitness is a great facility for training!
I would highly recommend to anyone looking to get in shape and take control of their health and fitness!
The trainers are so motivating and the ladies that work out with me are so encouraging and fun.
I have gym equipment at home but never used it.
This place can't even compare to any other gym.
It's hands-down the largest gym i've ever seen.
Very large free weights area with about twelve bench press areas.
The gym isn't big enough to share with basketball recreation for those that like to play.
I've always heard amazing things about la fitness & finally decided to sign up.
Today i trained with edwin crockett and died (in the best way possible of course).
We worked out legs today paired with some intense cardio using the matrix treadmill.
I can't wait to continue to work with the trainers at this gym.
I really enjoy this location of la fitness.
Overall i'm definitely a fan of this gym and it has everything i would need to have a good workout.
I recommend it to everyone to join here at 24hour fitness metro
Have to say this eos is one of the nicer eos gyms in vegas not as busy and always clean.
Overall great gym to go to.
You have to understand the identity of titans gym to see if it is a good fit for you.
Titans is a no-frills gym that aims to attract serious weightlifters.
If that's what you're looking for, there is fitworks and planet fitness.
As a young man randy accomplished an astounding weight loss.
This lead him to a life time of professional training with a focus on training the whole body.
Her pole fitness experience is legit.
I've been a member of a gym for approx.
Fitness in chandler on az avenue are the members and staff.
My workouts bring me to the gym 5-6 days a week in the mornings.
But it's officially ruined me for any other gym for the rest of my life.
I am a 5am workout junkie, at the gym 6 days a week and i get ready there.
Yup, the showers are actually clean enough to use- other gyms should take note.
Really clean and all the weights are in order.
All the weights are in order.
Everyone (mostly everyone) puts their weights back.
They have a big swimming pool + hot tub, cardio area, and wide range of weights.
Professional trainers, upbeat atmosphere, great workout that's always different!
This is important to me because my car was broken into at the la fitness on northern/19th location last year.
I do like this gym, however, because it's convenient, not too crowded, and the staff is friendly and not pushy.
The strength training machines are nice and i enjoy the variety compared to the other la fitness locations.
My only complaint is the personal trainers that hound you to join a program so they can hit on you.
This is one of the nicest gyms in town.
Aside from the outdoor pool (i'm not a fan), this gym has all of the newest equipment.
I enjoy the cardio equipment with nike+ along with personal monitors.
Eos bought gold's gym in the vegas area.
The signage still says gold's gym.
What's standard for all gyms: it's always busy on monday afternoon/evening.
Some big guys are too weak to put back weights where they belong.
I love my gym.
I've been to classes at other gyms but the energy isn't the same as this location.
Cardio cinema, elliptical machines, treadmills, bikes, stairmasters, medicine balls, bosu ball, stationary bikes, weights and all sorts of equipment.
Great gym, clean, great energy, great staff.
Cardio barre is a great and fun place to work out.
I shopped around and found legacy mma fitness outstanding!
They could have more free weights and olympic plates, but they are still awesome!
My new workout gym :)
Visiting for the week and wish i can take this gym back to california.
Great group of girls and a trainer that pushes you but encourages you no matter your level of fitness.
Be very present with your current level of fitness.
I have done personal training here as well and it helped me immensely.
Top notch instruction and fitness made fun.
Nice gym the workout area is clean.
Today i had a training session with a trainer named shai.
This has been one of the best training sessions i have ever had!
If you are looking for a personal trainer and really want to see results ask for shai.
I have been to a lot of crossfit gym and this is a good one.
When i told him i was moving he helped me by recommending good gyms when i was moving to.
I would highly recommend this gym.
One trainer who stands out to me the most is malick.
There are coaches/trainers who teach, but jesse motivates.
Jesse gets individuals involved in saturday morning hikes and does personal training as well.
Idk about the other reviews but i like this club compared to the other fitness clubs.
Everyone there pretty much minds they're own business and that's what people should expect going into a gym.
Great gym for those looking to get in shape or stay in shape.
The price is right and better than the other gyms i know.
After having a membership at la fitness, i know planet fitness far exceeds them in every way.
Do not miss out on joining this gym!!
This gym is awesome!
And of course there's also weights and cardio machines, and the price for membership is reasonable.
I just had my first training appointment with josh werner.
One of the better la fitness gyms in the valley.
The four stars is strictly based upon other lafs not all gyms.
The weight section is completely separate from the cardio machines.
By far the biggest and best selection of weights and machines out of all the lafs around the valley.
Those who are knocking this gym need to check out the other lafs and see what crappy really is.
I wanted to thank joshua and the staff at la fitness.
I'm excited to start my fitness journey and actually look forward to going the gym.
I was trained by issac who was one of the best trainers i have come across.
I have worked out in no less than 10 different gyms in my life.
Spartan training is different!
Clients work with a trainer in every session, not just to get "set up" on a program.
Strength training is only one piece of the equation.
Equally important are nutritional support and cardiovascular training.
Thank you, spartan training!
This is the best 24 hour fitness in phoenix.
It was the best form of brutal cardio and i learned some new combos.
That's not the type of gym i'm interested in joining.
I've gone here mostly for personal training and it's been great!!
Exercise area is great with both free weights, hammer strength exercise machines, treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stair climbers etc.
I have never been to a gym that i love as much as this place!
This is the best place if you want to get in shape and maintain your fitness!
Come get your pole fitness on!
I've been a member of all the gyms here in town.
With health being the modern fad, they gym tends to get a bit crowded at peak hours.
This is my gym.
It has a good free weight selection, they make good shakes and i love the kid care center.
This gym is very affordable and i get a lot of bang for my buck.
Fitness 19 has everything to offer, friendly staff, great equipment and a solid atmosphere.
I was a member of 24 hr fitness for years and i was really inconsistent with working out.
Koko is so different from every other gym.
Also, the facility is super clean and feels more like spa than a gym.
Compared to some of the other la fitness clubs this one rocks, was very impressed.
I went to train with big mark and i had a great experience!
I joined la fitness in october 2012 after moving from the east coast.
My fitness had been sidelined following a car accident so the weight had piled on.
My criteria: i wanted use of an arc trainer nearby.
There is no way harold, the director of personal training, would ever allow that to fly.
I say that as i've met so many of them - even though they're not training me!
(gerard is my trainer.
Going to the gym is actually a fun thing here when everyone is so friendly.
And no longer carry the weenie weights of shame.
It's easily one of the best gyms in vegas.
No stupid rules like lvac, no 2 year commitment, the workers and trainers make you feel more welcomed than anything.
They seem to care a whole lot more than other gyms, and they're nowhere near as crowded.
10/10 recommend this gym.
I like going to this gym when its not as busy, around noon to 2pm.
I have been using dallas to help me with my physical training and he has been great.
I am not sure why everyone here is not having a good experience here but i really enjoy the gym.
If you are thinking of trying crossfit check this gym out.
Marco constantly inspires you to work your hardest in this kickbox cardio class.
I basically venture from different la fitnesses to find the best teachers!
I have been at every type of gym imaginable, in home/online workouts, personal training, you name it.
If you are looking to loose weight and have a great team around you, thats the place to be.
Friendly staff amazing coach that is willing to listen and give you great advise about health and fitness.
I would highly recommend joining anytime fitness midvale.
It is just big enough for functional training and weight lifting but small enough where it doesn't feel crammed.
However i accidentally stumbled into the cardioflow class again yesterday and and am reminded how much i hate that class.
I think kettlebells are some of the best free weights and this class kicks my ass.
Cardioflex - booooo i hate this class.
Kickboxing - i used to work out at a boxing gym and i really loved it.
I like the gym, generally pretty clean and layout is nice.
I do however wish that they had more selection in terms of free weights.
My old la fitness had dumbbells that went up in 2.5 pound increments.
That evening josh a trainer at la, text me to  receive my free personal training for my first time visit.
Josh, was an amazing trainer!
When i arrived, i had never taken a lick of martial arts training and was grossly out of shape.
I'll soon be competing in the expert division after only 3 years of training.
Bcf teaches you how to fight trained fighters and how to compete.
Joined a nearby parks and recreation gym.
Now i'm back to la fitness.
The gym section is nice, with plenty of machines and weights.
The spin class in the morning is awesome...loads of sweating and a great cardio workout.
She forgot the key once and the gym didn't open until after 7am.
Lastly, often the weights are strewn all over the gym.
But i guess that happens at all gyms.
Anyway, decent gym, reasonable rates (30/month) and it's only 3 minutes from our house.
I'm a perpetual beginner when it comes to fitness.
I found crossfit focus via a google search when looking for gyms near my office in carnegie.
Hands down this is the best crossfit gym i've been to for beginners like me.
Ps:  it's also the cleanest gym i've ever been to.
Jeremy is a great trainer with lots of energy, he will keep you moving.
Thank you prowess pole fitness, cedric, and lindsay!!!
This is my favorite gym in the history of gyms!
You will be challenged and have fun and make friends in this little fitness community.
You see trainers come and go.
Ethan is an exceptional strength and fitness coach.
Thank you eb for the years of training, coaching and mentoring for my son.
The basement is where the locker rooms and the weights are.
This gym reminds me more of a la fitness/24 hour fitness type vibe than a real lifters gym.
Great coaches, fun atmosphere and there are so many fitness options just within the studio.
Wide variety of cardio machines, classes.
No pressure for personal training.
If you're a serious weightlifter and can't stop watching and flexing in-front of mirror you won't like this place.
But avid health conscious and easy going individuals will take pleasure in their fitness classes.
I have gone to several different gyms as i am a gym princess and this is one of my favorites.
Although, i would suggest coming at an off time if you do mostly cardio.
Their staff not only trainers but management is welcoming as i've had good conversation with everyone i've come across.
I have been a member of several local gyms including lifetime fitness, la fitness, etc.
You don't have meatheads grunting on the weight machines or soccer moms chatting it up everywhere.
Everyone was friendly, the trainers are knowledgeable, and encouraging.
Usually not a yelp review for a gym but this place hospitality was amazing.
All the trainers , specifically jacob, were very knowledgeable and encouraging.
If your looking to achieve your fitness goals, give this place a try.
I love triplex training!
Great gym for all levels.
I love the group classes but they also offer personal training if that's what you're looking for.
If you are looking for changes or a place that offers options i would definitely come check out purebody fitness.
Since everything is based off body weight you get to work muscles you might not usually do with just lifting.
I wasnt expecting to be as tired as i was considering it is mostly body weight.
The gym is pretty small but definitely has the nicest trainers of the multiple locations i've been to in toronto.
I never got to use it because during the hours i had available the gym was always full.
This year in may i decided to go try it again but decided on a trainer.
The first trainer was only around for my introduction he wasnt there long.
There are tons of gyms and trainers in phoenix.
La fitness offers one of the best atomspheres and trainers.
I accepted the 20 lbs weight-loss challenge.
Trainers, staff and members are supportive in the journey.
This is the best gym in town without a doubt.
Everything from the facilities, to the trainers, to the workouts, to the price is awesome.
I tested out 4 or 5 other boxing gyms before i became a member of this one.
Apart from the great exercise, the trainers treat you like family.
This is my favorite gym to come to and the biggest out of all eos gyms.
I love how the gym is 24/7.
It's small compared to the sauna in 24 fitness on craig & clayton.
I've never been to a gym with such a slippery floor.
I love the difference in weights & workout equipment & how their second floor is cardio.
Great gym to workout at if you need any suggestions.
Back2life fitness provides personal training, boot camps, and nutrition counseling.
Although the space isn't very big, it works out if you want your own personal space for training.
Visiting here from the us and after reading the reviews chose this goodlife fitness location in downtown toronto.
This is a great facility with plenty of free weights, machines and cardio equipment.
Lisa and andrea are awesome trainers!
Since starting, crossfit has shattered my concept of training and fitness in an incredibly positive way.
When was the last time you went to dinner with friends you met at the gym?
Or maybe the cake is fitness...
Yes, i belong to this gym so i am biased, somewhat.
But i love this gym.
The variety they have with equipment, weights, cardio options (treadmill, elliptical, plenty of pools, etc).
I've found going around 8:30pm is great for me because it is pretty dead in the gym.
Whether training for an ironman race or just want to get in shape this is the place.
Some of the pictures on this website posted by la fitness are not accurate.
My weight was getting out of control, and even my scrubs weren't being forgiving about it.
Only you can make the weight come off!
I  have been join this gym since a year ago..i love all the classes.
The gym is always clean.
The gym is really big so there is still enough equipment for everyone to use.
Since the gym is only a few years old, all the equipment still are in good condition.
Overall, not a bad gym in the area.
Cardio funk is my fave!
I had been going to pure fitness on northern for awhile but got sick of the constant pushy sales tactics.
Like most gyms take your time to understand what the contract is and get it all in writing.
I just moved to phoenix and was looking for a gym.
It sometimes feels like you have a personal trainer, rather than a group class.
* ape index rock climbing gym offers a safe, controlled environment to practice.
* the staff is thorough in both the climbing and belaying training.
Probably the most amazing gym i've ever seen.
I am a reverse snowbird and join a gym in phoenix during winter only.
I had been wondered if mountainside fitness is avaiable for a monthly base membership.
One day i finally opened the door and talked to evan weinkle, a member service representative at carefree mountainside fitness.
English is my second language, and also i was not familiar with a gym membership system.
Jsf is by far the most beneficial fitness group i've been a part of and i'm out of town.
Decided to skip the hotel gym and try the kickboxing class with coach tim lane.
It was the highlight of my vegas vacation to train with tim and meet randy and ryan couture.
If only i lived in las vegas, i would definitely come to this gym.
Highly recommend this gym!
This gym is huuuuge.
I love their program and trainers.
If your feeling stuck with your weight..the camp can and will help!
Got a knee injury in the marines luckily they got a lap pool for good cardio.
Gym areas are always clean ... love the zumba classes!!!
Anyone who says anything remotely negative has obviously never trained here.
With the recent expansion doubling the size of the gym, there really is no place i would rather train.
I am incredibly lucky to train here with world-class coaches and fighters.
Extensive cardio section complete with tv's on pretty much every single machine.
The final attribute which i think deserves kudos is the amount of group fitness classes they offer.
It's really too bad there's such inconsistency with classes and equipment with la fitness as a whole though.
My kids want to go to the gym.
Jabz is such a welcome change to my fitness routine!
We incorporate kicks and punching daily, regardless of workout, and we get that cardio in, too!
You get to know each other and receive lots of feedback from the trainers.
Speaking of trainers, jeremy and kylie are wonderful!
I'm 45 yrs old and before i started i never did any fitness and now it's changed my life.
At amenzone it's like have your own personal trainer in a group class.
By far an amazing fitness community.
The trainers and staff at this orange theory fitness really helped me get back into shape at an affordable price!
Fitwall helped me redefine fitness.
Every session is well designed to ensure you are working on strength, cardio and flexibility.
Each class gives me the feeling that i am working with a personal trainer on a daily basis.
I've read a few reviews complaining about price... well, if you want a cheap gym go somewhere else!!
I love the weight room and sauna.
This gym has great staff, it's clean and has an open floor plan and feel.
This location is really nice, clean, and the cardio machines are all in working order.
One of the best gyms in the valley.
No wait time for weights or cardio machines, even during peak times!
Brandon and his team are very knowledgeable about fitness.
Best gym in town
I met mike jones in the fall and was thoroughly impressed; he is a great example for a fitness studio.
The bikes are from the former gym core balance studio that closed.
The unlimited would be too much for me, based on my location and other gym memberships.
Fitwall allows those in the beginner stages of fitness to test the waters with their 30 day fat loss challenge.
Overall it was a good gym atmosphere.
I just signed up for a membership at this la fitness location.
With my sign up, they offered me a personal training session.
I was nervous to go because i have never worked with a personal trainer before, but i thought, "why not?"
No judgement at this gym!
I tried several gyms in the summerlin/las vegas area, and summerlin crossfit was by far the best for me.
I'm hooked, and look forward to going to the gym every chance i get.
Love that kiddos can workout at age 8 vs 13 at my old gym.
For real heavy usage, go to fitness source, etc....
Multi-trainer, pulley systems, racks, cages are a bit rickety, thinner metal and supports, but again a lot cheaper.
I recently started going to this fitness and i really enjoyed everybody is very friendly and kind.
Thank you for the great service that i am getting at this fitness
Unlike most gyms, they aren't out to latch on to you and hit you with a membership black hole.
In addition, i was able to use the gym as an integral part of my health and lifestyle transportation.
Danny is a great trainer and keeps me in check.
For me, this gym serves it purpose.
I don't place any blame on the gym itself (they were very cooperative when it happened).
I live pretty close to this gym so it is the one that i frequent on a regular basis.
Put on a smile and welcome your customers just like the rest of the other 24 hour fitness locations.
I've been training with matt for about 2 years.
My 90-lb weight loss is proof that matt knows what he's doing!
Naturally anyone carrying a little extra weight it will spark some curiosity.
The trainers recommend a plant-strong diet and encourage all participants to log their workouts.
The trainers are always helpful when it comes to finding an alternate exercise.
The trainers and members at monkey bar are very friendly.
I've now tried a couple different locations and mccormick ranch is by far my favorite ot gym.
Tom and josh are my two favorite trainers.
We were enrolled with golds gym before and had second thoughts about going back now that it became eos.
The only concern i have is their trainers!
Other than that i love the gym.
Fitwall is a must if you are serious about getting your fitness back :-)
Sabrina hill is an outstanding trainer at la fitness located on priest drive in tempe.
I strongly recommend this dedicated trainer to anyone who wants to get their life back on track!!
This is the most amazing gym i have ever joined.
I feel at home walking in to this gym and it has changed my life completely.
Jake shetler is the best trainer i've ever worked with at a fitness club.
We are now working on rebuilding the muscle and a fitness plan.
Just finished an awesome workout at la fitness with the personal trainer josh!
Definitely love this gym.
Great gym located only a block from me.
They help you learn the correct way to lift weights, etc.
A little bit of gloves on boxing bags and basic floor work including burpees, skipping, and weights.
This gym is located in a business area down some backstreets.
It's a small unit with a gym in it, no cardio equipment.
Amanda is my trainer at transform scottsdale.
I had the pleasure of training with personal trainer erica demetriou.
She shows that she really cares about helping you reach your weight loss goals!
I am looking forward to training with her again!
Best gym ever, hands down!
I've tried out a couple other locations but this is by far the hardest and best high-energy gym ever.
Loving this gym so far (after not having gone for *coughs* years).
Other than that, it's the best gym around.
The best part is not matter what you fitness level is - you will be challenged!
Best results and the most fun i have ever had training!
I love how she mixes it up with boxing training and also cardio/weight circuits!
Such an amazing gym!!!
Small functional fitness area just off the bottom of the stairs with a few punching bags, ropes, etc.
On the opposite side was a very open and spacious weight room with tons of different toys to play with!
Pros: this is a lifters gym, not some fancy prancy "fitness club" like la fitness.
Even with the con's i still like the gym.
Friendly trainers and i'm able to go when it's not crowded.
Great gym for those who want a hard workout or learn the techniques.
I really love a gym with a great steam room and sauna and this place has just that.
Great free weights and machine areas and a ton of cardio equipment.
I hate how they try to consistently up sell personal training when i'm already paying so much each month.
Overall one of the nicer gyms in north scottsdale
I like this gym.
I always drive from mesa,az to this gym because i like the layout and the people.
He is also training me for my first iron man.
I am also there with ryan my trainer three days a week.
They are all very into fitness and know that i am too from my high intensity workouts with ryan.
They have one group fitness room and a good selection of classes.
There are people of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels.
The trainers here are amazing and the work outs are great!
Push 40 fitness has a unique modern style that energizes you as soon as you walk in.
It's been about 4 years since i have been in a gym so i was a bit apprehensive.
I never imagined going to the gym after working 10 hours would be so much fun!
People are going to a $10 gym with $60 gym expectations.
The kids gym staff are probably the best part.
They are so professional and well trained.
This staff runs this facility like a world class gym, where memberships would be four times the price.
I've been at fitness works for about a year and a half now and i've never once had a complaint.
The classes are awesome, the staff are super friendly and always helpful, and the gym overall is clean.
He's really the go-to guy when you're really trying to break down and accomplish your fitness goals.
I've also taken personal training with nico who really knows his stuff.
But other than that, i've really enjoyed being a member of this gym!
Steve is an excellent coach that is constantly motivating me to push myself to achieve my fitness goals.
This is by far my favorite location of la fitness.
The staff are real welcoming and the fitness instructors are awesome especially josh (joshua werner).
I highly recommend him for a fitness instructor.
I used to go the gym and get super overwhelmed by not knowing what to do or where to start.
Even the head trainer, ryne, made sure to introduce himself.
Ryne and becky are amazing trainers, they genuinely care about the success of each and every one of you.
This location of anytime fitness is a bit larger than the sherman rd.
I'm going to the gym to walk on the treadmill for goodness sake!
This is absolutely the most well rounded fitness/ nutrition routine i think you'll find!
It's not just about losing weight, it's about being a healthier version of you.
Hands down the best gym i have ever been to.
I liked that their service is to go the extra step to make their guest feel wanted at this gym.
Couldn't be more satisfied with this gym and their customer service!
My new fav gym.
Fitness staff is very friendly and helpful.
I have been training with lisa for a few years now and am loving the experience.
Thank you drew an la fitness for you excellent customer service!
I bought my weight plates and barbell from more reputable brands like york and rogue fitness.
She'll no doubt go far beyond to make sure you're satisfied with your gym experience!
Almost every day of the week he offers some kind of training.
Best eos fitness in las vegas.
I have been to other good life gyms, and this location is the best good life that i have seen.
This was a big issue for me in previous gyms (and other good life locations).
The gym is always clean, seems that any repairs that are needed, are completed quickly.
I know la fitness is opening a location very close to this gym.
I will not be moving over to la fitness as i am very happy with good life, and this location.
I am rambling... good clean gym with good equipment, and good staff.
If your looking for your forever gym this place it is!
I had been working out with a trainer for two years but wasn't achieving my fitness goals.
The trainers are all high energy and push you to achieve more!
Angie is far and above the best trainer i have ever worked with.
Angie is the reason i stay at this gym.
Safety is also important, they train and go over things before you go to the wall.
It's the largest mma gym in las vegas (i checked out the others) and the staff is great.
I used to dread going to the gym and now, i have to force myself to take a rest day!
I'm usually pretty intimidated when starting a new gym but the staff here was amazing!!
I definitely recommend this gym to anyone and everyone.
A nice amount of treadmills and cardio machines too.
Inside this gym boxers from various nations trained together as a team.
These athletes trained with focus.
As one trainer stated.
"when you train at this gym, you become part of a family."
I've worked one on one with personal trainers before and haven't gotten better attention or results with them.
Tom is my favorite trainer and his energy is amazing!
This is a great gym.
The trains so great and helpful.
I went shopping for gyms close to work and close to home.
La fitness had too many people there to b.s.
Over all a good gym.
Even on other days this is the busiest gym i've ever been a member of.
Brandon and his team are very knowledgeable about fitness.
Best gym in town another ab and cardio day at sweatzone.
Another 1000 calories burned with the polar app and polar fitness band
There is a yoga studio, change rooms, cardio machines, massage room and training area on the second floor.
The bottom floor has the group class studio, weights equipment, and more lockers.
If you've tried other fitness programs and been disappointed, check out jeremy's classes.
I love fitness works!
They have a ridiculous amount of equipment, lots of classes, and super helpful personal trainers.
She'll no doubt go far beyond to make sure you're satisfied with your gym experience!
I've been very impressed and will be staying at jeremy scott fitness.
I was originally referred to her to train for and compete in bikini competitions.
Nice gym, former 24 hour/the q location so a bit of older equipment but not too bad.
The staff is very friendly and the fitness classes are great!
This is a great gym if you're serious about getting stronger and increasing your physical performance.
I usually attend the les mills classes and my kids get to go to the kids gym.
Every single staff member i've had contact with has been very friendly - including the kids gym workers.
My kids enjoy playing in the kids gym as well.
If your daughter is serious about gymnastics, this is the gym for you!
It has been fun watching her progress through skills at a faster rate then her previous gym!
I have lived in phoenix long enough to see more than a few gyms come and go.
I am inclined to thins la fitness is going to last.
This gym is truly amazing.
This gym is large and they have many group fitness rooms.
I cannot wait to see the progress in my own body for weight loss and muscle toning.
This has quickly become my favorite gym in scottsdale.
On top of this, i have signed up for personal training and i could not be happier with the purchase.
While there are many trainers who are extremely qualified, my favorite has to be kelly.
I always feel comfortable with the sessions and the training i'm receiving.
Overall, i am completely satisfied with my training and this is as a result of working with kelly.
Thank you kelly for being fantastic and thank you la fitness for hiring such a great trainer!
Pretty cool retro gym
At least twice the size of any other la fitness i see.
There's a huge cardio area, equally large weight area, there's multiple racquetball courts, basketball court and a lap pool.
I've been with la since approx 05-06' when they bought pure fitness.
It's a good gym that has the things you need if you just want to workout (weights, machines, treadmills, elypticals).
I love this gym.
But other than that, i can always find a cardio machine, and a tv to watch, while i work out.
It is the perfect combination of cardio, strength, interval training, group fitness, personal training and crossfit.
Every day is different and the trainers are no joke.
I have been going to fitness connection for years.
I completed the 7 pass on line for gold's gym.
I had to go to gym in order for the pass to be activated.
The staff gave me 7 day pass, but they didn't give me a tour of the gym...wow!!!
Between 2 pm and 6 pm the gym isn't crowded, which i like.
The gym was kind of warm.
I was sold on this gym as soon as i walked in and saw the ipod plugs on the elliptical.
Oh, and strangely enough, a lot of the free weights go missing.
I've been searching for a gym to call home for a long time now.
This was the gym that made the difference.
Good for all fitness levels.
Although we previously considered sending him to camp at our gym (life time) , we're happy we chose this!
This gym is a great gym.
I have other gym memberships else where but i must say i love this gym.
I must say the fitness classes they have availble has gotten less through these tough economic times.
They hae two week passes you can try if your curious about the gym..
I love how the gym is 24/7.
It's small compared to the sauna in 24 fitness on craig & clayton.
I've never been to a gym with such a slippery floor.
I love the difference in weights & workout equipment & how their second floor is cardio.
Great gym to workout at if you need any suggestions.
Then  after the first week i lost 8lbs, i wrote it off to oh that was just water weight.
The trainers at the camp are there to help invest into your success.
Danny is a cardio taskmaster.
The people in the class from the trainers, mentors, and other participants y'all feed off each other.
I absolutely love this gym!
The trainers are so supportive and nice.
I've tried different gyms and this has stuck with me.
I had been going to la fitness locations in seattle and cancelled my membership when i moved down here.
Ryan is an awesome trainer - i have a really great experience in his classes.
Ryan is a very effective trainer.
No rookie to fitness and working out.
The gym itself is clean.
The gym is very clean and the people who go there are very nice.
Then  after the first week i lost 8lbs, i wrote it off to oh that was just water weight.
The trainers at the camp are there to help invest into your success.
Danny is a cardio taskmaster.
The people in the class from the trainers, mentors, and other participants y'all feed off each other.
I miss it, but my friend droe referred me to world gym.
I wish their cardio area was bigger and had some newer bikes, but it works out ok.
Such great energy from all the trainers.
I have some neck issues and the trainers always graciously accommodate any needed modifications in the weight room.
He uses a lot of body weight exercises (i can finally do pull ups!)
I highly recommend the grayhawk underground fitness.
I've been working out at gold's gym the last two years and i'm just really happy.
Trainers are helpful and friendly, even the front desk guys are quite cool!
I just wish they had a very nice cardio workout class, they are lacking of a good one.
I definitely recommend this gym for people of all ages and fitness levels.
Lifetime fitness has been my home gym since 2014.
I can/have spent the entire day in this mall-like gym.
The weights area has all different types of machines, free weights, and squat racks for powerlifting.
Most of the cardio machines have tvs.
Swim lessons and personal trainers are offered but cost extra.
This is the epiphany of a luxury gym and you're definitely paying for this.
If you are looking to loose weight and have a great team around you, thats the place to be.
Friendly staff amazing coach that is willing to listen and give you great advise about health and fitness.
I recently joined wynn fitness richmond hill location  it's very clean and i love the classes they have.
It was a weight check day on monday, the most awaiting day to see our first week results.
Every year i wished to lose my weight but couldn't able to make it how hard you try in gym.
I really can't say enough good things about my trainers, they are amazing and kept an eye on each person.
I don't know what it is with women and washrooms at goodlife gyms.
The gym's layout is simple enough.
Good selection of weight machines (standard and advanced - well, advanced for my level).
My only suggestions would be to invest in new weights and that the towels have a very chemical smell.
Along with tons of other world famous trainers to get you where you need to be.
I use to train at "the hit factory"on paradise... then "johnny tocccos" on charleston.
But this is where i belong and i'm proud to call this gym my home.
I wouldn't go to another boxing gym for any other reason.
You train here, you train with the best.
This is my gym and i love it.
I would love to meet my fellow yelpers who also loves this gym.
The energy here is very motivating and the gym itself is very well maintained.
I train with one of their personal trainers, jd sanders, he is extremely knowledgeable and has a positive mentality.
I've seen huge transformations with myself in the two short months i've been training with him!
This gym is such a positive atmosphere and makes you actually want to get up and go.
I've been to plenty of pools: fitness clubs, country clubs, resorts, community centers, ymcas, etc.
Attended a water fitness class on a weeknight which was great fun.
This is the best 24hr fitness in lv, and yes i've been to all of them.
The employees rerack the weights when needed, keep the towels stocked, greet you upon arrival and exit.
Overall, this is a must go-to gym!
Completed my 6 week challenge and could not be happier with this gym and all the amazing coaches.
Crossfit new you is by far the best gym in las vegas.
Before moving to phoenix, i had taken pole fitness classes in charleston, sc for almost 3 years.
At that point, pole fitness had not only become a fun workout and part-time job (yay instructing!
Enter: prowess pole fitness!
I could train under lindsay green!!!
Such a wonderful place and excellent trainers.
I'm so thrilled about finding a great place to kickstart my fitness goals.
Shawn is an amazing personal trainer.
The best trainer i have ever worked with.
When i'm at my place in tempe (weekdays) i hit this gym.
The group fitness instructors are excellent making the classes fun.
I really enjoy this gym and am extremely happy we walked in to check it out.
A great variety of well taken care of machines and other equipment that you don't find at ordinary gyms.
Overall, a great gym to go to and well priced in comparison to other gyms.
I've gained more here, both physically and mentally, than i have at any other gym.
I've only been going for 3 months but i can't imagine working out at a regular gym again ever.
This gym has a nice set up and is kept clean.
Shawn has been nothing but professional since i hired him as a trainer.
From what i've seen this golds gym is very clean and well kept.
It's a comfortable gym and i like how the cardio is separated from the machines and free weights.
They have a very nice studio as well as tanning and a separated cardio cinema.
I'd recommend this gym to everybody that's serious about lifting and most beginners.
There are tons of fitness classes, and i've loved everyone i've tried so far.
I was going to the gym but not getting the results like i am here.
The trainers are phenomenal here.
Highly recommend the training staff here.
Natalie is my current trainer and she is incredible!
You really can't go wrong with any if the trainers.
The gym itself is tiny but you can still get a great workout.
There is a full cardio and weight area before heading back to the spa.
I've only done crossfit for 3 months and i was pretty nervous about going to another gym.
I have been to quite a few good life gyms within the city and this is my favourite location.
Literally my favorite gym and place to be!
I do personal training with taylor and erin then take a few of the other classes offered in the evenings.
The gym is always clean with great music bumping to keep your energy high.
Best gym and workout ever!
Great gym space...perfect for all types (hard core gymers, first timers, all else).
The gym timings are awesome (open till midnight) and the staff is super friendly
I just recently signed up for eos but was a member of the gym prior to their move in.
I do it a lot at another gym.
We used noodles and weights, and he kept it fun by having us do all sorts of interesting exercises.
I looked at several gyms in the downtown area before choosing titans.
Weight area is large with plenty of weights and a variety of machines.
Many options in the cardio room which has high ceilings and windows, giving it a nice open feel.
Once i realized i was gaining more weight (thanks, my thirties!)
My sister told me about this gym and i went with her for a trial.
Our trainer, chris roman is a beast.
The biggest thing that i like about this gym, is the fact that it is 24/7.
Liberty performance is an awesome place to train.
I met rich nearly a year ago, just by walking into the gym.
All walks of life are welcome at this gym and i encourage anyone to check it out.
My fitness levels have increased greatly since switching to here.
The club continues to grow, adds more classes and is the best place for fitness in town.
Very professional, assertive training!
Very expensive but is above and beyond any gym in phoenix including lifetime fitness in my opinion.
I do not like the crowd in most gyms.
I never hear anyone cursing or being loud or obnoxious like i do at other gyms.
This is above and beyond any other gym in az.
The gym is quite spacious and has a variety of equipment; enough to get your workout needs in i promise!
There are several stations located throughout the gym for the sanitary sprays and paper towels which is nice and convenient.
Now a few cons for this gym in my opinion: 1.
+ whatever weight you add on.
This is a great gym.
They have equipment here i have never seen at any other gym.
The head trainer jeremy is the most knowledgeable trainer i have ever met.
Try this gym out, you wont regret it!
Jeremy scott is the real deal in fitness training.
I have tried different gyms and fitness classes  but with body tech you see results!
They inspired me to believe that any fitness goal is reachable with their support, knowledge, and dedication.
I love how it hits cardio and strength training and how i can already see results.
A lot of people might have the goal to lose weight...
Of all the l.a. fitnesses i've been to, i like this one the best.
He is a very talented and very well trained massage therapist.
Equipment sort of jammed in at odd angles (in the large weight/cardio room) but its good stuff.
Not sure the purpose of two weight rooms.
Fitness works is great!
I am an avid gym member and attend weekly.
My trainer dallas andrews is amazing.
I would recommend this gym to anyone and everyone!
As a new mom, i am so thankful for the child care center within the gym.
I appreciate being able to get back to the gym as i love lifting weights.
The coaches sometimes even added weight to the exercise.
If you need a boost or to maintain your fitness goals i highly recommend going to fitwall!!
Like the other reviewer stated, this gym is state of the art.
Great gym in a quaint neighborhood.
Every time i go into this gym everyone who works there is extremely nice and helpful.
The hour goes by so fast and before you know it you have both cardio and weight training done.
I love this gym.
I used to go to the gym and really never felt like i was pushing myself.
I've been going to ot for over a year now and quit the gym because i've really seen results.
The trainers are so great.
It's almost like having a personal trainer.
Cyc fitness is an incredible high octane place to work out.
This is a solid climbing gym on the west side.
It seems all the local rock gyms don't open until 3pm, this one included.
The gym seems pretty new and they definitely had lots of routes up.
Joined the gym a week ago and was promptly scheduled a private training session.
The staff are friendly and the personal trainers are approachable.
Wynn fitness has since apologized and corrected their issues.
The gym deserves a 4/5 prior to this fiasco.
Had a great personal training session with josh.
This is by far the best gym you will ever find!
They can run a class yet provide personalized training individually to each member.
I have worked out at many gyms and on my own, but never have been challenged more than here.
All the trainers are fabulous and the members are way cool.
This goodlife location is a hidden gym within davisville.
Cardio section is packed with 2 rows of treadmills and olipticals.
But i guess the shorter hours keeps with gym in better shape than the 24 joints.
I switched to it (from a different 24 hour fitness) because the staff at this location are friendly and knowledgeable.
The free weight section has enough weights, but not enough stations.
I only have great things to say about this "gym", it's customer service and the environment!
Having always been intimidated by a traditional gym, this is the perfect workout for someone like me.
Less travel time to get to the gym is always good news.
Free tanning, massage chair and free shirt and gym bag.
A fair amount of new cardio and weight machines.
Fair amount of free weights with dumbbells ranging from 5-75 pounds.
Owned by goodlife fitness.
It's really good value price wise especially when you compare the price to some other gyms.
I went to check out la fitness because it was the closest well known gym to my house.
The gym is very clean and they have some great amenities.
I would definitely recommend joining this gym and try out a session with josh too!
Very professional, assertive training!
I love love love my gym!
Adam the gym manager is very nice and very helpful with anything you may need.
But the combination of music and cycling makes me look forward to attending classes at cyc fitness.
Your first class is free, so i would definitely give cyc fitness a try.
It's true - this is not a mega-gym social club.
What it is, however, is a clean, effective, convenient and personal gym.
It has all the equipment a person needs to get fit and/or maintain their fitness.
There are friendly and helpful trainers there during the week who are always willing to offer assistance.
An additional note - i am a very overweight woman and i felt very intimidated to join any gym.
I was apprehensive of judgement or attitude from members and staff of a fitness club.
What i found here at ann road express fitness was the complete opposite.
The gym itself is being improved and my life is as well.
I am so happy to report back that this gym is still everything i wanted and more.
I receive excellent guidance not just from my personal trainer but from several other trainers who are frequently there.
My trainer keeps me motivated.
I'm doing boxing training now and love every butt-kicking minute of it.
50lbs lost and wouldn't trade this gym for anything.
***edit jan 1 2016 - it's been 8 months since i joined up at ann road express fitness.
The facility has everything and more one would want from a gym.
I like the aqua fitness, especially during the spring and summer when they hold classes outside.
Raneem is a great trainer!
I have a lot of weight-training, circuit training and sports experience, and i can say she knows her stuff.
This gym is awesome.
I recommend giving the gym a try for anyone that doesn't have a gym home.
Costumer server is great the maintenance department always has a gym looking on point
This is probably my favorite anytime fitness because of the amazing staff.
Shannon, lucas, and the rest of the trainers really are looking out for your best interests.
I highly recommend this gym if you live in the area!
I recommend chris akard for all fitness levels, ages, conditions, etc.
The cardio fusion style on the reformers are amazing.
All the weights you could need to build or break down.
Also offers more than just free weights.
I was pleasantly surprised by the gym itself.
Why you need big chains as la fitness, etc?
Review update  i usually write a gym review as my first review of the year.
This gym has a lot of broken machines and cardio equipment.
My advice...screw the machines and hit the free weights.
This gym has everything that i need in order to get a good workout.
I had over 500 sessions at this gym and honestly can say that i love this gym.
Tip:  avoid this gym between 5 pm and 9 pm on the weekdays.
Anytime fitness is fairly economical in comparison to other options within the area.
Having access to all the other anytime fitness branches is a huge plus as well.
People with budgetary concerns might be tempted to go someplace even cheaper, such as planet fitness.
Also, unlike planet fitness, they don't have these ridiculous policies  that will only hinder one's progress.
(google "the planet fitness nightmare" to see what i mean.)
I personally like planet fitness.
That said, i've been in some lousy gyms and in some really nice ones.
Now, all planet fitness gyms are pretty much the same but the difference is cleanliness and staff.
Pretty much the feel from the gym and everyone who trained there kept me interested.
If your looking to lose weight or work harder to compete this is definitely the place to be!
This has quickly become my favorite gym in scottsdale.
On top of this, i have signed up for personal training and i could not be happier with the purchase.
While there are many trainers who are extremely qualified, my favorite has to be kelly.
I always feel comfortable with the sessions and the training i'm receiving.
Overall, i am completely satisfied with my training and this is as a result of working with kelly.
Thank you kelly for being fantastic and thank you la fitness for hiring such a great trainer!
Hey, that's extra weight we're lifting!)
If you're looking for a gym, or if you're already y member, it's worth a visit!
I felt part of the gym.
If i come often to toronto this will be my gym to work out at.
There's everything our family can think of for our fun and fitness needs and goals!
The trainers always push you to get the most out of your time there.
The workouts are typically structured half in the weight room and half on treadmills.
It is the way gyms ought to be!
I don't know why there are so many current negative reviews about this gym.
I signed up and started with a personal trainer on july 5, 2016.
I have seen tremendous results in my physique and cardio since i started (8.0% body fat drop/ 18 pounds down).
I am updating my review as i started my other daughter back in gymnastics.
I'm 45 yrs old and before i started i never did any fitness and now it's changed my life.
At amenzone it's like have your own personal trainer in a group class.
By far an amazing fitness community.
Also available are full size basketball courts used for many other activities, such as volleyball, and kids camp/training classes.
I been a member at la fitness for over 5 years.
About the fitness instructors been stuck up that's true.
Yes they need to upgrade their equipment with monitors like others la fitness.
Swtiched from fitness 19 and this gym is soooo much better!
Training still remains for the most part varied, upbeat but there are times i really wish trainers focused on technique.
I have tried several gyms in the valley, trying to find the right one for my needs.
This is a clean gym with good and plenty of equipments.
Daniel chen is an awesome trainer!
Been a member of this gym for about 4 years.
They really make me feel welcome when i get to the gym and are super bubbly and energetic.
Everyone in the gym is really nice too.
I have been training with matt at underground for a few months now.
Since training with him i've lost 10 pounds but most importantly i'm maintaining my results.
He has even encouraged me to train for a fitness competition.
He checks in with me through out the week to see how my nutrition and training are going.
If you are looking for a trainer who is caring,encouraging,and holds you accountable look no further ask for matt!
The closest gym to my place.
The gym equipment is all new and well maintained.
After going to both sports and fitness and golds, core fitness is by far the nicest club in the area.
And are overall nice, complimentry and supportive of everyone (its kind of like the cheers of gyms).
Everything about this gym is small, the locker rooms, the stretching area, and the equipment is jammed together.
Seriously, respectful gym goers.
He works with you on your personal fitness goals to help you achieve them.
The free weights at a bit worn, but still effective.
Checking in, you have to check in up front of the gym.
Ground floor offers machines and free weights.
Second floor is cardio.
I referred my wife to their personal training center and she looks absolutely amazing in just 4 months.
I refer all my friends and family to them for physical fitness simply the best!
Enjoy the fridays' movies, play sports or sign for their fitness center, swimming, tennis or basketball classes and much more.
Eric is my trainer at this location.
He encourages me and cares about my health and fitness.
It's not a gym.
It's a gym and restaurant and spa + disney land too!
Child care: my favorite part of the entire gym!!
Best gym i've been to by far.
I love the cardio theater room.
I would like to commend eos fitness on losee/centennial for its fabulous facility and its fabulous employees.
Savannah, libi and nicole are always very friendly, smiling and welcoming when i enter the gym.
Finally, i would like to commend ann and norm (trainers at eos) who are absolutely fabulous.
Tom was my first trainer and he was super knowledgable, supportive, and really pushed me to give it my all.
Lisa, another trainer, actually joined in on the workout that day so that was really cool to see.
I am in the gym 3 times a week and have been pleased with the conditions and personnel.
I train with jazmin hernandez once a week and she is great!
This gym really does have it all!
The price is a little scary (yes, i pay over $100/month for a gym membership).
But, here's the bottom line:  i go to the gym!
My favorite part of the gym is the individual direct tv access mounted to cardio equipment.
Overall this gym is pretty bad-ass and i'm pretty happy with my membership!
I've been going to this gym for many years.
While it is in desperate need of an update, angie w. is the best trainer around.
Had a start up/welcome to the gym/butt kicking session with joe.
The work out was challenging and something you could easily remember and modify as your fitness changes.
Frank the head trainer was so good---very helpful on the floor exercises, very pleasant.
For working out they have a full range of equipment for both cardio and weight lifting.
Both my wife and myself have utilized their personal training and they have some great trainers as well.
On the other side is the grat wave pool, and a great gym.
Needed to get back on track after i let life get in the way of my fitness goals.
Gym was not crowded at 2 pm.
Lots of free cardio machine .
So around 7 weeks ago, i decided that enough was enough and that i had to lose weight.
After purchasing the trial pack i decided that this (herbalife)  was not the way i wanted to lose weight.
Classes:  cycling: awesome room, depends on the trainer that day, sometimes they put on boring music that drives me crazy!
I appreciate tom's professionalism, expertise in training and with my "issues", flexibility of schedule, upbeat demeanor and friendship.
I feel like tom has helped me better achieve my goals than any other trainer.
In my opinion strength training is one of the best ways to stay fit.
I have been a member of orange theory fitness for 7 years now and still love every minute of it!
I quit the large gym down the street, because i prefer going to classes at re-barre instead.
My trainers, ian, josh and tanner are awesome.
They are the first trainers that truly care for my success.
Best trainers since i started my healthy journey about 4 years ago.
I have been training with rachael for about two years now.
Rachael doesn't just focus on the physical aspect of your training, but also on the mental and emotional.
I could not ask for a better trainer!
The gym and locker room is always clean.
I attend another boot camp style gym but it's just not the same.
Originally bought a groupon because i was new to charlotte and wanted to try some different gyms before committing.
Group fitness has always been the most motivational for me, which is why i joined pure body.
It is pretty much all group fitness ranging from yoga, barre, pilates, cycling, crossfit, body pump, and more.
It's more than a gold's gym or planet fitness, but less than a boutique studio.
We are a small gym and everyone knows each other.
We are a family gym.
We all hang out with each other outside the gym & in the gym.
The trainers are professional and personable.
My brother, who is a complete work-out fanatic, highly suggested for me to check out this particular gym.
I am so glad that i did and now i am a very happy 24 hour fitness member.
If anyone is looking for an excellent trainer...rowina cariquitan is the best personal trainer i have ever worked with!
I feel confident that i chose the right gym:)  sincerely, jean
The ballet barre method is basically a mixture of cardio, ballet (using the bar), pilates and some yoga.
You will not a find a trainer as dedicated as rachael!
I've been a member of this gym for about 4 years now.
The good: lots of weights, racks, machines, space.
Although i've never had personal training, the trainers are nice and have offered free advice periodically.
Coming from someone who hated going to the gym, there aren't enough words to express my love for this place.
I recently moved to the scottsdale area making this my home gym.
I started with tanner on a fitness regimen to really push toward hitting my goals.
Awesome gym at an incredible price.
By far the nicest gym in the area with the widest array of equipment.
The trainers are phenomenal, the atmosphere is motivating, and we push each other beyond personal limits.
Super cheap for open gym dodgeball, like $4?
The gym is always clean and everyone's super nice :-)
Lisa was a fantastic trainer who explained everything thoroughly and monitored my progress throughout the class.
When i moved to the area, i was on the look out for a gym.
This is by far one of the best environments i've ever witnessed in a gym!!
It's a no brainer why i chose this gym to be my gym!
Though this gym is not as large as others in vegas it's well equipped.
A little hot in the summer but hey it's a gym right.
I was provided a thorough assessment for future fitness goals which was informative.
Jeremy scott fitness has been the best gym i've been apart of so far!
The one-on-one training i've received has been very insightful and helpful in my fitness journey.
Love this gym staff are amazing!
Only thing i would ask is that trainers change workouts be creative make every class different.
The personal trainers are really  friendly  and also assist with the equipment  and any questions i may have.
Clean, nice staff, equipment well maintained, good wifi, clean shower, media for the cardio, good location.
Tried out the cardio striptease workout afterwards... it was eh.
But the first half of the class is "cardio"... more like a glutes and thighs workout.
This is probably our favorite gym and josh is our favorite trainer.
Get yourself to this gym, ask for josh and get results.
The owners are there everyday sweating along with us and training us as well.
I had been bouncing from gym to gym and couldn't find anything that worked for me.
The workouts are hard but fun, and it's gotten my fitness routine back on track.
I love this gym they have literally everything you need and more!
They have a basketball court, crossfit, cardio theater, sauna, spa, pool, daycare and so much more
Nothing compared to lifetime fitness, but hey, a workout is a workout right?
Shawn is an excellent personal trainer.
He takes great care to consider our goals and past injuries to come up with perfect training routines.
His methods give a much greater pump than other trainers we have worked with.
There were a bunch of fighters waiting outside to go inside and train but we had time constraints.
There is a reason they say orangetheory fitness is the best workout in the country!
Every trainer is dedicated to making sure you reach your goals every single class!
I haven't worked out in years and dreaded the gym.
Great gym, great workout!!
In the mornings (sometime between 7 and 10 a.m.), i rarely have to wait for a particular weight.
Overall, my wallet is glad that i switched to la fitness and so am i!
The gym daycare is a lifesaver and the classes are great.
This gym is great!
I would recommend fitwall for fitness beginners  and anyone wanting to get their endurance and weight back on track.
Everyone from the owners to the trainers to the members are great.... down to earth, encouraging, etc.
Not sure what i miss more, the workouts or the people/trainers/owners.
It being a 24 hour gym...
Personal training: camie is awesome.
Camie is that trainer!
Pool: this pool is consistently warmer than the la fitness pools.
I have a membership to 24 hour fitness.... and after a 1-week introductory membership to barre....
It's like working out with a trainer without paying the price of a trainer.
I've been to 1 cardio yoga class and it's a fantastic class.
It's yoga with some cardio mixed in.
:)    unlike going to the gym (which i see as a chore), i actually look forward to the barre classes.
I got an amazing black friday deal of $199 for 15 months at markville fitness which is practically unheard of.
I am a younger girl but always feel comfortable coming to this gym even at night.
I've been coming to this gym for a couple months now and have yet to have a problem with it.
Trainers are genuine and helpful and by no means all about the money.
Great 24 hr fitness center at a very reasonable price!
I used to go to a gym, do the machines and a little free weight.
Gauntlet is more than a gym it's a family.
Koko is designed to give you the most efficient strength and cardio workouts in the easiest way possible.
We love this gym.
Jack, nick and amy are  fantastic trainers!!
They take the time to listen and understand where you want to go on your fitness  journey.
Fitness, camaraderie, motivation, challenging, fun!
Always helpful the gym is cute and small but i like that.
I really like this gym.
I'm working with a personal trainer - lorel stevens.
I moved gyms with her when the other place she worked closed.
This gym is very clean and modern.
Lots of cardio options.
I've been a member of this gym for over a year now and it is very good.
The weights are all in great condition and for the most part well organized.
Also there seems to be a weird lack of clocks in the lower weight area.
Recently my trainer moved gyms.
After visiting tangible tanning & fitness a few times i signed up for a membership.
The gym is relatively small.
The cardio equipment have tvs attached so you can sweat and watch your favorite show.
I did look at a few other gyms in the area.
The employees at la fitness were so rude when i didn't sign a contract on the spot.
I'm just starting back to the gym after a few years of not doing anything.
Yesterday it was boxing and weights.
Today was cardio and some yoga exercises.
Lorel stevens is my trainer there and she is the best!!!
Highly recommend the madison for anyone that gets bored with cardio and wants to change things up.
This anytime fitness is a great place to workout.
I started going to team training at 6 am t-f and notice a change in my outlook for the day.
The place is clean and cheap, and everything i needed in a gym.
Fxb is truly different than most other gyms i've been to.
Nobody here judges you and they are truly there to help you succeed in your fitness goals.
Absolutely love this gym !!
Plus we get 50% off tanning as gym members!
Conor is an excellent trainer.
I've enjoyed very intense training three times a week with tremendous results.
This is one of the best gyms i've ever been too.
It's challenging but the trainers really care about your success and want to see you reach your goals.
I have had nothing but a great experience with journey training.
Since i have been here i have lost a lot of weight and gained a decent amount of muscle.
Josh is, by far, the best trainer i have ever worked with.
No matter your fitness level or goal, josh is the man with whom you want to work.
Once you have him as a trainer, you have him as a friend.
Love this gym and the people.
The trainers focus on proper form to avoid injury and hold classes that will accommodate your fitness level.
Another big perk i would like to mention is the class schedules and amount of trainers.
There are over 4 certified trainers here so no shortage of knowledge.
They dont have towel service  i still rated it 4 stars because of the pool and gym equipment.
The gym has nice equipment, and good increments for the dbs, i think their dumbbells went up to 110lbs.
I would sign up with this gym probably because of the pool feature.
Just started going to the gym for about 2 weeks at this location.
When i go to the gym restrooms clean.
Finally decided to take the plunge and drop-in to a gym for a workout, while in the road.
I've met people who have lost the extra weight off in a matter of couple months and they look amazing!!
My buddy devan referred me to this gym last march, and since then i've been converted.
Prior to then i had held membership at good life, premiere fitness and extreme fitness.
My point is that snap is a no frills gym and i'm not missing the sauna or showers one bit.
I used to work around my gym's hours, and now my gym's hours work around me.
Everyday is a different circuit training.
I love the workouts, and never dread going to the gym!!!!
This gym is my favorite place to work out.
They always do nice to me each day i come into the gym.
I found af when my previous gym closed.
The gym is small but not too small.
When i first joined, i got a few free personal training sessions with amy.
The cost for the training is much more affordable than i thought it would be, and it's worth every penny!
Bottom line, anytime fitness is top of the line.
I absolutely love this gym!
Jason and john are amazing trainers.
I drive 45 minutes just to workout at this gym because there is nothing else like it out there.
It is such a small, personal gym that it feels like everyone is family.
This gym is open 24 hours!
We just get to the gym.
Overall the gym has a great space to do stretching, but no stretch cage.
I miss the stretch cage in my old gym.
Been trying several gyms across toronto over the years as i moved from neighbourhood to neighbourhood.
I told trainer mike bernknopf about my little man kylie and he completely understood and listened to me.
I love trx and everything about resistance training.
I've been going to this gym for over a year now and it has been great.
It is always clean, there is plenty of equipment available, and i really like the women's training room.
I have been working with a trainer - enom - and she has been fantastic.
I like this location over the stephanie gym which is always way too crowded.
Best gym i've ever been to.
The gym and people are great and i highly recommend rockbox charlotte.
If you are tired of being overweight, out of shape or just need an outlet for stress.
I really enjoy what glendale/peoria ymca has to offer; weight room, cardio equipment, pool, gym....etc.
Thank you to the specialized childcare givers at eos fitness at this eastern location.
The downsides are: no curl bars, no preacher bench, no flat bench and the highest dumbbell weight is 75 lbs.
Plenty of cardio stuff and no hassles.
I visited on a special they had going on for surfset fitness... let me say it was awesome!!
Great crossfit gym in madison!
The trainers were great.
I have regularly been going to the gym for nearly 12 years.
Anyways to say i learned anything during our first training would be an understatement.
He showed me that it's not all how heavy the weights are, but the technique of doing them.
Chase is the first trainer i've ever had and he has not disappointed.
This gym is my favorite place.
I've been training with sidney for 3 years, and i couldn't be happier with my results.
The gym is nice and quiet with almost never being fully packed, and no waiting for equipment!
Great gym conveniently located near the strip and the airport.
Wonderful, intelligent coaches who can scale entire workouts and/or movements up or down according to your fitness level.
I have trained with marcus neal, the current manager for a couple years.
You know that feeling when you're at a new gym, and you're looked at weird or feel left out?!
You gotta try this gym!
If you want strength training you've got to go see jenn.
Well rounded climbing gym.
The holds are kept pristine with resets for different parts of the gym nearly every week.
Small weights area if that's your motive.
So, throughout the years i've always struggled a little bit with my weight and fitness.
It's the only gym i plan on going to from now on.
They've also got lots of extra personal health instruction, like pilates, nutrition and training and yoga.
The price you pay for the quality of this gym is outstanding.
The staff is super friendly and the gym has a great vibe.
Way better than a corporate gym.
I absolutely love this gym.
The locker rooms are devoid of that olfactory funk which characterizes lesser gyms.
This gym alone is alright.
At this gym you can use the hydro massage table for only 7 minutes.
At the the other gyms they're 10 minutes.
Overall this gym is clean and put together nicely.
You can even get in a quick cardio session with the air-dymes.
I'd highly recommend this gym to anyone beginner or experienced.
The trainers are awesome and they are always very helpful with the exercises.
But this gym is gold's gym to me.
I love the free-weights, specifically the plates, at this location.
The weights are round, not octagonal, and not plastic/rubber coated.
I hate the octagonal plates that some of the other gyms have.
The rest of the gym is okay.
There's plenty of cardio equipment and a lot of the old school hammer machines.
Like i stated earlier, this gym is busy.
2017 gym review #6 / yelp review #125
This is the nicest planet fitness i've ever been to!
I would highly recommend this gym far and above any others.
The perfect class for those who hate cardio.
The gym is well equipped to do some great bootcamp type classes.
This is a great gym, especially for the price.
You get so much more than a gym membership when joining life time fitness.
This is gym of all gyms.
If your turned off by conventional gyms then you should definately try this.
This portion was circuit style so cardio/resistance.
Every time i walk in the door i feel like the trainers are genuinely happy to see me.
The owners are just as hands on as the trainers too.
I'm a happy camper now..now i just have to get my butt back to the gym.
Old review: ok the gym itself is not bad for the price.
Got a bunch of tvs to watch while doing cardio.
Physical therapy, a gym membership, and a $500+ month personal trainer didn't work.
You are a great trainer!!!
She enjoys going to the gym with us because of the environment they've created for the kids.
This gym is the one of my choice.
They provide the same services as the other la fitness on rio salado.
They've got a wide variety of weights, cardio equipment and classes.
He uses weight training first to make sure you avoid injury then he uses it to make you stronger.
Schuyler has a no frills approach to training.
Great place to work out for folks at all levels of fitness.
My favorite gym i've ever attended so far.
I love coming to the fitness classes, especially commit on tuesday mornings with michelle!
Great place for personal training.
I'm in the marines now so i'm just visiting and decided to check this gym out.
I have been going to this gym on and off since 2009 i think.
Good place, very nice staff, personal training available, classes...all reasonably priced, and not overcrowded.
There's the basic stuff that every gym has..the plethora of treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and basic weights.
The floors are painted concrete in the front and cardio areas and a recycled rubber through the strength training areas.
The class is suitable for all fitness levels.
I have had a gym membership for years and never use it.
He goes the extra mile for questions, concerns and connections to best trainers based on your goals.
They also have trainers and resources to support in any health goals you may have.
I really appreciate the cleanliness of the gym.
The extra floor padding in the free weight area was an excellent idea.
I've been to many gyms from lvac to eos to 24 hour fitness amongst others.
Those gyms can be filthy and busy beyond all belief.
Anytime fitness beats these gyms...hands down.
If you want to lose/gain weight and get in shape, come here!
Plus, you can come in any time during business hours and train for as long as you want!
Gym is still my go-to gym.
Overall, a really nice gym!
Having the opportunity to receive personal training in my home is wonderful.
To make it even better, my trainer, melissa, is outstanding.
If you want a place you can concentrate without all the big gym noise.
I recently started a trainer program, and i can say nothing but amazing things!
The trainers really pay attention to your goals, and want nothing but the best for their clients!
I basically feel freakin' super every time i step in and out of the gym.
I found one kick gym and enjoyed every minute of it!
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to train there!!
The trainers teach you proper posture and pushes you.
I've never liked working out, be it alone at a gym, in group personal training or with a one-on-one trainer.
I give full credit to the trainers - alli, ciara, clarissa, jesus, ace and tiffani.
I've been working out at this gym for almost a year now and i love everything about this place.
Allied crossfit is the best gym!
I've seen more results from allied than any other crossfit gym i've been to.
I would highly recommend kelly of kelly athletics to anyone looking for a trainer.
I'm so glad to have kelly as a trainer, you wont regret scheduling sessions with her.
I enjoy going to eos fitness.
If you love to lift some weights - there is a third floor which has a dedicated space for that.
Learned so much from all of the trainers and had a great time in the process.
Love this gym and can't wait to be back in town for a workout!
For me, it wasn't about losing weight, it was defining my  muscle and being toned.
This was the best planet fitness experience yet!
The gym itself is spacious and clean!
They have all the basic planet fitness equipment plus some!
They even have a functional fitness area with a trx.
Why can't ever planet fitness be like this one?!?!?
Started going to this gym recently & i am very happy!
It's never over packed like some other gyms.
Really cool boxing gym.
Brandon obina was so helpful to me while signing up for the gym!
I've never felt more welcomed in a gym the way i do at allied.
Been there less than a year and have made tremendous progress on my fitness and weight loss goals.
The variety of trainers helps to ensure i get a really diverse workout and my body constantly "surprised".
This is the best gym in the metro phoenix area, hands down.
I visited on a special they had going on for surfset fitness... let me say it was awesome!!
I have yet to have to wait for any of the cardio equipment.
The machines can get busy, and the free weight area is pretty slammed, which is a little disappointing.
The staff:  there certainly are a lot of personal trainers walking around...mostly with clients.
I've had an issue with some of the trainers pushing hard to sell me training packages.
It's a real turn-off to have staff that are only in it to sell training.
This is what happens when the fitness market consolidates to 1 major provider.
Can't say enough good things about the gym and the coaches.
The gym is in an old warehouse, and what it lacks in frills it overwhelmingly makes up for in substance.
By far the best gym in town.
Great team and crossfit gym to be a part of!!
Chase is a wonderful personal trainer!
It's a small gym, but i love it!
Fxb is such a fantastic program for any fitness level.
The program, staff, owners, and members truly motivate you to help you reach your fitness goals.
All the equipment i need and a huge selection of free weights.
Gym is brand new so facilities are top notch.
The madison has become my new favorite fitness craze!
I'd definitely recommend it, and plan to make twice-a-week classes part of my 2016 fitness goal!
The exercise room/weight room could easily be double the size and still be relatively crowded.
I wanted to go somewhere where i felt i was actually getting a good workout and not just doing cardio.
The cardio portion is 15 minutes and the strength portion usually took me about 20-25 minutes.
It's a whole lot cheaper than getting a personal trainer at one of those chain gyms too.
They go month to month which is great if you don't want to commit to a gym for a year.
Great staff especially the personal trainers they are well informed!
Plus has a dead lifting pad which is great for heavier weights!
Personal training, to athlete training.. to high intensity workout classes.
Melissa is an exceptional trainer.
Their trainers yehye and mike; they push me harder and harder every session!
At regular gyms, i workout for an hour and don't sweat or feel engaged.
Don't be afraid to ask your trainers anything.
I have the most awesome trainer, jessica has been patient yet firm and encourages me to do my best.
My only complaint is that the hydro training is given outside during much of the year.
I have been a member of la fitness for over 15 years.
The gym is always kept clean  and have a friendly staff.
I highly recommend this gym.
This anytime fitness is one of the best ones i have visited since i moved here!
There is wi-fi here too, which is pretty much a standard necessity at gyms now-a-days.
This gym is not huge, but it's big enough.
This location provides a great anytime fitness experience.
This trainer makes it happen!
She recently was promoted to a master trainer!
I recommend her no matter of what level you are in fitness!
He wasn't trying to get me to join his gym.
Fees and inclusions: yes, this gym is kind of expensive- $52/month for a single membership, $100/ month for a couple.
If you only want to run on a treadmill or lift weights, this might be overkill.
And an insanely huge cardio area and a very nice selection of weight machines and free weights.
Personal training: when i signed up, there was a special for 3 free personal training sessions with your membership.
My first was used more to discuss my nutrition, current exercise regimen, and fitness goals.
So, for personal training, it seems to really depend on who you get.
I have had memberships at gyms that cost less than 1/2 of this one that have had that option.
This gym is great.
Cardio is mind numbing!
Especially if you are going to the same gym- not hopping all over town.
I was looking for a gym near my area.
At first glance this seems like a warehouse that sells gym equipments.
But its a gym that recently opened but its not fully furnished yet.
I'm glad that i have found this hidden gym.
I loooove this gym!
These guys are the best when it comes to personal training.
Their goal is to help clients meet their own fitness goals.
Effective training solutions is worth every cent.
Their is a great community at the gym and everyone is very friendly.
I particularly enjoy the weightlifting classes to improve my snatch and clean and jerk lifts.
Members are all apart of the same team, regardless of the level of fitness.
I joined this gym when it was gold's gym (back in january 2013) as a new year's resolutioner.
He greets patrons of the gym authentically, and by name, and has taken a personal interest in my fitness progress.
I'd recommend this gym to friends and strangers alike.
By far the best gym i've been member of.clean enviroment,variety of equipment,and staff is always heplful.
Finally a good bouldering gym in the gta region!
I've been going to this gym for over 3 years now and love the commit (formerly mixe classes.
I've tried so many gyms, bootcamp/crossfit type places, work out videos, you make it.
Ets is one of the arcadia area's best-kept secrets for physical training and conditioning.
Ets is the former larry reynolds gym.
It's not a fancy gym, but it is the best we've ever encountered for quality, friendly, and highly professional training.
At ets, everyone works with personal trainers.
Sometimes my trainer and i are the only ones working.
At most, there may be two other trainers working with their clients at the same time.
You never know which trainer you will get, but it doesn't matter.
They welcome you to the gym each time like you're an old friend.
She is positive and loves helping improve health and fitness for people looking for motivation.
I've been training with kelly which has been great finding someone who shares similar beliefs in the vegan lifestyle.
So i've been here for tanning, but i just recently joined the gym and i love it.
I really appreciate that because i was incredibly bored at my last gym (youfit).
I rate this five stars because i can actually get things done here than any other gym.
The gym has a very welcoming feel.
All the trainers are friendly and greet me when i come in.
Definitely not intimidating the way other gyms can be.
This is a great gym.
Now, to be fair, i'm not exactly a gym rat, so my reference is limited, but i like it here.
I love fitness 247.
It's a great gym with lots of space and plenty of workout equipment.
Gym memberships are super affordable.
Fitness classes are also great.
If you're looking for a gym to join definitely consider fitness 247!
Way better than la fitness or planet fitness.
The instructors really care about your health and fitness here and don't just show up as an obligation.
Their weight room doesn't have a track but compensates with great equipment.
Shame i live quite far, this would've made for a decent gym to join  yelp kicks butt: 1/10
Ghosh's hatha yoga class held at goodlife fitness, cowell avenue location.
With his program i was able to reach my fitness goals in a short time period!
Gym and tanning for $25 a month!
Life time is the most impressive gym facility i've ever seen.
There are more pieces of equipment, classes, rooms, classes, training, and other amenities than you'll probably ever use.
Except maybe their new gym/salon when it opens.
Now onto the gym; i have a membership to it but embarrassingly have yet to use it.
The gym seems well stocked, clean, and not too busy at any time of the day.
I've been working out here for about a year now, and i'm impressed overall with the gym.
The equipment is good, lots of cardio machines that connect to the internet.
This is the best gym in the pittsburgh area, i have no doubt.
~ the staff keeps up with the latest fitness crazes.
~ the trainers are free, and they're great.
~ the gym is super cheap.
Included in that is all the free training and classes.
I've been to a few other la fits near me, as well as some of the former 24hr fitness locations.
Nicole, the operations manager, is really the unsung hero of the gym.
Granted, as a former personal trainer, i have a different perspective because i understand how corporate gyms are run.
The other thing i love about this gym are the members.
But mostly, everyone here is really nice, respectful, and knows gym etiquette.
This gym and these people made my transition to phoenix so much easier!!!
I would have no problem recommending this gym to anyone.
I like this planet fitness.
The trainers there are great....so worthwhile to invest in a little kick start.
This gym is fantastic!!!
Totally different than going to a gym or most group exercise.
I work out several times a week and am pretty picky with where i have a gym membership.
Like the y, the focus is on fitness, not what you're wearing.
The sports trainers are very knowledgeable and have your best interests in mind.
This gym is very clean and well maintained.
After months of procrastinating & driving by orange fitness i finally walked in after a frustrating day at work.
I started working out at my personal trainer about a month ago.
Spending 15-20 min doing a cardio/strength training workout twice a week works well for my body, mind, and time schedule.
I found i do better with someone (my trainer) telling me "you can do this, you can do one more."
It's actually almost more annoying than the grunting or the weight dropping that makes it go off.
All in all, a great and cheap gym.
I looked around at many gyms and decided on eos mostly because of the staff.
I have been working with a trainer, amanda who is awesome!
I also like how the trainers challenge you and even after all this time; my muscles still get sore.
Great gym i have been a member for years!
Bar none the best managed gym i've ever been to.
And i am very happy to announce, i have finally found it at shape training!
Since the first day i stepped foot in shape training, i knew i was where i needed to be.
My husband and i now meet with james as our personal trainer on a weekly basis.
If you are fed-up with the regular, boring gym, then shape straining is where you need to be.
At first glance walking into the gym you may mistake it for a gymnastics center.
First and foremost let me discuss the trainers.
It is like getting a personal trainer for an hour but you pay much less a session.
On to the gym itself.
The gym has had a major renovation since i started all for the better.
This is not your "typical" gym.
The people attending the gym range from your military types to moms trying to get into better shape.
This y actually has a lot ymcaers can use that's right by the gym that's easily access throughout the day.
As a result, getting in and out of this ymca takes significantly less time than other gyms.
Instead, it tends to be a better before and after work gym.
I was finding the gym boring and having to deal with a contract.
I never thought group training was for me, but i find myself more motivated than ever here.
After years of gym memberships i finally found something that works for me.
This is definitely my new climbing gym.
Kelly is an incredible trainer and i highly recommend her to anyone.
To the trainer to the front desk everybody is nice and they will keep you motivated.
This gym is awesome!
Small gym, but they have the equipment and classes to meet my needs.
Like most la fitness, the space is clean and the aerobics room is large.
By far the best gym in the west valley.
Tyson is a fantastic trainer.
This is a great gym in pittsburgh.
There are a few trainers and all of them are very friendly.
Last year in september of 2017 my weight was spiraling out of control.
Since joining their beginner's class (fitness) i've lost 50 lbs and no longer have to take blood pressure meds.
Not only have i lost weight, but i've increased my strength and stamina.
The trainers are all top notch, they want you to succeed, work hard and have fun.
I have regularly trained at 3 different studios her in town and summerlin location is the best.
They have a wide assortment of great trainers and they have the most amount of classes every day.
The constant heart rate monitoring means you never "cheat" and the trainers and owner are great.
When i was deciding which gym to attend, i went to 3 different places in the beachwood area.
La fitness was too intimidating, lifetime fitness was too expensive.
Really loving the new gym.
Overall, great gym and will be my new go-to one from now on.
But they really can use more free weights...
I have to admit... inglewood ca planet fitness has better lockers and so should this one here...
I will miss this place cause in a couple months i will be leaving pf for gold's gym.
The staff are unusually well educated, helpful, and encouraging, regardless of fitness level and goals you might have!
I've moved away from the area and miss the gym so much!
It is a basic gym made for the average joe at a price anyone can afford.
A few months back i  took advantage of the personal training and it was great.
I'm not sure if they have certified trainers but some help is better than not knowing what you're doing.
They have nice tvs with 8 channels going but you must bring headphones and be doing cardio to hear it.
They are now led by greg...who is a fitness buff himself and very knowlegable.
I began training there as a new years resolution five years ago when i retired.
I was a member of this gym for years.
This gym has everything you need and more!
If you're looking for a gym in the north hills, i highly recommend this club julian!
I recently switched to tangible tanning & fitness.
I enjoy going here to this gym.
The gym also have new equipment and plenty to choose from.
If you are overweight or not, come to this gym.
I've been coming to this gym for a couple years now and have never even considered switching.
), facility is very clean, and it's not a meat market like other gyms.
Damn you, planet fitness.
You'll pay more than your "typical" gym here, but i think it's worth it.
I thought about switching to another gym because of the price, but i can't bring myself to do it!
I recently started going to chase for personal training and i am very impressed.
I decided to try panthro fitness after seeing an online deal- 10 semi private lessons for $125.
The trainer monitors and makes sure your form is good.
I encourage anyone looking to switch up their fitness routine to check out this place.
Nic, the trainer,  is always so awesome!
The gym is very clean with sanitizer stations through out the gym.
A reasonable free weight section that gets the job.
The gym is quiet the patrons are polite and very quiet and it's seldom overly crowded.
The locker room (women's) was very nice and clean as was the gym.
I have an awesome trainer who helps and educates his class.
The gym is larger than most focusing on bouldering with some top rope.
I would highly recommend him to people of all fitness levels and age groups.
I would highly recommend anyone who is serious about reaching and exceeding their personal fitness and health goals!
There is also a section for roped climbing and another area for gym equipment.
So bonus, not only is the hub tons of fun, you can use it to supplement your gym day!
Why do other gyms have to make it so hard?
I just don't understand why la fitness, etc.
Hands down one of the best gyms i have been to!
He's an amazing personal trainer!
I'd expected a new climbing gym in a big warehouse to have significant top roping!
I started going to ecf about a year ago, and jess is my trainer.
All of my training is customized to what i need and what i want to get out of it.
It's hard work but with the dedication and right trainer and nutrition you will be looking and feeling your best.
Try sidney's training and see for yourself.
They help you get your kettle ball, your mat, take weights on and off machines, etc.
The goal is to use your fitness and your health to serve others.
A gym that is not self of sort?
But this gym is down to earth in every way!
I was given a 1 month gift certificate as a christmas present for this training facility.
However, after 2 weeks of training, relating and getting a great workout i decided to commit for the year.
It is the only gym i have ever looked forward to going to.
I like that i can come to this gym & get lost in my headphones and workout.
And even though i lift primarily, i use cardio machines to cool down.
Just find another machine lol  i like the gym, but they need to fix that theif/locker room issue.
The gym is kept very clean!
Great gym, awesome staff and highly recommend stopping by to see for yourself!
New cardio equipment recently put in.
Best little gym ever!
Much cheaper than la fitness, where i didn't use the basketball and racquetball courts or pool.
This gymnasium is very spacious and they have everything from ropes to hoops to gymnastic beams.
Nick is my absolute favorite trainer.
Been going to stephanie eos but wasn't happy with their service from trainer leader and manager.
I have been working out with sarah at terrafitness three times a week for over two months now.
It's expensive, but the one-on-one attention and personalized training programs are a worthwhile investment.
Definitely recommend if you're looking for some one-on-one coaching to help you meet your fitness goals!
Sidney is an amazing trainer he pushes me when i feel like giving up & is constantly motivating me.
I've always struggled with maintaining my weight & after just 1 month of training with him i've dropped 10 lbs!
One kick's gym is as good as it gets.
I have 2 boys that train at the gym and they both love it.
One kick's gym is the only gym that i would ever consider for my boys now that i've found it.
I signed up for some help with a trainer - the second exceptional experience!
I've been coming here and they always seem to push me to the next fitness level.
This fitness studio specializes in high intensity interval training classes.
He's constantly armed with a contagious and positive attitude, and anyone would be in good hands training with him.
Charles is my trainer and he is super awesome !
If you are like me and most people, then weight/reps/workout times are very confusing.
Guess what, personal trainers are expensive.
Koko elegantly solves this problem by having a virtual trainer with you on every workout.
The best personal trainer!
My energy is higher than ever before, and i feel great with the weight loss.
Rob, the owner is incredible, he provided some of the best training i have ever had.
When training with a personal trainer, i take form very seriously.
I'm thrilled that my trainer, chase, is meticulous about teaching and demanding good form.
It certainly helps maximize toning & strength training.
If you're looking for a trainer that really knows his stuff, i recommend you call chase  the trainer.
The atmosphere when you walk in is everything that a gym should be!
I trained with burton in muay thai for an hour and it was amazing.
He is amazing and insanely diverse- i'd recommend him to anybody interested in anything fitness related!
I also went through a quick power lifting workout with burton and another amazing trainer, charles.
Charles talked to me not just about my fitness goals, but my career goals as well.
I shopped many gyms.
After talking to brian mulatto the gm at this eos gym i needed to give this one a try.
No weights slamming, no needless grunting and yelling.
Personal training with sam arnold @ shape was one of the best decisions i've made yet!
I was tired of generic, over priced gyms and found a gem with this team.
I personally train with sarah and have really enjoyed working out with her.
The club itself is spotless, uncluttered, and nothing like the typical "gym".
Highly recommend this gym!
Workout here once in awhile at the gym  allways good people here at this location.
It's a small gym & tanning salon in one.
Best staff of any gym in town!
There are lots of gyms in henderson, but after visiting them, i chose this anytime fitness.
It is a small neighborhood gym with a very friendly owner and staff.
It is not a posh gym with lots of trendy classes.
I've been going to this gym for almost a year now, and i have absolutely no regrets.
Their equipment, while a bit older than the newer gyms, works extremely well.
In addition, when i travel, i'm able to visit any anytime fitness facility.
So again, if you are serious about lifting weights and working out, this is a great place to go.
Good aquatic facility with nice pools and gym.
The gym is up to date but the equipment computer rarely work.
Smart trainers, great use of space and allow you to get in and get out quick with 30 minute workouts.
The trainers here don't rely on machine circuits like many other gyms.
Cheaper gyms don't have towel service nor squeeky clean showers that lifetime has.
I know so many people who have prepaid for their gym memberships and never go!
Best "large" gym in arizona!
Personal training, fitness testing, triathlon training, and fun wellness contests are also offered.
Definitely my second home...owners remain consistently amazing, and they've brought in a lot more personal trainers and different training equipment.
Originally went in just to sign up for a monthly pass but ended up leaving assigned to a personal trainer.
If you are looking for a personal trainer i highly recommend her!!!!
I lost 30 pounds on with this training.
It is an unbelievable workout with trainers that care about you.
I highly recommend this gym.
The staff there is very nice and friendly and they set a good tone for the gym.
I've been to different gyms and other la locations and i definitely like this one the most.
That gym truly feels the way a gym should feel-good environment and good vibe and free of negativity.
Erik is the best personal trainer you can hope to get if you're looking to unfat yourself.
This is my favorite gym!
Number one - when i come to this gym it's never to packed where i can't use a machine.
Hands down planet fitness is my favorite gym and the only gym!
Crossfit 2 serve is the best crossfit gym you could find!
It's a very clean, organized gym.
Honestly, i think it's on par if not more affordable then other boutique fitness studios.
In addition child care is included and they offer focus meetings with a trainer to help you reach your goals.
The classes definitely hit all the muscle groups and it's great overall cardio and conditioning.
If that's what you are looking for, and no free weights, then it might be for you.
I really like this gym a lot.
I also really like that no one drops weights here.
I used to work at a gym where i would literally kick people out if they were dropping the weights.
Overall, this is a very straightforward gym.
She is the best trainer ever and the other trainers, scott and alec, are also great at what they do!
Their knowledge about health and fitness is out of this world.
The gym is beautiful and has allot of equipment and is very spacious.
The ladies locker room is cavernous with little side rooms for personal training and various nutritional council rooms.
I started going to j&d fitness at the beginning of the year.
I love the private training options and the small group classes.
Doug & his team of trainers are amazing!
I really enjoy the trx training!
I worked out often with the trainer jenny!
I really recommend j&d fitness!
I've been coming to cfa now for almost four years, through three gym "upgrades" and an awesome influx of people.
I think this gym is amazing.
Being a pure fitness convert, it's a much better gym, with a lot more to offer.
Tangible fitness is such a great gym with a great community of people that work out there.
My husband and i are so happy we found this gym!
I have already recommended traveling fitness trainers to others.
I need someone (coach or trainer) to be on me 100% and get me mentally and physically focused.
To see if you even like it, devil dog gives you one free personal trainer try out session.
My endurance is up, my weight is down, and im learning how to box.
The only thing i wish that snap fitness was a little bigger.
This gym is perfect for the person who wants to workout independently!
They have free weights, machine weights, several cardio options all w/ flat screen tv's on them.
It's a small intimate gym that isn't the least bit intimidating.
No pushy trainers trying to sell you training sessions, vitamins, food plans etc.
Trevor, mike, & all the straight flush trainers are amazing !
Amazing trainers with a fun & friendly cross fit environment
My gym, and i love it, great staff, great prices, always clean,  i always feel welcome.
Clients are friendly too and will answer any questions you may have,  can not state enough, i love my gym.
Group classes include: cycling on realryder bikes, boxing, and suspension training.
In addition, they have personal trainers who can adapt to your individual needs (and your schedule).
I have trained with a couple of their trainers and i highly recommend it.
These trainers push me harder than anyone would at a large corporate gym, yet they keep things interesting.
From having lvac and planet fitness as well.. eos comes in second place.
This is a great gym.
I would have joined the gym but i am leaving town for 3 months.
I am not in the best shape but i believe i can achieve many fitness and weight loss goals there.
It's a nice cozy little gym that is very convenient if you live within walking distance.
They have a wonderful community of trainers all committed to your personal health and well-being.
Is your current fitness routine just that?
He's very professional and adjusts the workout program to fit your own personal fitness goals.
We quickly moved between the treadmills (bike for me); water rowers; and the weight floor.
Great space for strength training and long runway for some serious cardio.
They've expanded the gym in the last year, so it has even more equipment and space.
Like my trainer in sf, he's very patient and has a positive demeanor.
The atmosphere - elite customer fitness is a great gym and everyone who works out there is super friendly.
If you're looking for a personal trainer, i highly recommend ecf!
Solid 70s style gym.
I've been a member almost 2 years and i love this gym!
You don't get the same attitude as some of the other gyms in north scottsdale will give you.
I had an amazing experience doing personal training sessions at area fitness.
Connie was so helpful and friendly, she set me up with one of her studio's trainers, stephanie belding.
I would highly recommend area fitness to anyone seeking a new gym or workout.
Not shure but i'll be happy to share another update about this gym.
I love that the owner, chris, doesn't run this place like a typical big name gym.
They have shoe rentals, chalk pouch rentals and offer yoga/gym memberships to those that are already members with hub.
The gym is very clean, as well as the change rooms/washrooms.
The gym offers bouldering, supervised climb and yoga/ mini gym.
If you don't know how to climb, don't stress they offer orientation and training for those that need it/first timers.
The gym itself is great too as far as amenities as well as the other employees.
During that period i've seen sid training clients, have been following his instagram and seeing the results he provides.
Everything in life is what you put into it, and fitness should be part of that.
I have been going to this gym several times per week for about a year and a half.
Instructors are awesome: well trained, competent, fun, and open to discussing any question you have after class.
While this is a new gym, the trainers are all quite experienced.
And it's more than just a crossfit gym.
I love this gym and i would recommend it to anyone, regardless of their ability.
Shoot, when i started crossfit, i was heavier and i couldn't  do much at all in terms of fitness.
There's not an overabundance of cardio machines and you're not paying for unnecessary luxury items so membership prices are lower.
I've had memberships at 4 different gyms and this one is easily my favorite.
Great facility and workout for all ages and fitness levels!
Total body workout and motivating trainers who are all unique and different keeping workouts exciting
Mitch kept the workout moving quick, and kept it heavy cardio.
I have been training with nicole for a few months and i have amazing results.
A good local gym.
You can't beat the price of this gym.
I have been a member at this gym off and on since they first opened.
I also wish training classes weren't so pricy.
Take advantage of this new gym with new equipment!
The workouts are challenging, the facility inviting and clean, and justin is a knowledgeable and encouraging trainer.
Trust me, if you want a good workout, check out this gym.
Met me at the door with the biggest smile & got me excited to start my fitness journey.
There might be a few too many "no gym bags" signs posted, but it's all good.
This place is the real deal, you get trained by medical professionals who excel in their craft.
Whether it's full body cardio or boxing, you get every penny's worth.
Favorite gym and tanning salon!!
Grew up playing sports and needed something different than throwing weights around the gym.
I've been a longtime member of bally's and later la fitness among various fitness clubs over the past decade.
This gym i feel is a very well rounded gym.
In fact i think lifetime fitness is a modern version of the ymca.
Fitness is a clean, welcoming place to workout.
Both the trainers are highly skilled and work for your individual needs.
It is the only gym i feel comfortable working out at.
This is the best gym i have ever been to!!!
He always answers my many questions about health and fitness!
This is a great gym jack and his team do a terrific job keeping me in shape.
Jab fitness is my first (gym) love!
I've been a member of other gyms and always become unmotivated and bored-- which is impossible here at jab fitness.
I've been working out at planet fitness for about a year now.
It's a smaller gym, not a whole lot of free weights but i think that's part of their image.
I've only had a few negative experiences at this gym though.
One of those being the personal trainer that used to work there.
I really enjoy the gym over-all.
My only hangup is the actual business model or i suppose, motto, of the gym.
Mike stays current with nutrition, overall health and training knowledge and is a great source of information and inspiration.
This is not a big box gym - you don't go to workout here on your own.
This is the real deal for personal training and you will get results!
I seriously love this gym!!!
Came by this joint on a business trip and had to check out a different crossfit gym.
Probably one of the best staff i've counter in a gym.
I dutifully paid $18/month but never really made use of this gym.
As far as gyms go, this is about as good as it gets.
-very friendly staff/trainers who know you by name.
My biggest grip would be the free weight area is a little congested.
Perfect location, beautiful new gym and no gym intimidation.
I have lost eighteen pounds in less than two months since i have been training with sid.
Jason & brandon have established a very personable, fun, friendly and motivating academy of fitness.
I've been taking a boxing fitness class that has trimmed 30 pounds off my aged frame without injury or regret.
Needless to say, i'm very impressed with jab fitness.
Jessie showed me around the gym to see what equipment they had to offer.
I have easy parking and access to the gym and it's equipment.
I even ran into a convo with their fitness manager.
I definitely recommend this gym to experienced lifters and people just getting started.
The gym has a great set up and the staff is very welcoming.
Trifit is a great little gym with very skilled trainers!
The gym is bright and airy and always very clean.
The staff are friendly and professional and they are well educated in various aspects of personal fitness training, movement, etc.
I'm very happy with the training i'm getting at trifit.
This gym is super clean, safe and has all the bells and whistles.
People actually put their weights back too!
They also have an extensive cardio/biking/elliptical/steps area and a room for aerobics and group work outs.
They offer personal training and a few other extras that might cost a hair more, but very worth it.
Everything you need to meet your fitness goals- weight, supplements, educated trainers.
Inexpensive-  no contract, sign-up, or cancellation fee's amenities-  complimentary lockers and towels  not the stuffiness of an"la fitness- style" gym
I have been a member to several gyms and this one is just my speed.
All the equipment is new with a mix of machines and free weights.
If anyone has gone to the big gyms - you will see equipment broken for long periods of time.
Third - dues  it is similar to la fitness ($40 per month) and do offer personal training.
The personal training is more of a value.
At la fitness or urban active you will pay anywhere from $35 - 45 per half hour.
The rate at anytime fitness is similar but for an hour.
This is good if you want to kick-start your fitness.
This is a pretty well-thought gym with 1800 locations across the us (all franchise).
The big gyms are great because they offer more amentities (steam rooms, pool, classes throughout the day, cycling classes, daycare.
Etc...)    overall:  price - comparable to the big gyms.
I got two personal training sessions and matt did a great job.
Who goes to relax at the gym anyway?
They have successfully ruined my expectations of any gym out there- i simply cannot find a duplicate.
I have been members of numerous gyms within the cleveland area and csc is the best box in cleveland.
Okay, this fitness center is amazing!
No need to walk through a bunch of hallways to find a small gym.
This gym has the best, clean equipment, and is very spacious.
A planet fitness in west virginia completely screwed me in ways i wont even get into.
My boyfriend & i train here with patrique.
:)  our trainer is cool, flexible & motivating.
We do wish the gym was a little cleaner though.
I loved lifting weights but it made my body look too muscular and bulky.
It's a great crossfit gym with a great community of support.
I go to the teen class three days a week, and the trainers are great.
The staff at this location to be personable and the gym itself to be reasonably clean.
This is a great gym with friendly coaches and members.
I'd highly recommend this gym.
If you want a quiet gym to workout in, this one is great.
Tim helped me with this and much more, and showed me what i was truly capable of in the gym.
I absolutely love the team at jab fitness.
I have been able to achieve major fitness goals with their support and class offerings.
Jenn spencer is an amazing trainer who has seen me through torn muscles and broken bones!
She never pushes too hard but ensures fitness remains a priority no matter how modified my workouts need to be.
Jason's monday eve boxing class is hands down the best fitness class i've ever taken.
No matter your fitness level they will assist you in setting goals and recommend classes.
They will come over to you in class and individually show you how to modify something for your fitness level.
Trifit wellness is an amazing gym.
David soto-griego is an incredible trainer and an asset to the gym.
Staff are stellar here, from edwin at the front desk to nick (head trainer and location manager, great personality!)
I highly recommend this gym and if you can make it a point to train with charles.
Friendly from the beginning and a very good trainer.
If you are serious about getting/staying in shape and want a legit boxing gym, this is the place for you.
Can't say enough amazing  things about this gym, its absolutely wonderful.
I've been to ~10 crossfit gyms around the country, this is the best one by far.
Coaching can make or break a gym, and is the most important factor to me.
There are many other gyms whose coaches to me seemed bored and disengaged, which is not motivating or safe.
This is absolutely the best gym in the area and i'm proud to be a member there.
I had never heard of this gym, until i read reviews about it on yelp, a couple of weeks ago.
I still maintain my membership at anytime fitness, for the time-being.
But planet fitness is a steal of a deal!
This is the best la fitness.
I live across the street from the gym on power (where they blast the music, esp.
Gym equipment is a little old, but it gets the job done.
Theres also a "females only" weight room.
Since losing weight, i've been obsessed with getting a tight, lean and sculpted physique like a surfer or a yogi.
I loved it, but don't expect this place to be a huge gym because it's not.
The best gym, the best crossfit gym i have been too.
Plus, if you are a competitor they are geared toward that level of training when you are ready.
I have been doing crossfit for 5 years, and i always drop into local gyms when i am traveling.
The gym was very clean, and there was plenty of space for you to perform your workout.
The other members seemed to love the gym.
Want to mention again how clean the gym was!
Great gym on 14th street near kensington.
I've been a member since the beginning and i've tried some classes and personal training sessions.
I love my trainer wendy... she's a machine!
Plus, from what i have seen so far, there is a minimal amount of douchy gym rats there!
I love this gym!
My work offers a free membership to our company gym but i needed something a little more intense.
We found energie cardio on google maps and i'm glad we took the time to go check it out.
The gym has brand new equipment and the trainers are the best!
If your looking for a trainer that is ready to help you crush your goals then heather is for you!
I use to be a member at the gym.
Amazing steam room with a gym that never really got crowded when i worked out.
My son loves this place and the trainers.
Great knowledgeable staff and they have pilates and yoga for the parents while waiting for the kids to train.
Gym manager "marissa" was professional and got straight to the point as we filled out the paperwork together.
I'll be sure to update after a personal training session.
Check out the gym, skip the spa!
Fitness in motion is the complete opposite of a big box gym.
It's on the smaller side and besides small group classes it appears to cater to personal training.
One doing exercises on the trx and the other doing body weight, ab and band exercises.
This is an amazing gym.
The gym is well rounded, yoga, nutrition, and kids crossfit.
Then the trainer corry (sp) came out and gave me a tour and showed me everything.
You can't judge the gym on a one-time human mix-up when it's phenomenal in all other aspects.
But not only are the classes amazing..but the trainers are on point too!!
I signed up with bryce and train with thomas and wouldn't of wanted it any other way!!
From running to traditional crossfit to boot camp to oly training, sixth city does it all.
Without a good coach and gym, crossfit is just word.
I am a huge gym goer and have been weight lifting for about two years now solo.
I started seeing mike bernknopf to take my fitness goals to the next level.
He has revolutionized the way i eat to fulfill my fitness goals.
They have squat racks, ample amount of free weights, even trx equipment and way more.
I purchased a small package from my son's for christmas from this training center.
Both are into physical fitness and had an interest in this form of martial arts.
Over all it's a great gym for the price.
Best mma gym i've ever trained at.
I have trained at many gyms around the country and nick has his gym on lock!!
We have been members of this gym for a while now, and it's absolutely amazing in here!
We upgraded from la fitness, and let me tell yuh.... you get what you pay for!
Lowest price for gym membership so far as i know.
All the coaches and "fit fam" help to motivate and push you to achieve all your fitness goals.
Good life fitness is everywhere and almost all locations are good.
The equipment is just the normal gym equipment.
The free weight section seems a little tight sometimes as it gets crowded real fast.
Located in the cosmo hotel- this is by far one of the best hotel fitness centers i have ever seen.
There is multiple weights, both machine and free weights, yoga equipment, top quality cardio machines and even a boxing ring.
The east wing tower is your average hotel fitness room, but top notch.
All in all this fitness center helps make to cosmo rock.
I highly recommend that you give them a look if you are serious about training!
She makes everyone feel welcome, no matter what their fitness level is!
Program wise, we had a good range of cardio and strength building.
Overall, i think this gym would be a great place for anyone interested in crossfit, newbies or veterans.
The gym itself is ok.
Had a 5 session lesson through a groupon with my trainer pete.
Little small but very clean, quiet and i'm finding i love these gyms go intervals cardio and core day!!!
Great location and trainers!
This is the fitness center inside the cosmopolitan hotel.
They have enough machines & free weights to get a good workout and plenty of cardio equipment.
All the trainers are friendly, helpful and great motivators!
Pros- great gym, good price, and all necessary equipment.
I enjoy that this gym is a actual gym and does not have a "crossfit" feel to it.
The members are a varied mix of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels.
I highly recommend underground fitness!
Greg and his team and wonderful and motivate me every time i'm in the gym.
I look for others gyms but crossfit sixth city was the one i choose as my new "home".
I train under ishamel motta for jiu jitsu and no gi with mark dickman.
Suuuper spacious and not crowded compared to the bay area gyms.
I've never had to wait for a cardio machine, and any waiting for a weight machine is brief.
I've only had two different trainers because of my schedule and both have been fantastic!
The las vegas facility, my home gym, does not have shower facilities nor does it have toiletries available.
I love this gym.
So many gyms have managers that just don't care but at eos this isn't the case.
The gym is always clean.
There are lots of cardio and weight machines on the main floor and the classes are downstairs.
Great gym, just need to loose the tanning & bring in a protein bar!
Not only did i re-learn strength training, but also some great nutritional basics to keep me focused on my goals.
I look forward to coming here, and i could not say that about any other gym in the area.
The gym itself has not been a bad experience,  i was misinformed at enrollment.
There is not much selection in the area for gyms but it's not bad.
I only wish they had a basketball courts like la fitness does..
Since la fitness bought all the pure fitness' in phoenix.. it means i can use my membership at la fitness.
Only kickboxing here not a typical gym which was fine with me!
Adequate facility for training bodies.
Chase is the best trainer around.
Trainers:  the trainers here are great.
I love these trainers!
On sundays, the gym provides $5 yoga.
I lift heavy weights.
Women, i urge you to come to this gym and lift heavy weights and get stronger.
You'll have good lean muscle that allow you to eat all the fun foods without gaining fatty weight.
Lifting weights won't make you some massive man-looking lunk.
I have been working out here for 9 months and konor has been my personal trainer.
Are they the cheapest gym around?
If you want to improve in any aspect of physical fitness then hammer crossfit is the place for you!
They offer personal trainers as a part of your membership for no extra cost.
Anyone who has ever worked with a personal trainer knows that this is a huge savings.
The trainers are all amazing and they truly want to see us reach our goals.
This gym is the best gym i've ever been to!
I love all the trainers, and the owners are just fantastic!
Felt muscles i never knew i had (and i workout 3 days a week w trainer).
Small gym with limited equipment.
It's a great smaller ymca with plenty of cardio equipment, weight machines and free weights in the back.
The coaches/trainers and staff are awesome!
The owner, kim and the trainers.. well that's another post because they're that awesome.
You know it's a good workout when our strong trainers get their butts whooped too!!
I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an "in and out" type of gym facility.
Big-ups to snap fitness, hit them up for a free week.
I have been going to this small group fitness club for over a year.
All classes are available to try at no cost, small class size and a touch of personal training!
Which range from cardio to strictly strength training, low impact classes.
I almost forgot, her fitness classes are for everybody!
This part of your training is so helpful in knowing what you can do to reach your personal goals.
Brian helped me get signed up at this gym and he's the best!
I loved his energy, he was clear about everything and even got me to get myself a personal trainer there.
Because of brian i'm honestly super excited with this and i already know i'll be enjoying it at this gym.
Jeff is our trainer, and if you'll pardon my digression, allow me to share with you about jeff.
This is going to be a part of my training for the long term.
Overall, very convenient place to grab a snack or lunch to go after hitting the gym.
This gives me access to the free group fitness classes, with lots of evening options, and a pool.
I've been working out at anytime fitness for the past six months.
Joining this gym was the best decision i made in 2015.
The trainers are great and staff is always quick to say hello.
This is not your regular gym, it's a cool gym!
They motivate and encourage an awesome fitness journey!
This is more than a gym, it's a family!
Its small gym ..
Rob and his wife are excellent owners and their gym is super motivating and exciting.
I highly recommend him as a trainer.
I joined this gym 2 months ago after i saw their promotion on groupon for $25/month.
I like this gym because i can get a quick workout in without being bothered by anybody.
I love this gym!
Lily is an amazing personal trainer.
We have been training together for almost a year and the results are incredible!
I have many friends that use this gym!
5) the group exercises are huge plus when considering this gym vs. others.
I love my gym!
Can't speak for anything else though as far as their fitness portion of the business is concerned.
I definitely recommend this training studio to anyone who is wanting to be there best selves!
I travel a lot for work and am always dropping in various gyms across the country.
The trainers know what they're doing.
Lots of different workouts using weights, bosu balls, treadmill, rowers and trx bands.
So i came inside the greatest cafe in gym history as always do after my workout.
You go there to train and sweat and work hard not talk.
The cardio and weights equipment is plentiful.
A friend of mine is a personal trainer and charges $25 so $20 is pretty reasonable.
Infinitely better than any gym.
I get cardio from treadmill and rowers.
I also get strength training from weights and body weight exercises.
The trainers are awesome.
This is my favourite gym!
It's also super clean and tidy compared to some other gyms i've been to.
I really enjoy the atmosphere of the gym (very clean) and the staffing is great!
I was offered a few free sessions with a personal trainer along with my membership!
I first tried a local gym and then decided to get a personal trainer.
You can't go wrong with having a personal trainer and the folks at vitality are all excellent.
Staying health takes a commitment and that is mutual between you and your trainer.
You can't go wrong with this small and personal gym.
This gym is nice and clean.
I would recommend this gym to my friends.
Love the chill vibe at this gym!
I can also use some weight loss.
I just started at their westlake location and they're getting me on track for slow and steady weight training.
So far i'm very happy with my personal trainer in westlake.
It's like one giant fitness party.
There isn't a single trainer at this gym i wouldn't trust to help me achieve my fitness goals.
It's my first time to enroll in a gym.
I'm still giving planet fitness 5 stars for the facilities but a failing mark in customer service!
Jabz is so fun and awesome for a workout and this location is full of great trainers!
The gym is massive and it only gets cluttered around the free weight area.
Every time i trained with him, i always felt great afterwards.
I not only lost weight, i gained my mobility back!
First time i joined a gym .
They is always equipment and weights available and does not seem to get overly crowded.
Overall, its a nice standard gym with a handful of classes.
The next day i had my first training session with steven.
Jabz is a gym and workout regimen i've actually been able to stick with and look forward to!
This is a great gym for families!
Yes, i can understand how this gym is very expensive compared to other gyms in the area.
I hadn't exercised at all for years when i walked into planet fitness in december 2015.
You can talk to a trainer as much as you want.
I don't think you can find another gym with better value.
The equipment and gym is much cleaner than more expensive alternative.
I wouldn't say planet fitness has the best or most equipment but i do believe they cover all the basics.
I really love my morning workout at this gym!
The best thing in this gym though is another member named pat..pat is awesome and keeps this gym exceptionally clean!
This is a really great gym.
I enjoy the group fitness classes.
I highly recommend this gym!
Great gym great staff.
The ecb instructors evaluate your fitness and ability in your first few classes and train you accordingly.
Vitality is an awesome small gym in central phx that offers personal and group training.
I have been training here for many years with melissa and never get bored with the work outs.
Ask for melissa- she's a great trainer who will encourage and support you while achieving your personal health goals.
I don't care if its an older gym at least the equipment isn't broken.
Let me just say i love this gym !
The weight room is large and has enough equipment during the day.
Some of the equipment in the weight room could be updated.
Cons: -two year contract  -members display a poor understanding of how to organize a weight tree.
Digging through weights to find the actual weight you need isn't how it's supposed to work.
The concept of racking like weights together, although simple, isn't within the grasp of most who step into this gym.
Ft.) this is the most affordable gym in town, believe me i've shopped around!!!
They offer numerous cardio options including treadmills, stair climbers, bicycles, spinning.
A wide array of weight machines for every muscle.
The service here has been extremely welcoming and hospitable since day 1, trainers are friendly and motivational!
The gym is incredibly clean.
A trainer for life!
Our trainer dylan is a true expert at what he does.
Not all the things i'd want to do in a gym
The gym itself is not suitable to my needs compared to the other gyms.
I would say this eos is lower in quality compared to the other eos gyms.
This review is for tangible fitness, right next door.
There's a variety of different people who visit this gym and the staff is very friendly.
Panthro fitness is the best, and i genuinely mean that!
Being that cleveland is my second home i needed a gym that had locations throughout the country.
I've toned down my training and just want to maintain and keep in check my overall health.
Gym is clean, friendly staff and the atmosphere suits me fine.
I like kickboxing but wish a gym somewhere would adopt the 30 min concept without having to buy gloves etc.
I have 3 reasons to like planet fitness.
I was really nervous because i had zero experience with weight lifting and felt really intimidated about it all.
I feel more confident in the gym than i ever have before.
My favorite gym of all times.
While it seems a little pricey compared to other gyms, i feel that it is well worth it.
Keeps me motivated during cardio.
The trainers i have worked with are super friendly and very knowledgeable.
To the person who said the gym smells like sweat, i'm not quite sure what to say.
I do pilates 4 days a week, so the only day i get in my cardio is at otf.
Personal training, fitness testing, triathlon training, and fun wellness contests are also offered.
She is a fantastic trainer.
This was my first time at a 9round gym and it did not disappoint!
The gym environment a+!
Trying to find the gym?
All in all, if i wasn't already part of another gym, i would definitely sign up!
I hate gyms so i have been putting off getting started on working out again.
A friend recommended tf trainers, tyson in particular, and he was exactly what i was looking for.
Joined the gym a month ago and it's definitely not an easy thing to do.
I certainly do not enjoy walking out of the gym with muscle soreness and walking funny.
Then again, i never joined a gym before.
After a year of insane dissapointed at la fitness i finally found a gym that was perfect for my needs.
Top reasons in no order why i love tangible fitness!
No problem, plenty of personal trainers at affordable prices.
Tv's on the treadmills and all cardio equipment, now i can run for days!
I love this gym.
The personal training staff is knowledgeable and the group classes are really fun.
Hands down the best place to train stand up in vegas.
Steve is the owner and main trainer and is amazing, extremely passionate and motivating.
I'm back to my high school weight!
This planet fitness is one that i prefer, even though it is not my "home club.
There are a lot of weight machines.
I found this gym and sent an email.
I feel like i fit in at a crossfit gym.
Best gym i've ever been to and never want to leave.
The gym is one of the better ones ive found in vegas.
It offers plenty of tvs, free weights, cardio and weight machines.
Not only is by far the best trainer i've ever had but is a great friend as well.
He motivates and inspires you to meet and exceed your personal and fitness goals.
I highly recommend him to any one that wants to start their fitness career.
This is a great private personal training studio with educated trainers.
My workouts are planned ahead and my trainer, mike b, always has modifications or adjustments based on my goals.
I love this gym.
He modified workouts on the spot when i had an injury and fills the training times to the fullest.
Ive really enjoyed this gym so far.
I like it because its one of the few gyms that have a basketball court.
Cardio is always a bear if im just on a treadmill or something so thats really nice.
Amazing gym with fun instructors who keep the workouts challenging and interesting.
The instructors as well as classmates make this a gym above the rest.
That's actually how they got me to switch from my old gym
I've been excited about this gym since construction started back in the summer.
This gym has everything i want: pool, sauna, showers (with doors, hallelujah!
), nice staff, basketball court, classes, cycling studio, cinema room, and a decent selection of weights.
So my girlfriends and i have been on a journey to find a work out/fitness place to commit to.
My friend encouraged me to keep going and even the trainer did.
The trainers all have different ways to motivate you.
I even have a elliptical and weights at home that just collect dust.
The price we pay for fitness i guess?
And the weight area is lively, but not super busy.
By far the best gym in the west valley.
It resembles more of a country club than a normal gym.
I use to climb top-rope only so this bouldering gym was a whole new experience for me.
I have been training at thrive fit for the past year.
Thrive fit is a polished client oriented training studio.
He does that through tailored training and can adjust according to the clients needs.
I have not had a gym membership for the past year and don't plan on ever needing one again.
Everything you could ever want in a gym is available here!
Rob and charlotte (the two coaches i train with in the early am) are amazing.
Body weight movements are not only acceptable, but often times all that's required.
Of being in the gym for way too long and way too little results?
The entire process is extremely welcoming to newbies to the fitness world.
The mandel jcc is easily the nicest, most welcoming, and most lavishly equipped gym to which i have ever belonged.
The staff also keeps the facilities absolutely spotless and clean - a fundamental asset for a fitness center!
Though i am not much one for group fitness classes, they are abundant here.
Lots of free weights and cardio machines as well.
It's a safe and non judgmental fitness centre.
Maybe 4 people there when i go and they are mostly doing cardio.
I first heard of pure fitness from a series of unfortunate events.
While i didn't sign up at this pure fitness  location, it became my home gym eventually.
It has an indoor pool and 2 large cardio equipment areas (upstairs and downstairs).
Compared to other gyms in the charlotte area, this one is very clean and spread out.
The lower level houses the fitness classrooms so if you never take one, then you will never see them.
The member base of this gym is sometimes sort of blah.
If you don't mind, getting in and out to do some work, this gym has great equipment, staff and location.
It s a cool gym.
Don't expect hard core gym equipment.
9 round is a great workout with a mix of upper body, lower body, abs and cardio stations or "rounds."
This gym is really nice.
Fitness called me and helped me cancel my membership.
I've been working out with jodee for over two months and love her training!
My trainers name is charles !
Put my personal trainer to shame.
Trainers were all pretty cool, and very knowledgeable.
Price is cheaper than other boxing gyms.
The equipment is always clean and the gym is never overwhelmed.
First being easier access due to not being as packed as other gyms.
The weight room is stocked full of everything you need to kill your body so there are no complaints there.
I'm actually a fan of planet fitness.
I haven't had a bad experience with planet fitness at either of the locations i've been a member that.
Large gym that is well-liked and used by the surrounding community.
The full-time employees at the front desk and independent trainers who lead classes are knowledgable and friendly.
We had so much fun at the little gym!
I recommend the little gym to anyone with an energetic kiddo!
I feel very fortunate to have an olympic quality training facility five minutes from my home.
Trainers are very knowledgeable and don't make you to do a "canned" workout.
The owner laurel has created a great  place to train.
Between the training classes and the seminars, i have found my voice.
I love the 1-on-1 training i get with live jacked.
The atmosphere at live jacked training studio helps me get the most out of my workouts.
I maximize my time at the gym.
Finally found a training regimen and gym for me!
Revfit is great because it's a private gym and only offers personal training.
I feel extremely comfortable and confident because it's usually just me and the trainer.
I train with jason--he's so personable and tailors your routine just for you.
I'd never have gotten to lift the weight i'm at if i tried training on my own.
The trainers are so funny and personable.
I always had a hard time actually getting to the gym and pushing myself.
This was my first time ever doing boxing and i never once felt uncomfortable in jab fitness.
J'habite dans le quartier et on m'a parl de ce gym qui est ouvert 24h/24h.
Oui c'est un gros gym, mais au moins les cours ne sont pas virtuels et le personnel est chouette.
As fitness centers go in the area, lifestyles is one of the best options around.
100% recommend to those looking to reach their fitness goals!
This location has plenty of natural light, which is a refreshing change from many dungeon-like gym facilities.
To me, crossfit i/o is the perfect gym.
At crossfit i/o, you can count on a fun gym environment, with a focus on form.
It's the perfect gym for someone who wants to build muscle and remain safe at the same time.
You don't need any prior experience at weight lifting - just the willingness to learn.
I have been to a fair number of gyms in my lifetime - but never one like crossfit i/o.
Everything is new, the staff is knowledgeable and the trainers there will push you to get in shape.
Great laughs and serious fitness.
Not the best gym but good for the price!
However there are plenty of machines in the main gym area and always cardio machines available.
This is by far the best gym i have ever been to.
I have done circuit training before, and wasn't a huge fan.
A great place to start improving your fitness or find a new challenge.
I love the full-body workouts, both boxing/kickboxing and strength training in one tough fast hour.
The trainers are extremely helpful and encouraging.
They make it challenging and yet it works for every fitness level.
Who needs a gym membership when you can just go here and play?
Since beginning my training with mike jodscheidt in february, i've already gained 20 lbs.
Of lean muscle and reached my fitness goals half way.
Mike provides a challenging, varying training session each and every time.
My wife and i are enjoying getting in shape at this gym.
Nice gym i workout there occasionally with my boyfriend he works out there six days a week.
This gym is for more of the serious lifters.
This is the best gym in town.
I guarantee this gym will whip you into shape and teach you during the process.
Additionally, she strives to create a gym atmosphere and community in which people feel safe, loved, and cared for.
The gym is spacious and pristine with all the equipment and rigs you could ever want!
When i walk into this gym, it doesn't feel like a 'gym', it feels like a second home.
If you are in need of just another globo gym - this is not the place for you.
I am so excited to see this gym grow.
The gym caters to all levels of climbers, from the beginning to the most advanced.
I am new to the neighborhood and to this gym.
I haven't tried the fitness classes yet, but will review them once i do.
What i love most about the workouts is they are great for anyone, at any fitness level.
We came from la fitness.
I feel like ot is great for beginners because the trainers help you.
All of the trainers are amazing, patient, and super friendly.
I had thomas the lead trainer as my trainer today.
Since i started training last year i've dropped my body fat by 7 percentage points.
I went to this gym for the first time.
I love this gym because i do not feel intimated at all.
You can absolutely reach your fitness goals here no matter how big or small.
My favourite classes are meltdown with the foam rolling at the end and personal co-training.
I'm not an athlete but feel better and happier with my health now and can maintain a healthy weight.
So far i've liked the yoga classes and like the gym.
I have been a member of this gym faience it opened a few years ago.
If you want a local gym at a great price you can go wrong with this pf.
Best gym with the most caring passionate trainers around!!
This the newest of planet fitness, and like the others this is 24hr.
They do have some machines that the other planet fitness gyms don't.
If you are like me you don't know how to use the gym.
You may have had a terrible trainer at least once that refused to accept your limits.
You feel awkward in gym clothes.
Or   go to venice fitness prepared to give what it takes.
Be honest during your fitness assessment.
Keeping appointments with your trainer instills discipline you can use later on your own.
Get a trainer emediately.
This is the most expensive part of joining the gym, but for success it's everything.
Sticking to the strict diet i was given after my fitness assessment was not what happened at first.
You don't have to be a super human before you go to the gym to become a super human.
Show up in your dorkishly new gym clothes feeling lazy and discouraged and lumpy.
Blow all your money on the trainer.
Trust that you can become a gym person.
A month ago, i would have seen this as situation as a lucky get out of gym free card.
I'm a gym person in three weeks.
Keep punching is, without question, the most positive, upbeat and motivating gym i have ever experienced.
The professional--and i do mean professional--boxing staff provide unbelievable training and coaching in a completely supportive environment.
Nice place nestled inside of life time fitness.
Great workout.. great price.. mostly good trainers.
Gym staff is always friendly and kindly greet you every time you walk in.
The gym itself is a good size.
They have many different cardio machines, exercise machines, and free weights.
In the weight room they have two squat racks and a deadlift platform with bumper plates.
The gym is always clean and the bathrooms have showers.
Firstly, you should know that i hate gyms.
This gym is simply wonderful.
The owner is also a trained pilates instructor so you can combine both a work out and pilates.
I couldn't recommend fitness in motion more highly
This club is always clean, smells nice, lots of stock, and a low turnover of trainers.
This is premium club; not a gym.
Been going for 3 months and will never join any other gym again!
The trainers are nice and very supportive.
Educated staff and great trainer to athlete ratios.
What makes this gym stand out from other gyms in charlotte is the sense of community.
If you want cardio and not free weights then this place is a good bang for the buck gym.
People who complain about the place not having free weights are idiots.
Tangible also owns tangible fitness next door, an equally gorgeous space that houses a fitness gym.
I haven't tried this gym yet, but plan to try it soon and return with my review.
Great fitness classes for all levels!
The classes are very challenging but the trainers always give modifications if necessary!
Good gym , just gets really crowded and would be better if it didn't have many restrictions on equipment.
I really love my planet fitness gym; very happy with the overall experience.
And it is clean  i left la fitness because the locker rooms were filthy.
Weight) driven, which in this case only tells part of the story.
Admittedly, i am not a fitness expert, but this is what makes sense to me.
Plenty of machines, cardio equipment and benches available.
Weights were racked and in their proper place.
And yes i was a non- fitness middle aged gal.
Love kim, the owner, and all the trainers.
This gym is great for anyone who is interested in doing crossfit.
I laid off weights for a while and concentrated on healing and flexibility.
I have done boot camps, and individual training sessions.
Marty is my guy, and i would never cheat on him with another trainer.
I had a sheet where i recorded my weight, and certain stats on a weekly basis which i enjoyed doing.
1:1 training is as good as any high end gym personal trainer, and costs significantly less.
They are also very kid friendly with a kid room full of toys and window out into the gym.
I really enjoy this gym.
The staff and trainers are friendly and helpful.
It is not overly crowded and being smaller it is much more comfortable and quiet than the large gyms.
I would definitely recommend anytime fitness.
Great gym with a great atmosphere and staff.
Charles howard is a great trainer.
Carlos zarate is an amazing trainer and i recommend him!
It is challenging, works all body parts, the trainers are great motivators and everyone is really nice.
My new gym home away from home.
It's got all the usual gym stuff... bikes, treadmill, machines.
We started with the top rope orientation, got a tour of the gym and did a bit of bouldering.
All trainers are professional.
As far as the gym goes, never used it!
It's the best small kenpo , jiu jitsu , kickboxing gym in town .
Love my new gym bag and clean gym.
I like this gym.
It's my go to gym.
Especially love the 360 room with the ropes, kettle bells, and weighted balls.
The trainers really take it to the next level.
The gym has an amazing amount of equipment.
Essentially, the facility itself and group fitness classes are great.
Great boot camp, great training.
Awesome workouts and programming, well trained staff and the great clientele make attending gilbert crossfit so much fun!
I love the weight equipment and the squash courts.
Good for beginners and experienced weight lifters.
Any fitness level is able to complete these workouts.
One of my favorite gyms in vegas!
Ps, they have a women's gym!
My son has been going to little gym scottsdale for almost a year now.
This is by far my favorite crossfit gym in the valley!
For $10/month this is a great no frills gym.
Great clean gym with lots of equipment!
I absolutely love fastfit boxing and i have absolutely no complaints about the gym itself, just the price lol.
People of every fitness level attend and i even went to a class with a family and their young son.
I've been a member of a crossfit gym for years.
Trevor and mike are some of the best owners, trainers, athletes and people i've ever met.
This is a really good place for someone who is interested in group training with in-shape people.
Come to this gym at least five days a week.
I would recommend this gym to anyone for the convenience and friendly staff.
The gateway y has about 30 treadmills, 15 bikes, and 10 other cardio machines, all stationed in front of tvs.
It also has an adequate amount of weightlifting equipment.
100% my favorite fitness class i've ever taken.
I'm personally looking forward to another power rack and better floors in the weight area.
Was in vegas for a conference and decided to take classes and train at this studio.
There are three sections to the studio: pole, silks/other aerial, and looks like ground training.
I've been training at live jacked for about a year now, and have never looked back.
It's a great studio that fosters friendship within the clients and trainers and encourages you to make better lifestyle decisions.
I train with brian, who is very knowledgeable, always focuses on form, and pushes me to the next level.
I've had plenty of trainers from 24 hour gym ones to "reputable" none of them could do the job!
Are you tired of the everyday gym routine?
Dc fit las vegas is the gym that works your entire body.
This is not like any other combat/hiit/boxing gym.
Clean bathroom, clean gym, and decent prices!
Working out is the highlight of my day since i joined planet fitness!
The machines are just as effective as at any other gym.
Excellent team, trained here for almost 6 years now.
Great cardio workout to keep the weight off!
They have machines to improve your health even if you're not training.
Can't wait to switch my home gym to this location.
I really enjoy the gym!
I started in 2007 with zumba and got hooked to coming to the gym everyday.
I have also tried water aerobics, cycling, and a group weight training class.
Overall, i would definitely recommend this gym to everyone, especially if you have kids!
This gym is solid.
I have a feeling as long as we're living in this area we will be at this gym.
The trainers know what they are doing.
You utilize everything; weighted balls, playground balls, magic circles & the springwall.
I have been training with dave for over 3 years- the longest i have ever stuck with a fitness routine.
He is knowledgeable, motivating & helps outline and reach goals- whether it be fitness, nutrition or injury rehabilitation.
The auto belay section is great for warming up, cooling down or just doing some endurance training.
Also, another crossfit gym in the meck area was started by ultimate alumni.
A few of us moms and dads gets to train with our children for strength and conditioning, speed and agility.
Coach gavic is awesome with modifying training for us adults since we can't keep up with our speedy children.
Lots of gyms don't allow parents to train with their children.
Just amazing training by coach david gavic.
Coach gavics personal training is also amazing.
If you want results you gotta train insane and sidney will definitely challenge you everyday with his workouts.
Have you ever walked into a gym and felt extremely uncomfortable??
The equipment is above par and the trainers are so kind and helpful.
Great place great gym even better trainers!!
Plenty of cardio machines, all with tvs.
Lots of strength training equipment.
They usually have good, commercial free, workout music playing inside the whole gym.
Lifetime fitness is still the best gym that i have ever been to.
I use to live in southern california and went to a 24 hour fitness super sport.
They regularly change the boards in the saunas (my last gym did not).
They have plenty of equipment for cardio, weight lifting, and even crossfit type workouts.
Compared to other gyms i have tried, lifetime gives you the most bang for your buck.
This locally owned gym provides a luxury feeling at an affordable rate.
The gym is never too busy and you rarely have to wait to use a piece of equipment.
The staff is generally friendly and they will answer any questions you have regarding fitness, or a workout.
The trainers (especially nais!)
When you get there, the trainers greet you (even when they're working with other people) walk in.
It's very clean- the trainers wipe down/clean up after each round...
Everyone's really a blast and i've never before had so much fun at a gym.
Over all it is good gym, i have beening working out here for 5 years.
When i first started, i received a tour of the gym and a consultation.
This is an amazing new gym!
And my trainer, natalie, is like a date with my bestie!
Very rewarding for a 69-year-old guy (refuse to hit 70 with a pot belly) who never enjoyed the 'gym'.
No matter where you are physically, you will have a place in meek bleek fitness.
I initially had some problems with the gym, but the gym manager helped me out.
The gym can get packed sometimes, but it is with people who are serious about fitness.
It is the customers and management who make this gym.
Price is similar to most gyms.
Personal training is fairly priced and they are based on contract.
There is a private female area and gym classes.
I've been coming to david and holly's gym since september, when they moved to their new location on acoma drive.
I love the privacy of the gym, along with the excellent training (hard, but worth it) and their encouraging words.
A first class facility with excellent trainers.
You have to check this gym out!
Circus training...for normal people (ish)...for real.
His gym is top notch.
The respect and discipline some other gyms who only focus on fighting lack these days.
If you are looking for a personal trainer, tyson is the best!
Clean,   /gym+ taning booth+hydromassage   for $20 / month/  -  not to meantion affordable!
My husband has been going to this gym for about 4 months now and is addicted.
As a beginner at this gym i really "felt the love".
The prices at this gym are more reasonable than most in the area.
The gym is easily accessible from the highway and has ideal private parking lot.
I would highly recommend this crossfit gym.
I been for going to this gym for about 4 years now.
If you are looking for a great gym with a friendly and inclusive environment this is the place.
It's your standard gym.
My only gripe early on was the gym was over crowded.
Since the opening of a few new gyms to the area it has thinned out the herd.
I have been with panthro fitness for over 5 yrs.
Through my weakest & my strongest..physically & emotionally..reggie & his trainers have been there.
First off, i'm going to lead off with the fact that this is a gym.
Not a spa, not a fitness club, not an athletic club, it's a gym.
The gym recently got new cable machines and free weights.
I love their free weights because you can actually read them and know what you're picking up.
I don't use the cardio much but when i do, i never have a problem with anything.
In this room, there are the rock walls, cardio equipment and weight equipment.
I loved that he mixed in cardio, weights, stretching and hiit training into the 1 hr session.
He isn't your average trainer...be prepared to be impressed.
Great gym to workout at, i tried many places and the instructor is certified and is great.
A lot of other gyms time cap you on every work out.
Most of the workouts here at this gym last about an hour and half or more depending on the workout.
You do get your moneys worth here and the prices are very reasonable compared to the other gyms in town.
My son has been going to the little gym of scottsdale for about a year now.
Clean gym, usually not a huge line for equipment.
This is a five star review for austin f. a personal trainer.
He is very personable and we made create progress in getting my strength training back up and running.
Also, a shout out to russ who i believe is the director of personal training.
Went there to try a new gym after mine closed.
It's circuit training, music blasting, coach had a headset and another coach helping out.
A good cardio class!
Self made is unlike any other gym!
The one on one you get with your trainer is the best!
I've been training with amanda f. for months now and she is everything !
What greeted me on the other side of the fitness together door was better than i could have dreamed.
So far, i have trained with 4 different trainers, and each has been very good.
All in all, i'm super pleased with fitness together.
This planet fitness location is a bit small, but i do like all the new equipment!
Overall, nice and clean gym.
They should encourage the opposite whereas other gyms have juice & smoothie bars on site.
Planet fitness is a good neighborhood gym and you can't beat the price!
So far this has been a great gym!
That being said, the cardio machines are great and make cardio not as terrible as it normally is.
The best juice bar you'll ever find on any gym hands down.
I have been to two different gyms in town and have experienced approximately 8 different instructors.
In each class there are very fit folks and those starting (or restarting) their fitness journey.
The trainers are here to assist with exercise form and keep the class moving.
I've seen all ages and fitness levels pushing themselves at this gym.
This studio is better than the gym.
Also, none of that yucky gym smell!
You couldn't ask for a better gym for the price.
There's weights to lift and a sauna that's hot.
Classes will consist of floor workouts with weights, water rower and treadmills.
Love that the machines are spread out compared to other gyms.
Great gym for the price!
The trainers are amazing and the workouts seem to fly by with the upbeat music and positive reinforcements.
The gym area itself is very clean, and the women's locker room is very well laid out.
They offer awesome classes that help you reach your fitness goals.
Almost a 24/7 gym, which is very nice.
Crowd is older for a fitness center, but i think that's a good thing.
Maybe three total members that have the lafitness look (curls, curls, mirror look, and more curls!)
Seems like they constantly improve their gym in some manner.
Great place for raw, hardcore training!
Great place to work out, energetic staff, and fun to lose weight and learn techniques.
Absolutely love this gym!
I am early raiser so finding a gym that opens at 430 isn't always easy but is a requirement.
The gym has a good number of treadmills and most of the equipment anyone would need.
Trainers and staff are friendly and truest help make the whole vibe of the gym just a good time.
Can't recommend this gym enough!
Pretty good, no frills gym for a great price.
You get workout equipment, weights, and cardio equipment in one big open box.
One of the trainers, ryan, is great and knowledgeable, had him for a few sessions.
The gym is pretty clean and they have wipes and purell available to keep the germs down.
I love my personal trainer in westlake!
Self made training facility and the best trainer tiffany make working out fun!
Try out this gym and some of the kind motivated trainers.. you won't regret it!
Chris truly cares about the members and doesn't charge hidden fees like many other gyms in the state.
Just signed up with planet fitness and i love it so far!
There are so many cardio machines, free weights, ab machines and a strength training section.
It is very clean inside the gym and seems brand new.
Great gym at a great price!
I know that they're just trying to get me to the fitness level that i want to achieve.
Rory, my one on one trainer, is amazing.
The owner is just a delight and all the trainers are professional and great.
Tons of natural light...great choices for cardio, free-weights, training classes and individual training.
I joined their weight loss challenge and have upped my workouts to 3-4 times/week.
I've lost weight, but i've also started toning, which is really important to me.
The workouts are intense, but the trainers, music, and energy in the room makes it doable and fun!
It's been a while since there's been a climbing gym up north.
This gym is huge.
The gym wraps around the whole building with a giant boulder for topping out in the middle.
Being canada's biggest bouldering gym has a lot to live up to, but i think the hub did it right.
This is the best fitness facility.
Kickboxing, strength training, nutriion, all in one package--it's like getting a personal trainer but doesn't cost as much.
I wanted a gym close to my apartment that wasn't crowded and wasn't big chain gym.
Through yelp i found this gym and am absolutely in love with it!
His wife deb runs a great class on saturdays that is free for gym members.
You'll feel completely comfortable going to this gym everyone is so nice and welcoming.
I highly recommend a personal training session and the boot camp class.
I work a 9-to-5 job and the gym it's my schedule perfectly.
The trainer's are all great.
"q" has very intense sessions; his workouts are not routine like some of the other trainers.
I really enjoy working out at anytime fitness henderson.
I highly recommend anytime fitness henderson.
I really enjoy their focus and dedication to our fitness goals through otf - summerlin!
Excellent gym and excellent staff.
Eos fitness - pecos/russell  first off, i have not had a session at this gym during peak hours.
That being said, i really like this gym because it's clean, quiet, spacious and there's a ton of equipment.
This is the newest eos fitness in las vegas.
You will not have a problem finding a weight that suits you.
Even better, this gym has 4 sets of 100 lb.
As for their cardio equipment, there's a lot of that stuff too.
Overall, i am a fan of this gym and look forward to my next workout here.
As of now i'm 20-25 lbs away from my goal weight so there's definitely a lot of work to do.
It is different than any other gym i have been to.
They have great trainers that take you and your goals seriously.
Ask for travis if you are looking for a trainer.
I have been wanting to get back in shape and a regular gym is just boring to me.
Glad i found jab fitness through a groupon deal.
Eos is a an amazing gym!!
I switched to here from another downtown gym and couldnt be happier.
Really fantastic little gym!
You'd think in a small gym you'd feel self consciousbut it's the exact opposite here.
If you're looking for a huge corporate gym with all the bells and whistles his won't be the place.
I love this gym.
Michelles commit class on tuesday morning is a great way to reach your cardio goals, build stamina, and have fun!
Tim is a fantastic trainer.
Le gym est  2 pas de chez moi, ce qui est super pratique pour se motiver!
They have an amazing team of trainers who are friendly and encouraging.
I am glad that i found this gym.
The gym is nice and big and also super clean!
Six months later, two different gyms, and a zillion different fitness attempts, i was back.
And the membership price is way less than a gym membership and a trainer.
Most of all, i don't dread going to the gym.
I would definitely recommend koko to anyone looking for a great place to start their fitness journey.
He trains people of all levels and knows how to custom it for your body type, skill level and strength.
The gym is way bigger than i thought and has everything & more.
Reminds me of the original gold's gym at its prime but nicer.
I have been taking both of my girls to the little gym for almost 8 years.
I began my training 6 weeks ago after a year of not attending the gym.
I've achieved all these results going to his gym 3-4x per week.
6. who better to learn from than a vegan nutritionist and physical trainer!
They don't care how many reps you get done if you look like a crossfitter instead of a legitimate weightlifter.
Lake day trips, supporting our coaches in weightlifting competitions.
Sidney wilson is the trainer to go to in las vegas.
The gym is clean, large and beautifully equipped.
The drop in prices were about average what it would cost to drop into a gym as a non-member.
The instructors will keep you motivated as you bounce between the treadmill, the rowing machines, and the weight area.
You'll do trx bands, traditional weight moves, all-out sprints, ab roll-outs, you name it.
This is not your dungeon bouldering gym like so many places around the world.
One of the best bouldering gyms i've been to.
Check it out if living in or need training in the area.
Bonus points--the gym is in a super convenient location if you work downtown.
Les coach sont attentionns et focus beaucoup sur la technique en entrainement crossfit !
I love shape training!
Can't say enough great things about shape training, and i'm also looking forward to the new space.
However, this is by far one of the most pleasant gyms i've been to.
I can't believe i put up with  the dirty rundown crappy gyms (la fitness) for so long!
Jab fitness is more than just a gym.
That, and the personal training there is way better than at any other gym.
Jenn spencer is an amazing trainer, but she is also an incredible massage therapist!
It is not about looking pretty for someone else (though certainly you will look much better after training with jenn).
Go to jab fitness.
Great gym, excellent classes.
The instructors put you to work and take the time to properly train.
He pushed the personal trainer and diet but i declined, too rich for my blood.
Do i have all the details and am i one of those gymbro einsteins that knows about macro's?
The facility has everything i need to train.
I'm very happy to be part of a gym that really takes care of me and my wife.
During the day the weight room is fairly empty and easy to move from area to area.
Same applies to the upstairs where the cardio and machine based training resides.
During the evening it can be fairly crowded in the weight room.
I have been a member at this gym since 2009.
They offer a variety of gym equipment.
I pay a very reasonable price for this gym compared to other bigger gyms.
The bigger gyms i have been to does have a shower but it's filthy.
This class really delivers a great workout, and the trainers totally make it enjoyable.
The trainers remember your name, and they really do a great job at helping you out with the exercise routines.
I have done lifetime fitness (gilbert), snap fitness, stick2itfitness, studiofit, and la fit.
Jodi and michael have created a one-of-a-kind community - so much more than just a gym.
Freedom fitness is a great place to work out.
If you want "foo foo"  this is not your gym.
Hawks gym is a "mens club" .
The gym part is secondary to what it is.
If he had wanted to use a real gym, las vegas athlethic club is right beside it.
I joined eos fitness in may and have enjoyed being a gym member there.
They also have a female only exercise, weight, and stretching room, which i love!
The group fitness room is nice too, though depending on the class it can get quite crowded.
I don't lift, so my review of their equipment is only for the cardio.
Their cardio equipment is pretty updated & clean.
I really like eos fitness, love their group classes, and think this membership is an awesome bargain.
I love this gym.
The gym is small but has enough space to get done everything i want.
The uptown powerstation has all the right elements for a 5 star gym!
Orange theory is the best gym ever!!!
I never liked the feeling of big gyms and always felt intimidated.
I love this gym, especially the training staff.
The classes run by the fitness trainers are excellent, the zumba classes are fun and very challenging.
This is a smaller gym which offers a friendly atmosphere and is maintained in good condition.
My trainers are glen and brittany, but sunny, laura and bruno are wonderful too.
On a positive note, i feel stronger, healthier and more fit since working with a trainer.
I've been training with sid for nearly 2 months and i can definitely see and feel the difference.
His personal training has also helped me get stronger and more controlled when i am practicing pole.
Decided as a new years resolution (one i plan on sticking to), to join a gym!
Planet fitness is a great gym at a inexpensive cost.
I enjoy that it is a 24/7 gym because it definitely allows me to go regardless of my changing schedule.
They offer group training sessions, that are challenging and fun!
Some of the machines/free weight area can get pretty packed in the early evening though.
I have been coming here since the baseline la fitness closed.
I love my gym.
I am here 5 days s week and have a personal trainer tyler.
He is the best trainer.
After a couple months of physical therapy, i was sooooooo ready to get back into the gym.
Not only is he a great trainer, but i can also call him my friend.
Lifepower added alpha training (similar to cross training) about a year ago if you are into that.
My new favorite gym!
Dylan is the lead trainer and he is an expert on how to workout safely to avoid injury.
Nice friendly staff, who take the time and train you, so you can be safe.
I was able to schedule my first workout according to my schedule and had one-on-one training on my first visit.
I have seen amazing progress in both body and mind since starting this gym.
I recommend this gym highly because they take care of you!
The gym is smaller in size which helps keep the atmosphere friendly and well kept.
The main floor has cardio machines which may be busy from time to time.
I never use the personal trainers and they don't hassle you to sign up with their programs.
Clean facility, great equipment, a challenging workout and a knowledgable and motivating trainer.
Been going to this gym for the past few months and i can't recommend it enough!
24/7 access, always clean (and the other gym goers take pride in keeping it clean), and the staff are incredible.
This gym has every amenity you could want in a gym.
There's only one problem, its packed during peak times worst than any other gym ive gone to.
You see, i have a few friends who raaaaave about this crossfit gym.
And, i'll admit, i was a little intimidated when i first thought of trying out this seemingly bare bones gym.
Let me tell you, it's a hell of a workout with awesome trainers.
If you want to get stronger with some great people and stellar trainers, try ultimate crossfit.
Derek, the owner, is an amazing person and trainor.
My experience training with sidney has been nothing short of amazing!
We have been going to this gym for a couple months now.
Absolutely the perfect gym for me!
This is what i was looking for in a gym.
Thank you pf for providing a gym with a clear and positive attitude.
Who: for all levels of fitness... the first class is free, so hurry and check it out!
What: i have been a member of this gym for a year already.
What does this gym have to offer?...
What doesn't this gym have to offer?!
On a daily basis, there are boxing, kickboxing, mma, kid's classes, and personal training classes you are able to take.
In addition to the classes, i just love the positive energy and encouragement of the trainers at this gym.
No gym does that.
Few peers at a gym do that.
I've dropped my other gym membership and plan on sticking with 9round.
The trainers stop by each station and show you what to do - they make it very novice-friendly.
The trainers are super-friendly, encouraging and helpful.
I would consider myself a non-competitive well rounded cross training athelete.
I rotate my workout between yoga, weight training, and crossfit (where i typically get frequent and nagging injuries).
Workouts are difficult cardiovasculary...but not too hard to complete.
Trainers offer modifications to enhance or decrease the intensity based on the athleticism of each participant.
3 things i like:  1) the trainers remember your name and use it throughout the workout.
The trainers are super nice and make everyone feel welcome.
I plan on sliding 9rounds into my training routine a couple times a week to supplement yoga and lifting.
Vitality health and fitness is a small gym that offers personal fitness, group fitness and fitness classes.
The classes and the training programs are all varied, challenging, unique and fun.
Ascend also has a small weight area/gym and provides yoga classes.
She is not only knowledgeable about trx but she is knowledgable about all types of fitness.
One of the key elements of making this gym so great is the customer service provided by brittany.
I kind of fell off the wagon going to the gym because it started to get boring.
This isn't a typical group fitness dance workout, it's an experience!
Trying to train for a marathon and don't wanna run in the heat?
Check out cosmopolitan's fitness center.
I've been training consistently with sidney for about 3 months now.
Good place for training!
This is by far my favorite gym.
I couldn't recommend this gym enough.
Large gym with lots of equipment.
Ladies gym room too!
I've been coming here since it was gold's gym.
Still my fav gym in town.
I was introduced to this gym by an amazing friend at work!
There staff is so nice and not all snobby like some crossfit gyms.
This class has helped myself and my sitter shed that baby weight and quick.
This is the best gym in henderson, it's clean, quiet and the equipment always works smoothly.
He is an amazing trainer.
I went into sidneys gym not knowing what to expect but am so glad i finally gave it a shot.
Sidney has taught me so many things within the past weeks i've trained with him.
The atmosphere at sidney wilson personal training isn't your typical gym.
He trains girls of all levels with all different body types.
The only word to describe his training is #vicious, but so worth it !
Incredibly organized crossfit style gym.
Friendly and knowledgeable trainers that keep the class moving forward, great stretching before and after the workouts.
Top notch facility with bootcamp style and barbell crossfit style classes to fit a large variety of fitness types.
Hard to get a lane in the pool during swim lessons  slammed today  great gym!
That's why i don't workout often at public gyms.
I don't like grunting, juiced up meatheads and this isn't a meathead gym.
Serious about fitness but willing to help you out.
Most gyms focus on isolations, this program includes exercises to improve general fitness and conditioning.
It's a fitness playgound for adults.
This gym is good value for the money, in my opinion.
The instructors here are more coaches than trainers.
Dynamic conditioning is all the rave these days, but this gym approaches working out with the right attitude.
This place is perfect for those looking to switch up their fitness routine.
I am a gym failure, or should i say, i was.
Needless to say, i packed on weight.
I signed up for the foundation session (two weeks) and was humiliated and humbled by my fitness status.
I love the gym, fellow xfitters but most of all the supportive coach, marques and owners, jodi and michael.
I travel a bit for work and i have been to crossfit gyms in belgium, cambodia and the uk.
Lots of ages, body types, and fitness levels and lots of kindness.
I would definitely come back to train here again when visiting vegas.
Most gyms feel like a meat market, this place feels like family.
I'd highly recommend this to anyone- all of the trainers seem great.
Had two different trainers who were both awesome and very welcoming.
I  was looking for fitness training then i found this place through social media.
I attended couple of class and trainers are really good.
One of the best gyms i been to and been to many.
The price to quality of the gym is amazing.
The gym quality is great they have many equipments and there is always space to work out .
Definitely people should joint this gym way better than the price of goodlife
My daughter loves going and often asks when she gets to go back to the little gym each week.
Truly, the little gym avon gets 5 stars... it is a must!
The staff is great and the daily schedule is full of fitness and martial arts classes.
I joined this gym a couple years ago.
I had never worked out at a gym before, and didn't know what to expect.
This gym is relatively roomy, has a lot of cardio and strength training machines, and has good hours.
Absolutely fantastic gym (i refuse to call them box's).
I travel a ton and have been to 40+ cf gyms since starting in early 2009.
And when there is no scheduled class they have open gym.
We originally started going for my boys to improve their fitness before the upcoming football season.
You'll also find a small selection of benches and hand weights and a small area to stretch.
Just joined this gym and i love it!!
My sister said this is one of the best climbing gyms she's been to.
Nothing  bad about this gym!
I have tried boot camps and the big gym.
The trainers at ultimate crossfit do a great job with all levels of experience and endurance.
Knowledgable, motivating trainers deliver a thorough, butt-kicking high-energy workout set to an awesome playlist!
We left eos for a "better gym" and not even 2 weeks later we came back.
There is no bull shit just cut and dry exactly what it is, a gym.
Not many gyms can say that.
I would have a pretty decent level of fitness before attempting classes.
I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to lose weight.
If you think this small, personalized gym is just for the "big" boys, guess again.
On location they sell water, all sorts of cute and high quality gym clothing and have a nice, large bathroom.
I joined this planet fitness before they opened and am very happy i did.
Eric, the trainer is very knowledgeable.
Check out eva's piloxing class if your looking for some extra cardio.
Excellent facilities, valuable programs - fitness and cultural, good instructors, and the customer service has improved tremendously.
Overall if you can see pass everything above, this gym is a good one.
Alain and david are also great fitness instructors.
I switched to this gym 2 months ago.
This is my 4th crossfit gym and i think it's a good one.
And there's even a bunch of shiny gym equipment if yoga's not your only form of exercise.
I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to lose weight, get tone, or even just want a better booty!
Kelly gibson is an outstanding trainer.
Kelly is not only a personal trainer but she is a human who cares about her client's success.
Kelly is not an ego bubbling trainer.
The trainers are educated.
Probably (my opinion) the best gym around.
The gym is open 24/7 which helps me work around my schedule.
Great gym, a little pricey compared to other gyms, but well worth the money (if you go consistently).
We love this planet fitness - especially because they keep everything extremely clean.
This gym will give you one of the best workouts around.
Glove game is not your typical fancy-shmancy scottsdale gym.
It's a place where you can be yourself and where your trainer pushes you to the limit.
I love panthro fitness!
Who doesn't like a great gym with affordable prices to workout at with amazing people?
I met with thomas a lead trainer, he was super awesome.
He helped me out with setting me up for my training plan.
Definitely recommend coming to this gym, great location right off the 215 on eastern.
They hold daily bootcamps, group and personal trainings, and are constantly looking for ways to better themselves and their clients.
Would recommend them and their gym to anyone!
I had a heart valve replacement and after that i said bye bye fatso, and joined pure fitness.
The best thing i like about the gym is the staff.
I've made some good friendships at pure fitness and look forward to making more friends as time goes on.
Trevor is a really great trainer.
The place is very clean and everyone is friendly..this is a must check out gym.
I have been a lifetime fitness member since july 2010.
This is a small gym fully equipped with a variety of machines and weights.
The value you get for your money is better than any gym.
Go to matt if you are looking for a trainer i have lost 25 pounds with him.
Having a trainer definitely gives you accountability and makes you show up.
I love that it feels like a gym.
Ping pong table, fitness machines, snack bar, kitchenette area, etc.
The gym equipments are clean, relaxing steam sauna and hot tub are few things i must mention.
Lots of cardio machines .. lots of weights.
I've done "cross fit" and i've had trainers in the past but the focused guidance at panthro is top notch.
Self made has been an incredible training facility.
My girlfriend and i have been partner training there and our experience is awesome!
The trainers are very encouraging and have welcomed us with open arms!
Highly recommend both the facility for training and definitely tiffany if you're looking for someone who will hold you accountable!
I'm clueless, uncoordinated and awkward when it comes to fitness.
I love this gym.
It is great for morning training and the staff is incredibly friendly.
Good job planet fitness.
Fortitude fitness is my new gym home that helps me with my health goals.
I originally joined in november for the holiday fitness competition which includes a meal plan, group training and progress check-ins.
The various pricing is great compared to other class-driven gyms and worth every penny.
Josh with meek bleek fitness has been great.
Keep up the great work meek bleek fitness!
This gym really hits the spot by being 24/7.
Update: fit for less and other mega 24-7 hour  gyms have caught on, but those weren't options when i joined.
The gym is never too full as well, even in weekday evenings.
The crowd is a good mix of working adults, college-age peeps, and seniors of all fitness levels.
The gym is consistently clean.
Best of all - no annoying trainers milling about, giving unsolicited advice and selling packages.
Double best of all - this is no basement gym, and has plenty of windows and natural lighting.
I enjoy there personal training and 24hr availability.
Overall a very good gym and will continue working out here!
The free weights, machines, locker rooms, and also a spin classroom are located downstairs.
Awesome gym and awesome staff.
I am a member of crossfit in my hometown and wanted to continue training during my trip.
I am really grateful that crossfit toronto let me train with them.
The gym is probably best described as a bit 'old school'.
My training session went really well.
A real big thanks to angela - she is an awesome trainer and a great person.
I am 83 years old, have mobility issues, and getting to a gym posed a problem.
When i found traveling trainers i was thrilled.
It's my first time to visit planet fitness.
I like it that the gym equipment are brand new.
Remember though, it is a boxing gym, not life time fitness.
But i am sure none of the trainers what you to pass out, or go beyond your physical limit.
The trainer i had yesterday will most likely be the guy i work with if/when i do one-on-one training.
All sizes, ages, and fitness levels can get something out of this gym.
They also offer group training sessions and personal training.
All the trainers make sessions (personal or group) personalized to your needs and abilities.
They really take time to get know what you want out of your gym experience.
The trainers are very awesome!
Thank you little gym!
Overall i love my gym.
My only disappointment is the cardio equipments cleanliness late at night.
My kids love going to the classes at the little gym.
Overall, a great place to workout and get things done in the gym!
I've been working with ben as my personal trainer.
But it's less about that and more about technique at this gym.
In bootcamp they go through all the movements, drills,  weight lifting techniques (olympic/clean/jerk/snatch) that are essential to crossfit.
All the trainers are great and encourage you the entire workout!
A good selection of gym equipment that is kept in excellent condition.
Thanks for being an awesome gym!
Did the fitness challenge and it was great.
You come to get trained!
Garrison fitness has moved from its grovers avenue location to the 51st avenue location!
So i'm moving over my review here so everyone can know how amazing this personal training is!!
She is everything a personal trainer should be and more!
And stick with the training and meal plans she creates specifically to meet your needs, you will see results!
I have always been so leery of "personal trainers".
I mean, for the investment of training sessions, i better be the only client at the time!
I have never heard of a trainer who actually works out, let alone run with their clients.
I cannot wait to see how much more my body will change throughout my fitness journey.
Training with olivia, i know my results will be nothing short of amazing.
This is true personal training at a fraction of the cost.
You choose the style of fitness you want, and your workout program will be designed specifically for you.
I paid the gym fees  cancelled the gym  paid again and cancelled again.
Gym life isn't for me and after an accident i need serious motivation and guidance.
I think planet fitness is the best gym out there right now.
I really think i'm going to join a planet fitness in my area.
She is an amazing trainer.
I mean, whose gym is it, anyway?
Looking for a new gym was depressing me!
Finding a comparable gym will not be easy or fun!
Garage kru fitness is awesome!
It feels like i'm more part of a family than a gym.
I highly recommend this gym for all.
I have been a member of la fitness for over 15 years.
The gym is always kept clean  and have a friendly staff.
I highly recommend this gym.
The trainers are nice and friendly.
Mike j / jacked training studio to the rescue!
The training instructors are beyond knowledgable in their field and motivate you...
Coach gave great feedback and the gym, while smallish, was well-equipped, clean and well-organized.
Much cheaper than doing personal training, averages out to $12 per class as opposed to $50-$70 for pt.
Definitely contact her if you're looking for a trainer!
My trainer, steven, is such a great guy.
If you're looking for a gym that provides everything you need to be successful in reaching your fitness goals (i.e.
Anytime fitness is a really fantastic place to workout!
I had previously given lifetime fitness in goodyear a 5 star rating.
Neither myself nor my husband have ever had to wait for cardio or strength equipment.
I haven't taken a class yet but have observed a few while lifting weights and they seem to be worthwhile.
Updating to compliment how clean this gym is on a consistent basis.
Such a nice gym!
The staff at this gym were amazing.
This gym is no frills, and i love it.
Lol  but, the number one thing that keeps me at this gym is my amazing personal trainer.
I have worked with a couple of trainers in the past, but none with his care, dedication and personalized plans.
After a snafu with my billing recently, gym staff actually went above and beyond to correct the situation.
Between the convenience, price, and training, they have me so hooked, i'm out here preaching to others!
This was by far the best gym i've ever been too.
It works for every fitness level.
Okay, let me just fitness-geek out for a second here.
Always happy to be the canary in a fitness coal mine, and in this case, i struck gold.
This gym is really awesome!!!
I def recommend this gym!!
I want to lose weight and time and firm.
He's awesome and so is this gym!
This is a bare bones xfit style gym.
There's a great deal of camaraderie amongst gym members.
My longtime trainer, eric is here now, and while i bitch about no ac, we do work!
I hate gyms and i don't particularly love to work out.
Deft the best training facilty in las vegas.
-combo cardio & strength.
I tend to do a lot of cardio-focused (like spinning) and avoid strength training.
I highly recommend this gym!
I came to la fitness with a wall built up about twenty feet high.
Will this gym ultimately be a five star experience?
Thanks again la fitness and keep up the good work.
Best gym in the west valley!
I am huge fan of this gym even when it was gold's gym.
I like the wide variety of fitness classes that they have like zumba.
Anytime fitness is not like all those other gyms the atmostpher like family besides being very clean.
Jason is not just a fabulous trainer, but he's my therapist as well!
It was great to see a new gym in my downtown neighborhood.
I think the one thing that bugs me about going to the gym is there not very clean.
I believe the gym is a place to respect your body  so respect your gym and clean up after yourself.
Keep in mind the other people that are there to respect their body and use the gym also.
Free massage chairs, hydro massage machines, infrared light weight loss booths.
And a lounge area, i'm not at the gym to lounge.
Provides the calorie burn to lose weight and the training to build strength.
This gym is a good value.
I love the accountability and sense of family there at the gym.
Trainers seem to know there stuff.
The gym is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful.
I've been going to instinct fitness for 15 months now.
It is the longest i have ever been with a gym.
As a 40+ year old, out-of-shape woman, i am quite fearful of just walking into a gym.
The trainers give you a number of options in case you cannot do a particular exercise.
I am a 165 pound, skinny-fat grown man who has tried two trainers in the past.
Then i decided to invest some money in myself and hire a personal trainer.
After just a few weeks training with him, my body has already felt better than it ever has.
He is someone i selected after carefully researching personal trainers online.
Overall, hub climbing is a great climbing gym and is something i would love to see emanated everywhere else.
The trainers care so much about each young athlete.
Very knowledgeable people there in fitness and therapy.
Compared to planet fitness and goodlife, there are more weights available.
The gym is great and never too crowded.
I used to be a regular and quit due to some oddball trainers.
I returned recently when i was short on time and needed a closer gym and i was blown away.
Jab fitness is the best place to train.
Today was my first day at self made training facility!!!
Heather is my trainer.
Also, the gym has all of your latest equipment to ensure you receive the results your looking for.
Plenty of cardio machines for people to use and free weights as well.
Lizzie is a great trainer and you can expect results quickly.
My husband and i were looking for a gym to join that was near downtown phoenix.
I used to go tanning here, and i remembered that they had (what i thought was) a little fitness center.
Their gym is actually pretty big and they have lots of modern, clean weight machines and cardio machines.
They also have an area for free weights, and an area for stretching and doing sit-ups, etc.
I was glad that we didn't have to stand around and wait for a treadmill/weight machine to open up.
Hammer crossfit is not your normal, run-of-the-mill gym.
Nor is it a run-of-the-mill crossfit gym, for that matter.
This gym is small, but don't let that turn you off.
This gym offers other programs as well.
The pricing of this gym is on par with other crossfit gyms.
I was welcomed and guided personally by the gym's owners, cash (kirez) and his wife tash.
When you come, they will give you a workout to gauge where your fitness level is.
This first week is a trial period, where you decide if the gym is right for you.
I had a great experience at this gym
Weights are heavier and there is a section where you can do plyometric work.
I've been going to this gym for about three weeks now, as a total beginner.
After that, the membership costs are like those of a very nice gym, roughly $50 per month.
It was never easy to cancel my membership with previous gyms .
Also has a good variety of machines / weights.
Wish they supplied towels and locks / keys though, otherwise a great gym!
Can't say enough about the trainers, staff and fellow crossfitter's .
Overall, a nice gym.
I like him so much that i signed up my son to train with him and i couldn't be happier.
By far the best gym in the area.
There are plenty of pools and top notch weightlifting equipment.
So kind, courteous, people friendly and knowledgeable on every aspect of fitness and what eos  has to offer .
I recently joined the only women's side of fitness nw in hopes of renewing my enjoyment of exercise.
I did belong to the gym about 4 years ago and just gradually lost interest.
They have a variety of free weights, medicine balls, balance equipment, pretty much everything you would need to strengthen!
The trainers are awesome and it a great way to get in an awesome workout in 30 minutes.
Thanks to silver sneakers i am able to use 6 different fitness centers in my area.
This anytime fitness is far and away the best of them all.
I was attending 24 hour fitness on wigwam pkwy, but it is not clean or maintained properly.
Cardio machines and weights are on the main level with the locker rooms; the group exercise rooms are downstairs.
Their gym is always clean,  equipment is always working, and equipment is up-to-date.
I also love my trainer augie
Knockout fitness is amazing!
The classes offer great cardio and are also unlimited.
The gym room is always kept clean and i never have to wait for a machine or anything.
I would reccomend this gym to anyone!!
I have never felt so welcomed in a gym in my life.
I'm really excited to see what kind of progress i make under such supportive owners and trainers.
Nice gym, a lot bigger than the previous location i came from.
We like weight, but we like function even more!
My knees were weak, and i needed strength training.
All the trainers at mpt in westlake are awesome!
All the trainers at mpt are experienced and well-versed in that as well.
When you walk into shape training, you not only gain a coach, trainer, & friends, but an entire family.
The training is intense, and manipulated each week to keep your body guessing.
I highly recommend coming through shape training asap if you're looking to improve your lifestyle both mentally and physically.
I've been going to this gym since 2012.
Coming from someone who's visited more gyms than he can remember, markville fitness is stellar.
This is a no frills gym, and they give you what you need to knock out a great workout!
Great setup, great people, great gym.
They not only have bouldering problems, but they also have top-roping, yoga, and a work-out gym as well.
I would say that ascend climbing gym is the best climbing gym that pittsburgh has to offer.
Overall, this is a great climbing gym!
I searched for vegan trainers online because i was also interested in switching to a plant based diet.
Besides the weight loss, when i follow her meal plans i find i have more energy and even clearer skin!
My confidence has greatly improved and i actually enjoy going to the gym on my own now.
Now what you won't get is all the specialty equipment you will find at a bigger gym.
Their cardio to free weights is 75/25.
Best gym in vegas.
Best smoothies and so convenient when it's in your local gym!
I've climbed at gyms all over the country, and so far this is my new favorite one!
There is an amazing training area with free weights (squat rack!
), climbing specific training area with hangboards, hang out areas, locker rooms with showers, and a yoga studio.
And right at the gym.
I joined planet fitness at the beginning of the year.
If you want a high octane, fun, and effective workout, jab fitness is the gym for you.
This place cares about your fitness.
They offer personal training.
The offer personal training.
Overall, jab fitness offers a fun and rigorous workout that is different each time.
Of all the gyms i've been to, jab fitness is one that i'll vouch for any day.
She provided me with information about foods, supplements, caloric intake, and training!
I plan on continuing with her through her online coaching and highly recommend her as a trainer and nutritional coach!
The coaches/trainers leanna marchese & rachael schein,  are amazing at pushing you within your abilities.
The trainers keep you motivated through each class, which can get exhausting.
This gym i highly recommend to anybody looking for the best bang for their buck
They do group fitness as well that always looks like a fun time.
This gym has everything you need and you don't have to sign your life away!!
Month 2 month payment/ reasonable prices   free weights/ many machines for the full body workout/  treadmills/ bikes/ elliptical/ sauna
Prior to gauntlet i felt overwhelmed at the gym and stuck to cardio machines where i never pushed myself.
This is the best gym located in shaler.
The gym also has a big back room which they sometimes offer classes at a descent price or free.
I recommend this gym to anyone who likes smaller and quieter.
Where this gym shines is the ease of use and lower fees.
It's a small gym with personal training, group training, and fitness classes, and nutritional consultation, and sports-oriented stretch/massage.
Sure, you can find cheaper fitness elsewhere.
You may find personal training cheaper elsewhere.
I credit the training (and proper nutrition) for this.
With the proper guidance, weight and resistance training works people.
I highly recommend fbbc to anyone looking to improve there fitness and health!
That being said, they are by far the favorite gym i have ever been to because... shocker!
I got a 2 month unlimited groupon for jab fitness and have been loving their hot yoga classes!
These are 1:1 sessions with a trainer, 30 minutes each.
Jab, cross, upper cut and hook - punching the trainer's hands, working the heavy bag, ducking punches.
The gym is located on the top floor in the same building at fnb, cowboy ciou, and lee's cream liqueur.
Great gym and great environment!!
The gym is super clean, they offer a lot of class times, and they are so unbelievably friendly!
Not enough equipment as far as weights - weights always busy.
The only drawback was there were no seats in the main gymnasium.
I am so thankful i was told about the little gym!!!
We love the little gym!
This is a newer la fitness and located on the corner of university & stapley.
I regularly go to 6 different la fitnesses each week and this is the best of all of them.
Absolutely love this gym!
You will not find a more knowledgeable concerned fitness organization around.
I do semi private training 3 times a week.
I love otf and the trainers.
Or weighted push ups - yes, they do exist.
Going to classes, heading to open gym, or yoga, or even olympic lifting, the cost is absolutely justified.
This is an absolutely great gym.
I recommend this place to anyone not looking for the generic gym experience.
You're not judged for everything you do like the standard gym.
Great gym, solid layout, sectioned off by appro.
She could not stop talking about how amazing this gym is.
They have wonderful compassion and patience when training the member.
The name of the gym screams achievement, plus the trainers here want to help the members reach their goals.
The trainer that i was with pushed me, beyond what i knew that i could do.
The selection of machines and different weights is impressive.
The gym keeps everything very clean.
The gyms name continues to convey strength and wellness.
Can hardly wait to put the headphones in, stream my favorite bands, while sweating and achieving my fitness goals!
This gym is fantastic!
My go to gym.
Been coming to this gym since the beginning of the year.
Definitely better than a chain gym or any other gym i've been to in phoenix.
This got me out of my fitness rut for sure!
I never left a training session unable to walk or move body parts.
Chrissy understands the fundamentals of training and is always learning her trade.
If you are looking for a trainer positively fitt is the way to go.
Thanks to groupon i was introduced to this gem of a fitness center.
Having gone to crossfit and other organized fitness classes before, i was hoping jab wasn't just another clique.
This is a clique-free, no bull fitness center that i am actually excited to go to.
As a baby-boomer i was a little apprehensive about joining a gym.
We're looking forward to starting our training.
I am not much of a fitness guru.
I don't know the necessary criteria for rating gyms so i will use four criteria.
As a chubby dude most gyms are intimidating.
A group of crossfit gyms were rotating the schedule.
This gym is huge!
By far the best gym in the phoenix valley.
I love orange theory fitness!
You are basically being trained by a professional in a small setting of 20 people or less.
The gym itself is pretty nice.
The rest of the gym was great!
Couldn't ask for much more from a gym for the price i paid (~$12usd a month)!
I've began training at react when i was 12 years old, now i am 20 and still train here.
There are so many things i could say about the different training they offer here!
First the fitness classes: after 8 years the classes still make me sweat and push myself to my limits.
The fitness training at react is unlike anywhere else!
I just wish this was our home gym.
Awesome gym-have a great workout!
Michael is very knowledgeable about fitness and nutrition, which help to get you the best results possible.
Your workouts are always different and tailored to your own specific needs to obtain your fitness goals.
Matt vacca is a great trainer.
I wish ibwould have has him the whole time instead of getting moved around to different trainers.
Freedom fitness has saved my life!
Gym policy offers regular assessments so you can achieve your goals.
What i love though is that there are all ages and fitness levels that go here.
The trainers are very friendly.
This gym tries to be a good, positive place to get healthy.
I admit that i have a spin bike and i seldom use it, unless i'm entirely desperate for cardio.
I like this gym.
After years of dealing with guys wearing cologne and women wearing make up to the gym, i left ballys.
They call it a "judgement free" gym.
$22 for gym, tanning, massage chair, use of any planet fitness around the us and discount drinks.....open till 10pm m-f.
Clean gym, friendly staff.
It feels very personable and like your very own state of the art home gym.
This is a fantastic gym and not your average planet fitness.
There is an unbelievable amount of cardio equipment, weights and even a crossfit type workout station.
Overall, the gym is well lit, clean and affordable.
I've never been impressed by the staff at a planet fitness.
Also, i think it's very important to add, but it is the friendliest gym i have ever been to.
And for something cheaper than the rest of the gym out here in vegas.
Amazing place to train.. all instructors are very professional and know what they are doing..
I started my weight loss journey january 4th 2016 weighing 189 lbs.
He isn't my first trainer but rest assured he will be my last!
The best thing about the gym is that we always do a strength exercise everyday.
I've worked out in gyms for 25 of my 39 years and know when they are run well or poorly.
The issue i have is lack of free weight equipment.
And la fitness ..well all the bros go there, hog the machines and treat it like social hour.
Most pleasant gym experience i've had.
My wife also does personal training there, and is very happy.
I am so blessed to have an amazing gym family that knows my name when i walk in the door.
This place is so much better than a regular gym.
The gym has the latest machines and plenty of them.
Saturday morning, the gym was busy but i didn't have to wait for a machine.
I would have loved to try a zumba class at this gym but that is too early on a saturday!
They have healthy limits to their weight machines, and it's keeps the place more inviting and way less intimidating.
I never wait for machines, cardio or otherwise, there is plenty of room.
No sauna/steam room or hot tub, and i don't believe they employ personal trainers on a regular schedule.
There's still a handful of cardio machines, a good selection of free weights, and punching bags.
Otherwise, this gym has everything you need.
The gym is also clean and a lot of machines.
The trainers are awesome -- especially quan and maggie!
Awesome gym and even better people to help you achieve your goals!
This is a really great gym!
I have nothing but positive things to say about chase and his personal training skills!
I am 3 months in to training with him and my strength, stamina, and balance have increased exponentially.
It is hands down the best training anywhere.
The locker rooms and gym itself are very clean.
The mecca of all gyms.
Even the gym regulars were nice and in good moods which is definitely not always the case.
Has free weights, squat rack, bench press in addition to cables and machines.
I tried out this gym when they were offering a week free.
This would be my second time trying out a crossfit gym.
(i'm going to remain polite and not mention the name of that gym).
There were multiple body shapes and fitness levels.
It speaks volumes about the trust others have about joining a gym they can really dedicate good effort toward.
Ilkb ahwatukee is perfect for my fitness goals.
There are a variety of days and times for class and all of the trainers are so awesome.
I've been to plenty of gyms.
This, has been, by far the best gym i've been to.
And, the fact that i can knock out my training and taning all under one roof is awesome.
The environment lens itself to training as well.
Lastly, although i have not utilized any of the trainers, they all seem to be quite knowledgeable.
Unlike some of the other gyms i've been to before.
Personally one of the best gyms i have ever been too.
I have been teaching aerobics and spinning at freedom fitness from day one.
It really is a place in town where everyone knows your name and truly cares about your fitness.
Not only did i re-learn strength training, but also some great nutritional basics to keep me focused on my goals.
He is the best personal trainer you will find, hands down.
Big box gyms seem like such a good idea.
You know, 50 treadmills, 100 stationary cycles, and an endless supply of free weights.
Personal and "person" specific training.
The gym is not included in your day pass.
I really enjoy coming to ufc gym matthews.
I know i will be able to reach my goals at ufc gym matthews.
Sometimes the class sizes are so small it it just like having a personal training session.
The classes range from kickboxing, to trigger point boxing, mma group fitness, ufc fit, and daily ultimate training.
I encourage anybody looking for a gym home, to come check out ufc gym matthews.
The people who run this place are amazing , i work out with munis ( trainers)  in the past .
Great gym, great facilities.
Perfectly situated between the distillery district and the st. lawrence market, this boutique gym is well equipped and friendly.
Owner/trainer connie cornelius treats each client as an individual - there is no one-size-fits-all attitude here.
I have a membership here and 24 fitness.
It's very inexpensive membership and it really clean nice gym with no meatheads lol
This gym is a nonstop, well organized gymnastics training center!
Many of the older gymnasts have been training here since they were toddlers.
I have 2 left feet and i hate cardio!
Good folks go here, and gym etiquette is reflected everywhere.
This workout gives me the pilates exercises that i love but mixes in great cardio along with great music.
The atmosphere, trainers, front desk, and salesmen are all very friendly.
The group personal training's are awesome and no one judges!
I love the combo of hit cardio training & weight training!
The trainers are great and informative!
Amazing gym, great coaches.
It's different than any gym or ever workout you've ever done.
Crossfit is a workout that can be scaled to fit anyone's fitness level.
In the past i've worked out in gym which doesn't have any exterior window.
Gyms should remove any mental friction that gets in the way of it.
Trainers are loyal and motivating and now how to push you when you need it without being over the top.
I've had the urge to try out a personal trainer for a while now.
When i saw the groupon for 3 training sessions for $60 at fitness together i couldn't hold back any longer.
So far i've been to two personal training sessions (each one hour long) and i am quite pleased.
Each session starts with a 15 minute warm up on one of the 3 cardio machines (bike, eliptical, or treadmill).
Then one of the trainers will put you through a custom tailored strength training workout for 40 minutes.
Fitness together has around 3 or 4 personal trainers on site all day.
So far i have only trained with billy, the owner, and he is hard core!
Having a trainer gives me the motivation i need to make the most of my workout.
The gym is really "no frills," and i mean really.
The knowledge of the trainers at warfit is beyond anything i have ever seen.
Hands down the best gym ever!
I decided to start my fitness journey with them and i am so glad i did.
Check out my review on xtreme gymnastics if you are interested.
Awesome gym, the staff and coaches are all super friendly and helpful.
The equipment and gym is clean, i alway feel welcome and comfortable since day one.
Also since its a small gym everyone knows everyone and its like a big family.
Was with eos before, but then my friend brought me into this gym and i absolutely fell in love!
Jack the owner of anytime fitness is 10000% class act all the way!!
The gym is extremely clean and the equipment is in great shape!!
Anytime fitness is a nice, new gym that is accepting new members all the time.
The prices of the memberships at this gym are pretty standard and a little too expensive for me.
I just wish that a gym would open up where i can pay $20/month to work out.
If you're tired of the usual world health club or ymca gyms then give anytime a shot.
This gym is fantastic!
This is one of my favorite gyms in the valley the staff is extremely friendly!!
So happy with the new ownership at little gym.
I went to the gym and sat down with the owner,to discuss my goals, and objectives.
Before deciding on crossfit metric, i went to a number of other local gyms and never had the same experience.
My husband, son and i really enjoy this gym.
The trainers are knowledgeable and i feel as though they genuinely care about our experience.
The weight area is always clean never feel out of place super nice people there all the time.
I've been going to this gym for over 3 years now and love the commit (formerly mixed fit)  classes.
I recently switched from la fitness and all i can say so far are positive things about planet fitness .
I just joined about a month ago and got personal training as well.
If you need a trainer get jake!
Amazing trainers that deliver a hardcore workout every time!
Not the case with the little gym of scottsdale!
Thank you little gym for facilitating this!
Definitely the nicest and cleanest anytime fitness i have ever been to.
Owner and workers greeted me every morning i came in and clearly take pride in their gym.
Chase is an awesome trainer.
My first time to the studio he started with body weight training to understand what i was capable of.
He showed me some really cool new exercises i've never seen before that involve weight bands and floor sliders.
I'm going to upgrade my review now that i better understand the constraints inherent with the planet fitness corporation.
I don't like all the constraints but some are understandable.
The gym is very clean and staff is friendly.
The monthly dues could be slightly lower, but there is lots that this gym offers for the price
From here to cali and the east coast, this is one of the better gyms and locations.
He's an excellent trainer and really knows how to push you ( in a good way).
If your looking for a trainer who is genuine this is your guy.
The moment i walked into this gym i felt so welcomed and comfortable.
Training to become the best version of yourself is scarcely coveted.
I love jab fitness!
The trainers are great and they care about you.
The atmosphere at the gym is so inclusive and friendly.
Chances are, you'll wind up just as addicted to the gym and the classes as i am.
I really have nothing bad to say about this gym.
Looking for a gym where the owners truly care about their customers, training, community, and fun?
There is always a positive vibe when i come to the gym.
:)  there are trampolines, secure jungle gyms, foam pit, a blow up obstacle coarse, and a swinging jump rope.
And guess who hasn't been to the gym once since then?
All 8 of the personal trainers here are smoking hot to the point of distraction.
Blast offers classes, private training, and open gym facilities for its members.
Sadly many other gyms forbid dropping weights.
There are also kettlebells all the way up to 70 lbs, which is a heavier weight than most gyms carry.
Lastly, the trainers are a great group of people.
Great varieties of routes, for all levels of skills and fitness.
I'm older and have some weight to lose but i don't feel out of place.
The trainers are very knowledgeable of movements, technique, and give really quality coaching.
Some crossfit gyms are pretty loose and have an open gym approach.
They are constantly working to improve the gym with new class offerings, special programs and social events.
In the meantime, i'm gonna hit the gym and work on building some muscles before returning =p
The staff at eos gym was very friendly and helpful.
Especially the personal trainer manager thomas glover.
He helped me make a fitness plan made for me and taught me alot information that i didn't know.
And also kicked my butt in a good way at the gym to help me stay motivated.
An amazing workout with amazing trainers!
It's efficient and the trainers are awesome.
It's my new fitness routine!
I've been with journey training for 3 years now.
Not only is he an awesome trainer, but his clientele is a testimony to the kind of environment he's built.
I've recently been on an extended trip to henderson from chicago and needed a place to train.
My favorite little gym by far, i'll miss the place.
This gym has everything i need...if only i could step it up so that i actually see results!
Both are perfect for my marathon training.
I've had many trainers over the the past 20 years with mixed results.
At eft you will attain your goals through a team of friendly and caring trainers.
I love this gym, its where i got my passion for health.
The membership is cheap and the trainers are very knowledged
I trained here twice with my wife while on vacation in quebec.
Upone walking in it feels like an oldschool crossfit gym in a good way.
It's a top notch gym.
The owners, trainers, and other members are all so friendly and always willing to help.
Lifetime fitness, i curse you for life!
Because every gym i visit when out of town is measured against lifetime fitness and all of them fail miserably.
Luckily, the staff makes up for the lack of friendliness among most of your fellow gym-goers.
I used to go to la fitness and i couldn't imagine going back there after the incredible experience (and results!)
The trainer (mandy) was awesome.
Training for very straightforward which i like.
Opening day at the brand new eos fitness!
Lots of cardio free weights and weight machines.
Movie theater training room.
Cycle class room and group fitness room.
He'll kick your ass and push you farther than you would ever go "train" by yourself.
@sidneywilson4 #getvicious #2yrsandcounting #fitness #nutrition #dmd2be #whatsyourgoal
No matter where you are at in your fitness journey these guys are here for you !
If you want to ditch the huge gyms overcrowded mess this anytime is your stop !
Life time fitness has a lot of amenities that makes working out a great expeirence.
Life time fitness has it all.
So if you're looking for a gym that exceed your expectations look no further you found it lifetime fitness.
Initially i was scheduled with trainers and having that set appointment made it easier and something to look forward to.
With her focusing on my diet & some fitness coaching, i've seen a noticeable improvement in my body leaning out.
Kim the owner and the other trainers are awesome!
I don't have to hear guys in muscle shirts grunt and groan as they toss their weights to the ground?
I love this gym!
The trainers are all different so it keeps the workouts fresh and exciting.
While the trainers can be tough, the intensity of the workout is also on you.
If you need a breather, you can definitely take one, i've never seen a trainer get onto someone for that.
They are very accommodating with all different levels of fitness.
It's a work out and an environment that you just won't find at any gym in town.
I have worked out with trainers in the past and kelly is by far my favorite!
I signed up with this gym as soon as i moved to henderson!
They are trained professionals with thirty years of experience who will challenge and inspire.
Although i do pay more than the standard gym fee, i feel it's worth it.
Freedom fitness is a nice big gym with a ton of weight machines and a good number of cardio machines.
I've never had to wait for an elliptical and that is the mark of a good gym to me.
Most of the cardio machines have personal tv's and overall the equipment is in good repair and clean.
The gym is crowded in the morning but nicely deserted in the evening after work.
With a new membership you get 3 free personal training sessions, which is a cool perk.
I was sore for an entire week after each of my training sessions.
Membership costs more than the anytime fitness down the road, but the gym is a lot bigger.
There is a reason this gym has quality athletes... it makes them!
Hands down the best trainer not just in vegas, but best trainer i have ever seen and worked with.
Everything from nutrition to strength training, sid has it all down.
His outlook on fitness has changed my life and i will be forever changed and grateful.
I visited on a special they had going on for surfset fitness... let me say it was awesome!!
I finally enjoy going to the gym where i don't feel like people are judgmental.
I like that you can ask the trainers for help too.
When it comes to weights i'm lost but i'm finally enjoying the weights!
This is an amazing gym for people that want a no-frills type of gym.
The cheapest gym in toronto and multiple locations in the gta.
Fit4less will significantly change the gym industry so try them out!
There ia a 'drop' buzzer, if you drop weights on the floor too hard it will ring.
Yes no water fountains, it's a letdown when a gym tries to sell you water.
They should install a fountain, this is a basic expectation for a gym.
I had only been to this gym a handful of times, and i can say that it's not bad!
I can always do my own thing in the gym.
I only pay $9 / month and the gym had everything i need... that is until i had a baby.
Look you know what you're getting at this gym.
It's kind of a no frills but cheap gym that's clean enough.
So i'm sad to say i'm going to be switching to another gym probably at the new year.
But i did enjoy working out at fitness during the past 4/5 years.
And 8% body fat since i started training with sidney a few months ago!
His program is insane but so are the results, he's hands down the best trainer out there!
Then jab fitness kickboxing is for you.
Great job jab fitness!
This is a great climbing gym.
The place is always clean and overall a very good vibe in the gym.
My usual gl gym is the union station one.
It is not the prettiest of gyms and the equipment isn't all that new, but it has what you need.
If your looking for a personal trainer sidney wilson is the go to guy in vegas!
You will be impressed with his knowledge and creativity when it comes to fitness!
Ascend is a fantastic rock climbing gym located in the south side.
Ascend offers tons of free-climbing space, plus belaying, fitness classes, workout stations, and yoga sessions.
The music is pop rock and meshes awkwardly with the sounds of slamming weights.
You can try every type of yoga (even aerial), kickboxing, pilates, zumba, pole fitness, etc.
It is small but spacious gym with a lot of equipment.
I absolutely love otf because it feels more like a community than a gym.
The trainers are awesome they even give you nutritional advice after your workout and answer any questions about your workout.
The class pushed me further than any work out i could do in a gym.
I like this gym.
Would highly recommend this gym.
The gym and restrooms are very clean.
Great price for a gym you can cancel at anytime and for 10$ month you can't beat that.
I would call this my home la fitness along with the new one on 17 & northern.
The daycare girl of eos fitness are hands down the best!!!
The gym has some updated equipment and machines.
I just moved back into the area, this time without a gym in my condo building.
Area fitness is close by and offers exactly what i need.
I love this gym.
This rev fitness center has been closed down since october 2017.
I was there on the day when a large moving truck and 4-5 employees hastily removed all the gym equipment.
Very experienced, knowledgeable and give you 1:1 training so you don't have to think about what you're doing!
This gym is made for everybody.
I see people at all fitness levels working out here.
Chris is always helpful and keeps the gym floor tidy at night!
Only the greatest gym in the world.
I made the mistake of joining gold's gym and 24 hr fitness.
The most amazing gym i have ever been to.
3) great variety for bouldering (makes sense, it's mainly a bouldering gym).
They offered very affordable membership plans and had heavy bags as-well as trainers.
Overall i would recommend this gym to other friends hands down.
I just joined this gym a few months ago and love it.
I use their personal trainer nick and he is the bomb!!
The rev fitness center is only available to employees of university of phoenix to my knowledge.
I love that i can work out right after work and for such a good rate compared to most gyms!
I understand that it's a company gym, but i work often on saturdays so would love to have that option.
Looking for a convenient gym to get the job done?
Anytime fitness is exactly what i needed.
My busy work schedule has kept me out of the gym for over a year now.
The gym is clean and quiet.
They also have tv's on their cardio equipment w/ direct tv.
Even working 80+ hours a week, i am no longer making excuses for my lack of fitness.
The owners and trainers are so motivating and really make you feel like part of the family.
True there is not women's gym, but the majority of people that come here are normal people.
When i moved to mtl i tried a few climbing gyms but most focused on ropes (i prefer bouldering).
Urban warfit is one of the best experiences i've had in the gym world.
After attending a larger gym chain, urban warfit has been extremely refreshing.
From personal training to mma to crossfit-style workouts, urban warfit has something for everyone.
The best part is the trainers who have extensive knowledge not only of fitness but of nutrition.
Trainers seemed very attentive and had good relationship with clients.
I cannot say enough about how good shape training is.
The trainers are all friendly and know their stuff.
I can't say enough good things whether it's one on one training or classes.
So glad i signed up for this gym!
For the price this is one of the best gyms i've been to.
Walked me through the gym and showed me the massage chairs and everything.
I used to pay more monthly at dirty gyms and no massage chairs.
I'm so glad i changed gyms.
You will not even need the gym anymore....
The trainers here, especially kari and maggie, are nothing but motivating and helpful.
Unlike other goodlife locations the cardio machines do not have their own tvs, instead it's 9 tvs on the wall.
The trainers push you and motivate you to get the best work out possible!
I do have to admit, i like this gym!
Express fitness is a 24 hour facility with many different accommodations.
First off, this gym is massive!
It has a main room with lots of equipment and a fair amount of cardio machines.
There are two smaller rooms, one for fitness classes and the other for spin, if i'm not mistaken.
Like most gyms, i suggest going during off hours and getting a good sweat on.
But aside from these petty gripes of mine, i like this gym!
The trainers are amazing as well, i have never been to any other gym like this so i cannot compared.
Of course you need to put the work in and stay committed but this is an amazing gym.
Circuit training mixed with learning things that you never thought you would have a chance to try.
David at vitality health and fitness truly rocks!
Every time i am on business trip in phoenix  i make a point to train with him.
If your looking for a heart pumping, body shaping and  hard rock training this is the place.
This gym is very clean, the employees are friendly and competent, and the members are courteous as well.
I just joined a gym!
Unfortunately last month they were still under construction so we could not actually see the inside of the gym.
That's crazy cheap for a gym.
The gym is welcome to all types of people.
The majority of the gym is for cardio with body-building and ab workout equipment dispersed around the outside.
This is because i honestly hate hate hate going to the gym and exercising.
I absolutely love this brand new gym!
He showed me around the gym than easily gave me a few membership options.
John: spin class instructor who i met in my tour of the gym with jesse.
Jonathon ortega and victoria( 2 ifbb certified pro trainers!!).
I will be able to work with both of them in my future training and physical therapy.
Eos has top of the line equipment, trainers and instructors.
And yes, this is a serious gym, people are training hard and diligently.
The open gym time is also a ton of fun.
This is a nice gym for sure.
The cardio equipment is good as well.
The mix of cardio and wait training is perfect.
High impact training and they provide tools to help people succeed.
I'm glad i made the switch from a traditional weight room to crossfit.
My gains over the past 5 months have been huge considering how long i lifted weights.
Gym is very clean and has new equipment.
I was paying $60 per month at lifetime fitness but would gladly pay more for this place.
This is by far, hands-down, the best planet fitness location in las vegas.
Number one, this gym is totally clean.
The bathrooms in this gym are also clean.
Also, they are the only planet fitness location in las vegas that is updated with the treadmill.
They upgraded their treadmills a couple of months ago, which reads your weight, along with other necessities on the treadmill.
Would highly recommend this planet fitness location.
I joined otf awhatukee about 5 months ago and have only positive things to say about this gym.
Mark is the head coach at this gym - i absolutely love his workouts!
Overall, i'd definitely recommend this gym.
I visit the gym almost daily.
However, i found myself struggling with my form during weighted exercises.
I started working with a personal trainer from tft in april this year.
But thanks to my trainer, i have gained much more confidence in my strength and capability.
He was great and i will definitely be returning to this gym
Best gym in the world!!!!!
Great gym with no sketchy sales tactics and no pressure for personal training.
It is a great gym if you only weight train.
I just started personal training today and the trainer, lance, is great!
He's friendly and i like his training style (more encouragement than drill instructor).
David is an amazing trainer i continue to see results and improvement.
Leann's mixxedfit class is the perfect midweek/midday cardio push you need to get you over the hump.
The trainers and staff are extremely knowledgeable and helpful.
I decided to try a new gym to mix it up...i've been really happy so far.
The gym is new and clean.
Everyone who i have worked with from sign up to training has been great so far.
Jonathan was helpful in putting together a plan to help me reach my fitness goals.
He has aligned me with a trainer who matches my personality and what i'm looking for.
My trainer introduced me to tangibles july of this year.
It is a smaller gym with plenty of the latest machines.
No waiting to use your favorite fitness workout machine.
The gym offers a variety of services from classes, trainers, tanning, salon services and much more.
Top certified trainers salon services to include cellulite reduction, massages, and much much more.
Thanks for being my favorite gym and second home!
The high intensity interval training.
Connor, jason and vish are great trainers.
He has made it right & i am joining the underground fitness family.
Thanks jake & i look forward to continuing our fitness relationship!
I love this gym!
They also have a cardio and weight room so you have everything you need to get a great workout.
Urban war fit (uwb) renders the traditional gym experience mundane and monotonous.
Doug and his team of trainers offer an individualized and intellectual approach to physical health and fitness.
My favorite class is trx flow which incorporates all body weight suspension training with a fluid, yoga-like sequence.
Signed up for personal training with jessica and she is amazing!!!
If you are  not training with jessica you are missing out!!!
I actually enjoy coming to this gym.
And also a nutrition shop inside the gym so its pretty convenient for some people.
Wanted to find a new gym to call home and i have found just that!
Ill definitely be bragging about my new gym amd referring everyone to join immediately!
Great people, the best class instructors and very capable personal trainers.
No frills but everything you need from a gym.
Cons: some hours which are inconvenient, older free weight room, some gender restrictions.
As for the free weight room, the stuff is a little older, but it's just free weights.
I wanted to say first off i love this gym!
Kristina signed me up as well as educated me on the fitness lifestyle .
She has been a big motivation as well as my personal trainer matt !
If there was anything that could improve this gym, it would be the plates, and the bars.
The hip-hop cardio held in the gym was a pretty good workout.
I like free weights so they will have to move over!
I was formerly a member of another gym and paying $15 more for a monthly membership.
I didn't even know that pf offered free training classes.
I am so happy i joined this gym and i enjoy coming here to work out.
I'm 57 years old and woefully out of shape and over weight.
It accommodates all fitness levels and truly is a small community!
I started training 18 months ago.
I was never contacted to schedule any future appointments with any of the new trainers.
He comes up with new training techniques and i am really happy with my results.
Hybrid performance is more then just a gym.
Its an elite training facility for everyone from amateurs to professional athletes.
Structure: individual training or group classes that adults and kids can take together, youth classes, and adult classes.
As much as this y is quite small compared to others, it's everything i wanted out of a gym.
Also, because this gym is so small, i've never seen it busy!
Any longer and i would be napping on the couch instead of going to the gym.
I'm so happy to have found traveling fitness trainers.
My trainer alfie is wonderful and has kept me level headed during times i wanted to give up.
Started raw fitness back in february as a challenger & stuck with them ever since then.
I love that the ladies change room is on the first level of the gym.
Both coaches did a great job working with everyone to teach and help with proper form, movements and weight.
Lots of weights, both machine and free for use.
Aqua classes, fitness classes, body pump, ect.
The gym & locker rooms are clean and the staff there now is much more friendly.
I love that it is a small business and they really focus on fitness not corporate money making!
You can tell this is a passion for each trainer at the gym.
I highly recommend this gym and jose as a trainer, but everyone there is great!
I was intimidated to go to a gym.
I also observe the behavior of other trainers interacting with clients at live jacked.
In fact, i noticed one of the trainers really pushing and encouraging a very very large young woman.
To see this was touching as i recalled the two idoits snickering at others in the chain gym.
I would recommend this small private professional gym.
This gym is beautiful!
I never thought i'd say that about a gym but it's true.
The front desk employees are super nice, and trainer 'dc' with his big smile and enthusiasm for the gym!
Thank you pf you did this gym right!
Honestly, this gym is pretty good in my opinion.
Overall the general environment, people and the gym itself is not bad.
Place is also clean and theres more space but i find i still like it more at markville fitness.
If appearance is a thing for you then i suggest fit4less, goodlife or any other gym.
Amy (my trainer) is phenomenal, and nick and jack are great.
I've belonged to all las vegas gyms in 20 years and anytime fitness/horizon ridge is the best.
Group class, personal training, functional training, machines, free weights, kettle bells, a rowing machine, cardio.
Gym music is low aka not loud.
They are expanding the gym.
The members are focused on fitness.
Total fan off all the additional classes, yoga, pilates, zumba,kickboxing, tcx, cardio you name it!
Believe me ive been to other gyms and this one is winning!
I love my lifetime fitness!
These are not your average trainers.
These are not just your typical trainer who puts some gloves on you and tells you to hit the bag.
If you are looking to mix it up, you should really consider jab fitness.
I definitely enjoy coming to this gym every morning.
Great vibe at this gym.
Transferred from another fitness center and love the access to so much different equipment here.
My trainer is christian inman and he is no joke!
He is also so flexible with his training schedule.
The best part is how hard he pushes you in the gym, it is no joke.
The gym itself is amazing with some of the coolest, latest equipment and he'll teach you to properly use everything.
I 110% recommend christian at the self made gym to anyone interested in really committing to reaching their goals!!
Overall, for what i need for my time, this is my go to gym.
The gym is extremely clean, everything is new they have a nice cinema and swimming pool that's open 24 seven.
I would recommend this gym.
I have seen a remarkable change in my body while attending training sessions with mike b and brian!
This gym is my favourite gym because the environment within is always welcoming.
Gym itself is small.
I am so excited about my fitness and health choices now!
So  la fitness i  think its great .
Freedom fitness has become cave creek fitness under new ownership/managment.
If this gym were in so cal people would be cranky waiting for equipment, and so on.
I have a super trainer, bob.
Derek signed me up and i have been politely introduced to some people in the gym.
Great gym for novice athletes.
After moving here seven months ago, i searched a lot of reviews for a new gym.
I've never had to wait for a piece of equipment, treadmill, weight machine, etc.
My old gym i was paying over $100 per month for very similar amenities.
This may be an older location, but the equipment is in good order and the cardio stuff seems newer.
All in all, this gym suits all my needs of a gym.
Went to her for a couple months for group training and i really enjoyed it.
Sidney wilson is an absolutely amazing trainer.
Sidney is big on incorporating strength training as well as cardio to get your maximum results.
If you are looking for a personal trainer in las vegas, sidney is as good as it gets!
Walking in i didn't know what to expect but was immediately greeted by the guest services guy and another trainer.
I decided to try kickboxing because i was bored with a regular gym and didn't feel motivated.
I have been a member of this gym for over a year and have no complaints.
Would recommend this gym to everyone.
Good looking classic gym.
This is the gym for you.
Great gym, not a bad price either.
:) they even greet you when they're not working but simply in the gym working out.
Good thing that stores around it are pretty crap, because it benefits us gym rats more.
24/7 gyms are amazing, work it around your schedule.
I love working out on holidays and i'm usually there after 9pm, and this gym makes it possible.
I swear i will never join a gym again that's not 24/7.
Do not go here if you think it's just like all the other gyms around.
Nicest gym i've ever been to.
I've been to literally hundreds of gyms both big and small.
I was even a district manager of a 24 hr fitness few years back.
Out of all these gyms none of which are as clean, well kept, and managed as well as this gym.
The owner is a stand up guy who clearly cares for his gym.
First off words cannot explain the gratitude i have for fortitude fitness and the owners dylan and betty.
When jason and brandon opened jab fitness in january i was there from day one!
I love working out  at jab fitness!
It's an amazing gym!
These guys are the best when it comes to personal training.
Their goal is to help clients meet their own fitness goals.
Effective training solutions is worth every cent.
Most people would label me as  gym rat.
I like to lift heavy weights and put them down.
At night the gym looks a lot more put together.
Trx trainstation is awesome!
It's great as a fitness class or as cross-training for sports.
I think she really knows her stuff and she gives me great advice on training and nutrition.
I especially like how she modifies my exercises based on my fitness level and my physical limitations.
Jason bress at jab fitness creates such an amazing and fun kickboxing experience.
I also utilized jason's personal training to get me in "wedding shape".
Highly recommend jab fitness!
Unfortunately this club is further away than lafitness, so i couldn't  benefit from the many services that the membership provides.
And, he beats the price of any legitimate personal trainer.
Overall this gym is good to me, i dun want to pay $50+ per month for the chain fitness centre.
As i work out more on treadmills and weight equipments.
For me, i can walk to fitness centre less than 10 mins.
I am highly recommend for those who look for gym in that area.
I like this gym.
Lifetime fitness is definitely one of the nicest gyms in the valley.
The monthly dues are high, however, this gym has everything.
This is potentially a five-star gym, but there are two issues with this place.
In other gyms i've been to around the valley, the equipment is fixed within a day or two.
Other than that, this gym is terrific and handles big crowds really well.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone wanting to improve their health.
I use the heavy punching bag, a feature not seen in many gyms that are not boxing oriented.
I like that the free weight section is in a separate room from the machines that i use.
They could use some updated equipment and air fresheners in the gym.
The gym is nice.
So was looking for a new gym, simply because the one i go to is always too packed.
Orangetheory is a challenging full body workout that combines cardio and weight training.
You'll get a little bit of endurance and strength training.
You'll strap a heart rate monitor to your chest to keep tabs of your training zone throughout the class.
One half is doing cardio.
The other half is doing strength training.
Our class was a mix of treadmill, rowing, and weight lifting.
We both were challenged at our own fitness levels.
However, you will always being doing some version of a warm-up, cardio, weight training and cool-down.
Everyone is friendly from the owners, trainers to the people who are working out.
Whether you're looking to tone or lose weight, ec is definitely recommended.
These key components make a major difference in achieving fitness and well being goals!
Wow, i am surprised i liked this workout and this gym so much!
The gym is open, the staff is very professional/patient (and not meat-heads... which is a plus in my book).
The entire staff is amazing and the trainers genuinely care about what your fitness goals are.
New, exciting, and result driven gym!!!!
One of the cleanest gyms by far.
I thought i might soon cancel & join a different gym, but she completely changed my mind.
I love this gym now & wouldn't even think about changing locations!
Great community of people dedicated to fitness and a healthy lifestyle!
Joel & heather really care about the people they train!
This is a real gym, with a real background and exposure to martial arts.
They have been helping me reach my fitness goals and i have really noticed the difference.
I'm losing weight, have more energy and feel stronger.
He even asked if we could go after his gymnastics class.
We both leave the gym exhausted and refreshed.
If you're looking for hand-holding and pleasantries, you might look for a different place, jab fitness isn't for you!
It's a great experience if you are looking for something other than the gym.
It's a great work out for cardio, strengthening, balance, weight loss, toning, and more.
My trainer matt is one of the best!!!!
Very knowledgeable and kind he is more than trainer....
The class is a mix of cardio and strength exercises that lasted about 1 hour.
The location of the gym is so hidden.
Great small, intimate gym with lots to choose from.
This gym has become family, can you really say that about a gym?
You cannot find a more caring dedicated gym.
This gym rocks, may we spend many more years conquering our fears and overcoming our limits.
Most my favorite training, sports fitness gym place for all the time!
Thank you for my gym review experience!
Owners are the best and trainers know what they are doing .
They had a concession inside the gym that restricted the use of their functional training area.
Previously, you had to pay extra to use the functional training area.
Even with the high volume of people, they keep the gym clean.
I always see a cleaning person or crew in the locker room and gym.
Their staff, group x instructors, and trainers are all friendly and helpful.
Jsf is the best gym in charlotte.
All the trainers are awesome and the classes are efficient.
I like la fitness.
I would rate 5 stars but i don't like the guys trying to sell the personal training.
They are very pushy and i don't want to pay 500 dollars to have a personal trainer.
I've been a member for 4 years and have really enjoyed the gym a ton.
I've been to other lifetime fitness locations and really appreciate the staff at my ltf!
Any issues with my membership i resolved with these guys because the service at my home gym is horrendous.
I just moved to town and seeing which gym i'd like to join.
Usually enjoy olympic weightlifting with lots of flow-y body weight movements.
I've had my own issues with gyms and contracts and early cancellation fees in the past, so i'm wary too.
Let's get you signed up with a trainer or a group fitness session or something else!"
Pitches, you get to the part of coming to the gym that's fun.
Get to know some of the other trainers.
Going to the gym first.
But crossfit athletics has been everything i was looking for in a gym.
And the open gym hours make it easy to do accessory work.
Amanda flynn had taken my fitness to the next level.
Her own fitness inspires me to keep getting better and focusing on my goals every week!
The gym is great because there's almost nobody in there.
After training at several martial arts gyms in town,  i made a home at one kick's gym.
I mistakenly posted this for the bell road koko fitness.
This is a great unique fitness program/club.
I am completely sold on this method of weight training and fitness.
I don't have to figure it out myself or hire a trainer, it's done for me.
The weight training computerized machines, however, are the gem of this program.
Ive seen real progress and weight loss.
I do cardio on the elliptical or treadmills.
I have had memberships to a few gyms in the valley and ymca tops.
The gym has more than enough cardio machines, including bikes, eliptical, treadmill and stairmaster.
There are a large assortment of weight machines.
I started going to the gym since 2007 and the staff has always been helpful.
It's a gym that has all the basic equipment for a good workout.
However if your serious about working out then you will enjoy this gym.
Conveniently located by our house, the gym is clean, large, and well appropriated.
We look forward to our fitness journey with eos.
I've tried other gyms before, but honestly, this one is by far my favorite (specifically this location).
I love this gym!
The gym is always clean and quiet.
I recently started seeing chad as my personal trainer (also owner).
Chad as a trainer has been fabulous!
Lexi gave me my full, real introduction into bodybuilding style training.
She broke down splits, rep ranges, set ranges, training for the aesthetics and so much more.
Front desk staff and the trainers are super personable and seem like they enjoy their jobs and each other.
Never been interrupted for sales pitches on the gym floor.
Have you seen gold's gym or la fitness in scottsdale lately?
I like working out with people that know what they are doing and how to use a gym efficiently/effectively.
There are at least 6 different varieties of cardio options alone.
The gym is never busy and parking is easy everyday i've tried.
Anyone  this who is in the area should try this gym for a quick and thorough workout :)
Best training i've had in years in an upbeat, fun atmosphere!
Recently joined this gym so far i  love it!!
The gym is always well cleaned .
Love the no hassle or pressure feel of other gyms trying sell you on more expensive memberships or trainers .
I have the pleasure to work out in a great gym with great equipment.
I recently was introduced to a great team member of the eos eastern gym by the name of isabel.
I have had the pleasure of speaking with her as i enter and leave the gym.
Many thanks to a great gym and a great team member.
More than anything he listened to my choices for returning to a fitness routine.
This is a great gym: brand new, super clean, and great staff.
I'm not highly motivated when it comes to exercising, and weight control has been a constant issue in my 40s.
I started bootcamp almost a year ago and i will never go back to the gym!
Alycia and her trainers keep the sessions interesting, motivating, and challenging.
I have been a member of this gym since shortly after it opened.
I live in the area, so i throw on my clothes and with bed head go to the gym..
Also a trainer is available, again for an extra cost over and above the regular membership rate.
A nice little gym for those of us who are intimidated by the large, iron pumping type facilities.
The only draw back for me, is it gets busy during the gym "rush hour".
So anytime after 4 - 6pm weekdays, when every other gym in the city is busy.
Coach kelly was my first trainer when i joined over a year ago.
She is one of the major reasons i became a trainer as well.
I just signed up at eos and had a welcome training session with jonathon.
He spent an hour teaching me about functional training and had me working up a good sweat.
I was very well taken care of by jonathan and i would love to do more training sessions eventually.
I would definitely recommend training sessions at eos for anyone that wants to improve their fitness.
After taking three weeks off this summer to travel, i was worried about going back to the gym.
I've been training at jacked for 2 years...
In 2 years i have never had the same workout twice with trainer, mike b.
After reaching my fitness goals, i continue to train at jacked.
I have had the owner, mj, text me at 6 am to make sure i was doing cardio..
By far the best gym in cleveland.
So many machines/weights you will never have a hard time finding something open for you to use.
David has the best personal and group training sessions i have ever been in.
Check him out at vitality fitness
I come from an athletic background of having several gym memberships, multiple personal trainers, spinning, and yoga.
There are plenty of cardio machines to choose from as well as weights, classes and activites.
It's so much better than going to a regular gym.
If your getting a begging training they do it really well.
I came here for the first time and have been to many orangetheory fitness studios in los angeles.
Best 30 minute workouts and fitness i can find.
I am glad i found the gym (through groupon).
The gym has most all of the basics one needs from lifting weights to getting some cardio in.
Terra keeps her gym very clean and is good at pushing her clients and teaching them correct form.
She was a lot cheaper to work with than the trainers at my gym (la fitness), and definitely more professional.
I am reaching my fitness goals and happy to have this place.
Bloor park was formerly sports club of canada and was completely renovated in 2002 when taken over by bally fitness.
The equipment here is nice but not exceptional and the free weight section is not very big.
Overall, i would give this gym a 4 star rating.
He is very welcoming, knowledgeable and passionate about fitness.
The gym is pleasant and has the enough weights and machines to get r done.
However , there is only one set of 12lb weights.
If you are looking to lose weight and get results this is the place to be!
Orangetheory has changed my life and its definitely a game changer in the fitness industry with all the advanced technology!!!
Also, the fellow athletes at the gym are great and welcoming.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and will help you improve on your form and technique.
The trainers will walk you through the progression to make sure you are successful.
Great boxing, and muay thai training  and the home of carlson gracie team lv.
Gauntlet crossfit is more than just a gym/box that you go for a workout.
Classes are an hour and you get one personal trainer.
Everyone is super informative and the trainers kick your butt and push you to your limits.
The facility and the owners are awesome and make you feel really welcome no matter your fitness level!
This gym is awesome!
I love this planet fitness, it is always clean and comfortable.
The cosmo gym is one of the nicest places to burn off the calories and build muscle.
So many different machines to choose from when it comes to cardio and weight training.
The gym is located on the 14th floor next to the salon.
Also, the gym is big but needs to be expanded to accommodate everyone.
I always see people going to the tangible fitness center next door and want to give it a try soon.
Hub climbing also offers yoga classes and a weights area to work out in.
I immediately re-upped on my membership at planet fitness.
First, the gym is in a lot with dead beat stores, aka you can find parking easily.
The gym itself is downstairs but it's huge and not cluttered.
There are a bunch of machines in this gym that most gyms don't even have.
A bunch of cardio machines - an empty area, so that would be a plus for me.
I was sad to see that there was no stair master though, considering that it's such a large gym.
Lol, that's my kind of gym.
I'd definitely look into joining this gym, seeing as how incredibly low the prices are..
& i did wish they opened later, since i always workout late at my current 24/7 gym.
If you live close to this gym, go for it!!
**update: i joined the gym - traffic is not that bad.
This brand new planet fitness was nice.
Not nice as the gyms at the venetian or the caesar's, but still good.
Anytime fitness has been a real help to me and my husband.
The gym is new and so clean!
Great trainers and owners.
I volunteer personal train here for the swim portion of triathlons.
Accomplishing a fitness goal is so much more than just working out and eating right.
Thrive fit is the best place that i have ever gone to for group personalized training.
), have gym socials every so often as well, among others.
Good amount of free weights.
Clean friendly environment with plenty of gear to work and train hard with.
Amy (my trainer) is phenomenal, and nick and jack are great.
I've belonged to all las vegas gyms in 20 years and anytime fitness/horizon ridge is the best.
Group class, personal training, functional training, machines, free weights, kettle bells, a rowing machine, cardio.
Gym music is low aka not loud.
They are expanding the gym.
The members are focused on fitness.
They are friendly, positive, encouraging and highly skilled in training children and adults.
After only 2 classes, she already knows my child well and she found the best approach to train train him.
She trains each child according to their needs and she really gets to know them.
After class my sister and i felt amazing and accomplished, like we had just spent two hours at the gym.
I've heard it time after time "you don't need to go to the gym", "you're already thin".
What i love about this gym is the 'judgement free zone".
If you're looking for a juice head gym, then this isn't the place for you.
There aren't very many weights, they're limited on that.
Go to a bigger gym if you want all the extra perks.
I have a yoga membership separate from my gym membership.
The whole yoga at the gym thing doesn't seem right to me so this place is perfect for me.
Basically you rotate between treadmill, rower and resistance weight training.
My level of fitness before is jog 2-3 miles/weights once weekly with skiing/hiking/biking on side.
I absolutely love working out at underground fitness.
I highly recommended underground fitness for your health and fitness needs!
Only about 100 bucks per month for unlimited training.
This gym is filled every day with cool people and positive energy.
Crossfit is funtional training for everyone.
Eos is a great gym!
This gym is a must try!!!
I've tried almost every type of fitness club there is and this one is by far the greatest.
Not only do you get a personal trainer pushing you at every visit but there are no "class times".
This is a great gym if you want a basic work out, lol.
Going to this gym for over a year has made me downright spoiled.
The gym floor itself is extensive, with a variety of weight machines, free weights, and cardio equipment.
Also the group fitness classes are great!
Sidney is an amazing trainer.
It's much more than a gym.
The trainers are incredible!
The ad advertised a 6 week nutrition and fitness challenge.
Absolutely love this gym!
Most gyms and fitnesses seem so intimidating to me, but not this one!
My whole family has joined the gym with me this past year and they all love it too!
I take the group fitness classes and really like the instructors.
If you love high intense cardio, this is for you!
I had high hopes for this gym.
Finally, the overall condition of the gym was sorely disappointing.
Once inside, unpainted walls, exposed wiring, insulation strewn about and very confusing gym equipment left me scratching my head.
Overall this gym gets a 1 out 5.
I'll stick to planet fitness.
The trainers beyond friendly, dedicated to helping you excel and pushing you past your limits.
Some of arizona's greatest and deadliest fighters work and train here.
The exercises are always different and the gym offers a comfortable and welcoming environment.
The gym offers private sessions and group classes.
Workouts are divided evenly from children to elderly, but bottom line, kpb's trainers will get you in shape!
I recommend this place to anyone interested in training or learning taekwondo.
Tyson is an excellent personal trainer!
Beginning with cardio, they ensure to get you fit and ready to throw some uppercuts when the time comes.
Thanks to their 90-day challenge and fitness training, i lost 30 pounds and have kept it off for two years.
Aside from the fitness classes, the krav maga self defense training is extremely empowering and reality based.
Thanks to the confidence i gained through my training, i had the strength to leave a physically abusive work environment.
I am a 64 year old, overweight man recovering from back surgery.
Trainers are enthusiastic and committed to  making us all better.
You'll never want to go to another gym.
Best group fitness studio in the city!
A friendly gym--busy, but welcoming.
There are quite a few of us older folks using your gym--don't forget us!
The reviews are right, in one respect, only:  this gym isn't for everyone.
If you don't care for one, go to another class before making an assessment of the entire gym.
3)  they are in the business of fitness.
Each instructor has fighting experience, which i think is important when you're going to a boxing gym.
He is an asset to jab fitness.
So in all fairness i don't know much about the gym itself minus taking the class.
From what i can tell it's trainer based more so than a membership type gym.
You feel like you are really training and doing exercises that an actual boxer would incorporate into their workouts.
Freedom fitness cave creek is under new management and is undergoing incredible changes.
I sometimes drive the extra miles to train here.
It's a big gym with a lot of equipment.
Love this gym !
I have tried a lot of different gyms in the past, but knockout fitness is my absolute favorite!
If you are on the fence about this gym, try it, i promise you will like it!
This place does have some weight equipment, but the main focus is cardio.
I don't feel like i have to dress up for the gym, people are there to workout not find dates.
All and all this is a great gym.
Nikole and dirk run a fantastic crossfit gym.
I would encourage, strongly, coming into the gym to make your own judgments.
I'm 41, overweight, and hadn't had a real workout in almost a decade.
In regards to the intensity, i am ashamed to say that i started jab fitness in horrible shape.
I think that this may be misunderstood by people who are used to working out in corporate gyms.
I love, love, love jab fitness.
Still going to this awesome little gym!
Well rounded gym with knowledgeable staff and trainers.
That's more than i pay for a monthly gym membership :(   but otherwise i loved it.
There are personal trainers you can hire to help or just ask them questions if you need advice.
I have trained with randy for several years.
Randy offers great after school training for kids, and also has flexible hours for working adults.
I really loved this gym when i was a member, the major downside for me were the hours.
I go to classes at the southpointe location and can't say enough good things about the gym!
The trainers are fantastic and really care about helping you get results.
No matter what your fitness level is, you'll feel comfortable here.
Very intense and fun training!
Great, fun gym atmosphere.
I love coming in to do their cardio boxing class.
Cabin fever is such a real thing i'm so blessed a place like the little gym exists!!
It was circuit training involving weights and cardio.
One was challenge involving cardio and legs and the other one was more upper body.
There are two floors (basement floor is partially under construction still) with cardio and weight machines and general exercise room.
They also have an option for private fitness sessions for an additional fee.
It's is a very clean gym and for the price; it's hard to beat when compared to others gym pricing.
Lots of cardio machine.
Highly recommend this gym!
This is the best gym i have ever been to!!!
He always answers my many questions about health and fitness!
The trainers are top notch energetic enthusiastic and knowledgeable .
I love going to workout and play at my new gym  with amazing new faces!
The best trainer in vegas, a truly motivating hilarious engaging slave driver.
Less intimidating than pick up type gyms (love the soft orange lighting) and the trainers kick ass lol!
This eos is the new standard for gym quality!
Not your average gym where they just scan your key tag and don't say anything--they're all actually friendly and encouraging!
Definitely the gym you want to go to.
It's super clean right now too because it just opened--nothing better than brand new weights.
I want to give it a 5 but can't because it's not attached to a full gym, the only downside.
This is a brand new gym all the equipments are new.
I love how they have a functional training area (green turf) it has every equipment you need.
Find me and babe in the heavy weight/leg room area.
This new gym has quite the reputation.
Of course they have your eos cinema cardio room, but they have a spin room, pool/sauna, and heavy lifting room.
It's like having a personal trainer for a fraction of the price.
Plenty of free weights and tons of mixed cardio equipment.
I've been to a lot of gyms, but i love this one because of aaron kolu!
Going to this gym is the highlight of my day.
I am getting stronger and more coordinated thanks to the guidance of my trainer, austin.
Cardio is treadmill, erg (rowing), stairs, boxing and others.
I mean, how much of a fan of the gym can you be?
Joined eos fitness last november and it's been a solid place to get my workout on.
Solid gym that provides what it needs to.
Switched from a personal trainer, and moved from lifetime to jab.
Large weight room and multiple fitness training and cardio rooms as well.
The ymca gym is absolutely amazing!
They have a traditional gym area that has tons of machines of every kind.
I really could do without more people at my gym, but what the hell...
They are guided by a computerized trainer that tracks your every move on a thumb drive.
We love the cardiofit class.
They help motivate you to accomplish your fitness goals and are a great example of healthy fitness.
The gym is very clean and everyone is so nice.
Edwin, a trainer was very helpful and offered to show me around.
The 24/7 hours are extremely helpful and was a deal breaker in choosing a gym.
Tonight, that was definitely taken to the next level at chris anthony fitness.
The staff is highly trained and will give you an amazing workout every day.
No stuffy, clicky gym stuff.
But they also offer private and semi-private training.
A good sized gym with all the amenities and friendly staff that will greet you by name.
The trainers are really good and they give you lots of alternatives for injuries.
If we lived in madison, sanctify would be our gym.
Basketball courts,racket ball, free weights, workout equipment ready to be used.
Lots of cardio warm-up and lots of bag punching (never sparring.)
Two of my favorite places in vegas are my gym and lied library.
Pool, running track, women's gym, nice people...etc.
Love the trainers at orange theory tempe!!
I train here and so do my kids.
I don't have time to spend 2 hours in the gym each day or spend 6 hours cycling anymore.
Ctown sets themselves apart from other crossfit boxes (gyms) in a few ways.
The instructors are highly trained, highly knowledgeable instructors that look well after each student, even in a class of 20!
High intensity, little down time creates a superb training regimentduring each class.
I love the fitness center.
The weight area has older equipment, but it is clean and in good condition and works fine.
They offer a larger than average selection based on the benchmark average of downtown cle gyms.
Closed (except for fitness) sat & sund.
I loved the cleanliness, and they had equipment there many gyms don't have(i had fun pushing the sled).
If i lived in toronto, i would live at this gym.
Note: i"m doing these sessions and going to my regular gym (mountainside fitness) too.
Then, we tried a mega-gym along warner... unhappy there too!
We decided to give anytime fitness another shot, but this time we picked a different location with a different owner.
This is a great little gym for busy people who want to stay active :)
I really like lifestyle, it's a neighborhood gym that has a comfortable vibe.
Great mix of free, cardio, & machines.
Before joining sccs, i had tried out just about every other gym in the area.
I mostly use the cardio and weights area, which although modest has everything i need.
The monthly dues are reasonable, and personal training is also available and affordable but never pressured.
This is a fantastic gym.
My endurance has improved, my legs are getting stronger and my overall outlook to fitness has improved.
I don't know what to do when i go to a regular gym, but this class kicks my butt.
A lot of improvements in recent years - renovated fitness equipment, new pavement in the parking lot, and more.
It seems like i'm in the minority here, but i really like this gym.
This place is by far the best type of gym there is!
You have a great gym there!
Love this gym very convenient for me since i live right up the street also very clean
I love this gym.
This really is the best gym i have ever worked out in.
That is so important in a gym.
The cardio room is spacious and the music is good and loud in case you forgot your ipod.
There is also a gym, yoga classes, racket-ball courts, party rooms for kids.
The one thing i don't like is the uncleanliness of the cardio room.
I've been going to this gym for years!
I get a great hour workout, i've tried 3 different trainers and all 3 have been great.
They have free weights and showers..
I mainly use the free weights, and there's a pretty large area with tons of equipment.
The trainers are knowledgeable and helpful.
Nick covers training and nutrition so my results are coming along.
Oh fitness ... my arch nemesis for so many years!
Yes, i have joined gyms large and small in the past in london, new york and here in the valley.
So then i stumble across funktional fitness when i move to downtown gilbert and things changed.
The first thing to say is that this is not a gym.
It's a fitness destination where you can work out to make everyday activities easier while losing weight and getting fit.
I've worked out for years both with and without trainers and this is by far the best value.
I have to say that mhf is one of the best small gyms i have ever joined!
Natalie " my own personal trainer" is awesome!
Let's quickly get to the good stuff about this gym.
Not only trx, we did weight lifting exercises along with squats, jumping  jacks, push up and planks.
It's definitely a work out but enjoyable for any level of fitness.
I have been to a lot of gyms in the area.
I look for gyms that are not busy and have all the necessary equipment for my bodybuilding workouts.
Instructors are great and i like the balance between cardio and resistance.
Great atmosphere and range of fitness levels from superhero to beginner.
It's put together like my current gym, lifetime fitness.
So, i began working out on my own at a nearby powerhouse gym.
So i signed up for their fitness boxing class.
Also, the tvs built into the cardio equipment makes "treadmill time" a little more bearable.
The weights are very user friendly, and quick!
My family had a gym membership to the troy, mi location before we moved here.
The gym was less than a mile from our house, and very convenient.
Now that we live in cleveland heights, the gym is a bit of a drive, but well worth it!
This gym has everything you could want, and more than you thought you needed.
There are lots of fitness classes, and non are too crowded that i've been to or seen.
The weight machines/equipment are standard, and so are the cardio machines.
Great gym, and worth the extra price!
Great gym with lots of classes for anyone or anything.
A gym with full basketball area and work out facility with full pool next door for any ages.
A great gym located right in the heart of summerlin of the 215w.
I highly recommended this la fitness to anyone who is serious about getting healthy.
I love this gym.
Visited project fitness while on a quick trip to vegas to see some friends.
Ok i know the cross fit folks can be a little intimidating if you are not a gym dweller.
I would suggest starting with  one  45min class, unless you've been hitting the weights and cardio you will be tired!
I personally like this gym.
But it's not busy and getting a good training session in shouldn't be a problem on most days.
Like the rest of the gyms that i workout at, this one has it's pros and cons.
This may not be the best gym for a heavy back or leg day.
After i quit my hot yoga groupon, i was searching for the next gym to try out.
But the trainers here, candace, sierra, sunny, tommy, & jj are all awesome!
This is exactly what i've been looking for and probably the reason why i could never commit to a gym.
I personally can't and don't like using gym machines, i need a class where i will be challenged and motivated.
I'm loving this gym, its small but they have everything you need.
But if you're dropping the weight on every single rep, you are using way more weight than you can handle.
You would think they were all training to be olympic power lifters.
But half these dudes aren't even in shape, and the weights they are dropping is like 135 pounds, lol.
It's a joke really, but at least its not like planet fitness with the stupid lunk alarm.
I hate the fact it is not 24 hour, other than that, great gym!
I like that there seems to be gym etiquette there.
I'm a big fan of the fitness classes - they offer kinesis, yoga, barre, pilates, zumba, spin, cross fit, etc.
I don't use the personal trainer service, but others who do seem to be pretty content.
Good selection of cardiovascular and weight equipment.
Don't know about fitness classes.
The trainers are great with all my questions.
This is a challenging workout not your everyday treadmill,elliptical gym.
This is different everyday and has many amazing uplifting and hard ass trainers to help motivate.
I was referred to protogym by a good friend and have been extremely satisfied.
The gym is owned by the trainer and it is pretty much a one man operation.
You are given a scanner key and are able to access the gym 24/7/365.
The gym offers all of the equipment you would need for successful circuit training and cardio.
The really neat function is the protogym software in conjunction with the gym.
The website lists in full everything offered at the gym.
Mike, the trainer/owner is extremely friendly, knowledgeable and will kick your butt in his boot camp classes.
The location is new, meaning so is the gym equipment.
I really like this gym since i like to get my workout in and go.
Their trainers will push you just enough to challenge you and motivate you.
You have only weight to loss.
This is individualized fitness at its very best!
:)  koko fitclub is unique in its computerized machines that tailor create your fitness regimen - just for you.
I joined la fitness on wednesday, and had a free personal training session with josh on friday.
It was the best personal training session i've ever had!
Can't say enough good things about josh and la fitness!
I love my gym.
This gym is fairly new, very clean and they have nice staff.
Great place to work on your fitness goals.
I signed up for a gym membership almost two years ago and just never went.
The trainers are super supportive and coach you through the entire workout.
This gym is incredible, with lots of fun things to do.
I started out strength training twice a week to build muscle (but as an additional bonus i lost body fat).
(warning: once you see positive results, the gym could be addicting).
Yes, personal training does cost money, but you are worth it.
Ps: if working with prior military is intimidating, liz is a good trainer and so is leah okner.
The staff and trainers are so amazing and super supportive!
Jake, jenni, and ron are awesome trainers.
The trainers are amazing!
I have completely surpassed any and all of my fitness goals here.
At this 24 hour fitness, the staff is great.
Ed, roxy, stacy, and nicole are amazing trainers and always super helpful.
Great gym, instructors and members.
Have been working out for a few years, but crossfit, and this gym in particular, have really made a difference.
I enjoy going to the gym for the first time in my life.
I am so happy i found a gym home.
Great members, amazing trainers and staff, and regular fun events that make it much more than a gym.
A bit expensive when you compare them to the big box gyms, but i've found it to be worth it.
Get a sweat on w/a  combo of weights and cardio and then go home.
Project fitness appeared as a new offering through classpass.
They offer open gym if you prefer to workout on your own.
There are women working out at all fitness levels.
Trainers are very supportive and knowledgeable.
In 15 visits, down 6 (solid, not fluctuating from water weight) lbs, and inches all over (waist, bust, thighs mostly!).
My climbing went up a whole level at the rock gym.
The light left and it was time to lift weights.
April is one trainer & coach who stands out among a group of amazing people.
So i have no clue what the gym is like at other times.
The gym basically has two levels.
One level has the cardio equipment ( bicycles, cross-trainers etc.
The second floor has the weight machines + free weights  and at least 10 treadmills facing yonge street.
Some personal trainers are plain rude and /or laissez-faire toward their non-clients.
Not a very chatty gym (like good life down the street).
Gym membership renewal was a breeze with the new assistant manager.
Green p city parking lot behind the gym.
5/5 if parking were free for gym members.
Just recently learned he has his own gym.
Great workout for all levels of fitness
Frog's has been my gym for over a year now and it's great.
The owner vito is awesome too...great fella, and the family owned vibe is a strong contrast to big commercial gyms.
One of my favorite gyms i've ever been a member of.
This isn't some planet fitness type setup.
Definitely recommend if you're looking for a zumba specific gym in the area!
I highly recommend this facility to any one who needs either physical therapy or a personal trainer.
I'm down 30 pounds and actually look forward to going to the gym.
Awesome all-women's gym for a great price!
The gym has a lot of cardio equipment (ellipticals, treadmills...) and all the basic machines you could need.
If you're looking for a crossfit gym then stop looking and come here.
I have been to a few kickboxing gyms, but this one is my favorite by far!
The gym has a full set of free weights, cardio room with a great verity of equipment.
The gym is extremely well kept and i was to live here, this would be the gym for me.
This is the only gym i've ever liked.
The gym is small, a pleasant contrast to the traditional megagym, and the staff are very friendly.
This is an amazing gym!
Everyone at this gym is so inviting.
The gym is great, absolutely on par with the tempest academies in la.
I like this so much more than the gym in my opinion!
This is my gym and i'm writing a review because they place doesn't have any post being renovated.
I'm one of those people though who really only use the gym for a treadmill and light lifting.
The gym is well equipped with machines for total body conditioning and free weights.
Tac prides themselves on providing quality group training classes beginning at 5:30am until 7:00pm most every day.
It is a family gym environment but the parking is limited.
If you are anywhere in ohio and is looking for a gym.
I am a california girl and gym is our second home.
Anyone that's gives this places less then 5 starts is delusional, works for another gym or can't be please.
Any other gym doesn't even compare by a long shot.
I was never the type of person to enjoy working out until i found about funktional fitness!
This gym is amazing!
Everyone of the trainers are super nice and really motivating they push you to be the best you can be!
This is a great local business and neighborhood gym!
I highly recommend this gym to anyone and everyone!
This gym accommodated my needs to continue my fitness while i was traveling.
The front desk, sales and training manager were exceptional.
Love the workout, love the trainers!
I've never liked going to a gym, staring at the machines, wondering what to do and how long??
It's like having a personal trainer.
My only goal then was to lose the weight i gained since i turned 40.
But it was a challenge looking for a gym that has a team patient enough to work with me.
It is like going to the gym and therapy at the same time because i feel good after every workout.
My husband and i joined lifetime to get back into a fitness routine.
I've worked out at a lot of different gyms in my life, and this one is the best by far.
Thanks crew at my planet fitness!
The trainers make the workout fun and will challenge you to push yourself.
No matter where your fitness level is, count on getting an amazing workout.
Michelle even took the time after gym hours to give me a 45 min.
Kadi fit is no ordinary fitness studio.
The classes range from strength, cardio, boxing, plyometrics, yoga and even some dancing.
Being a runner, i was looking for a fitness studio that would help me improve my pace/time.
Nice gym, lots of equipment and members that are serious about working out.
I was tired of the same rountines i did at a regular gym.
Nice gym, clean, peaceful...
Super basic gym, but this is definitely the cleanest and quietest 24 hour fitness i have ever been to!!
As a physician, i recognize the incredible value of the combined cardio and strength training provided.
We love to add this into our weekly routine as it is intense cardio with fun attached.
It really helps us to control our weight as well.
Jenny and marshall are my favorite trainers btw.
This is my favorite gym!
It is like having a personal trainer without the $100/session price tag.
My favorite part is that this is a great workout that is designed and attracts people of all fitness levels.
Overall a great place for you and your family to train.
Overall a great gym!
It can be busy at times, but that is every gym right?
I've done "big box" gyms, who only care about the bottom line.
I've done mass bootcamps, 30+ people and 1 trainer which do not provide 1:1 attention.
The best part is that the owners have hired trainers that actually care about your progress and your fitness goals.
I train with lj and camille and they are absolutely amazing!
Camille is the kindest, sweetest, most motivational trainer i have ever met.
I am so grateful i found scott, ron, camille & lj at underground fitness.
The best trainers, classes, and therefore gym in the se valley (read: go now)!
When my beautiful, yet chronically suffering, wife needed serious corrective physical training after months (years actually) of debilitating, out-of-work pain.
She's now been training with him for over 2 years now with dramatically-improved results.
The reality is...we are so happy we found this gym and recommend you find them too.
Came with some friends to try out this gym/obstacle course.
It looked like some sort of circuit / strength training class.
If trainers at other health clubs won't settle for working out where they work, why should you?
I enjoy the level attention provided whether in a class or during a personal training session.
I would highly recommended underground fitness.
Love the selection of group fitness classes and variety of machines.
This gym in the molasky building provides validation for 2 hours in parking garage.
I highly recommend josh wells the personal trainer.
His degree emphasized functional fitness.
I look forward to gym days!
Chose this gym primarily for the 24 hour 7 day availability since my previous job had random hours.
The equipment is maintained well, there are good cardio and weight machines.
I have been coming to this gym for the last 2 years and some months now.
I actually started with this gym when it was golds and had no problem getting set up.
I had checked out la fitness - wasn't a fan.
Planet fitness wasn't for my style.
I would recommend all those who are looking to get involved in fitness to eos.
Reformed is unlike any other gym or fitness experience.
This is the best gym.
My husband and i having been going to this gym every day for about 2 months and we love it.
Wide variety of ages and fitness levels.
If you are looking for a true non judgemental gym, this is the place!
Down stairs you have most of your cardio machines.
Then there is the weight floor.
These are the areas i use since i come without a trainer and don't use any of their class opportunities.
From the person who greats you to the people who train others.
I just have to give a shout out to my amazing trainers!
I was over weight and i am down 10lbs in 7 weeks.
I am not only losing weight but i am gaining muscle!
The gym is always clean and have such a great vibe!!
I attended an orangetheory fitness class for the first time this evening.
A new gym is opening near me in old town scottsdale so i decided to take the plunge.
The center is clean and organized, the staff is friendly, and the personal trainers are encouraging without being drill sergeants.
I sweated more than i ever have during my workouts at my regular gym.
The workouts can be modified for people of all different fitness levels.
I recommend orangetheory fitness to everyone.
I love this gym!
I've trained at planet fitness, 24 hr fitness, lvac and others.
My favorite gym of all time.
Open 24 hours, amazing classes and schedules, women's gym separate from the general gym upstairs, variety and plenty of equipment.
Yes there are a lot of people constantly, however gym is clean and amenities are a plus.
We actually look forward to going to the gym in the evening after work.
I can't say that about my previous training regimens.
With crossfit you have to be careful about the gym you pick as they are definitely not all the same.
This gym is awesome!
The gyms super clean, and the music is way better then any gym i've been in.
This gym is very clean and immaculate.
Great club with exceptional pricing for juniors (younger than 40 for club and younger than 30 for fitness center).
Fitness club is located adjacent to the main building.
This was an incredibly amazing gym, too bad they closed it.
There is no other gyms like this in toronto, bastards left me with goodlife now.
Kevin should try and open this gym again.
I would recommend this over any other zumba classes at the other gyms.
I plan on joining after my gym membership expires.
There is so much support and an over all welcoming feeling when you are at this gym.
Brought a couple of my friends in to train with me and their reaction was the same as mine, "wow".
Have you ever stepped inside a gym and immediately felt the feeling of inspiration.
Although very inspiring, these are not the main reasons this gym makes an individual want to workout.
The most get in here and get your ass to work feature of this gym is the game itself.
Nevertheless, i would highly recommend this facility to any and everyone who has pride in their training an results.
I like the size of the gym and the selection of machines, weights, etc.
The treadmills and cardio machines were recently updated and are really nice.
They have nice workout rooms and plenty of space throughout the gym to move around without running into people.
The trainers seem really nice, too, and they'll set you up on the activtrax system if you want.
Well, in the afternoon, don't be surprised if the gym is overrun by school kids.
I've tried personal trainers and found myself continuously bored with their workouts.
It really works all muscle groups whether the class is cardio based or strength.
They achieve this by fostering a culture of camaraderie and commitment, along with elite fitness programming.
), so we could "throw down" a little.. drop some weights ( ya bail, if ya fail!
I love this gym.
The owner keeps the gym super clean and this location is brand new.
Nice, cheap gym with friendly staff.
The gym doesn't get too packed, so you'll rarely have parking issues or be waiting for machines.
My current gym wouldn't have allowed this based on past experiences i've had with them.
Where else can you find so many class and group fitness options under one roof in toronto or the gta?
Totally spectacular gym located on sahara.
I never would think a gym could be noted for its ambiance... but city athletic has it for dayz!
My wife and i started training with nick a few weeks ago.
Secondly this gym is good for all "no judgment" for real not just a slogan to sell memberships.
This gym has a mixture of people of all fitness levels.
It's a really convenient location, and i feel like i'm getting a great gym for a really good price.
It is evident that the staff at this gym cares deeply about it's members.
Don't have enough things to say about this gym.
The entire crossfit experience is great - from the different exercises, workouts, and techniques my fitness has definitely improved.
Terry and wendy are unbelievably nice and customize workouts to every age and fitness level.
I have enjoyed the connection that i have made with them and other members of the gym.
Easily the biggest gym i've ever been to.
Personal training is available for additional cost.
The trainer shows you each exercise before beginning an exercise.
So glad planet fitness is now in penn hills.
No messing around type of gym.
Cardio machines are a bit dirty but people are in there sweating on them all day long.
I love this fitness center.
What a well-maintained gym!
I recently signed up at this gym an really love it.
My husband saw a sign at the fitness center.
Our favorite trainer is jerid although the other trainers bring the rain too!
Because of nick's training and my commitment and persistence i'm on my way to being #40andfit.
I have been going to this gym for the past 6 months, it is excellent.
Paul offers a unique form of exercise, in a unique non discriminating, non intimidating boxing gym environment.
Paul is an excellent trainer with infinite patience.
The gym has a friendly vibe and the staff are extremely accomodating.
Melissa runs this program and she is an excellent trainer - vibrant, energetic and encouraging.
I hightly recommend this gym and all of its programs.
Fantastic school for teaching gymnastics.
Nice gym, stopped in for an event "fury" this is an enormous facility.
Great clean gym and not more than 6 other people anytime i have gone.
Good equipment and feels like your own gym.
They have yoga, kick boxing, personal training, pool and hot tub all on site for free.
He can match you with the perfect trainer for your needs.
I really appreciate him sharing his knowledge and tips for weight training.
In an attempt to change my daily routine, i decided to visit this 24 hour fitness location.
I am impressed with the number of cardio machines and weight machines they have.
In addition, i found this gym to very clean.
It's a large enough gym with all your cardio and free weight lifting areas.
They have a nice room for yoga or other fitness classes they usually hold during the week.
Don't expect to see competition weight lifters or anybody like that here.
I found that to be the best part of the gym.
The trainers also are a great addition and are pleasing to work with.
I recommend this gym whole-heartily and prefer this gym than the other mega gyms around the area.
The trainers are outstanding with us as individuals and as a group.
You know what i mean - not every gym has the same type of crowd.
Very much enjoy going to this location for my training.
Joined at the request of my personal trainer and was pleasantly surprised.
The gym is not overly crowded which makes working out nice.
The members at the gym are friendly and helpful.
City athletic club is a gym like no other!
I love the intimacy this gym offers while meeting all of my training needs.
If you're looking to take your fitness goals to the next level then city athletic is the place to go.
Wright's is a no frills local gym and it has all you need for a work out.
Different cardio and weight machines.
I love this gym - i've been with this gym since if first opened.
In short, i can say that underground fitness has phenomenal team of personal trainers.
They obliterate what is the stereotypical trainer.
Most trainers would have no idea how to handle me, but will kenosha stepped up to the plate!
He is my personal trainer, and i am thankful for it!
When you have great trainers like these, they attract a fantastic clientele.
This gym had it all for the local gym rat!
Lots of cardio, newer machines and a respectable free-weight area.
Until, the "vulture" la fitness bought out 24-hour.
And you can take my 20 year 24-hour fitness club membership with you to the depths of moldy gym hell!
There are two sides to this: the business model itself and then the trainers.
Every trainer i've worked with has been attentive to my shoulder injury and offers modifications when necessary.
I've always struggled with gyms because of how people might be perceiving me.
Martial arts, self defense, fitness classes, freeweights, etc.
Lots of parking and much less expensive than a personal trainer.
It's super crowded here all the time but it's still a good gym!
It was interval training and felt impossible to me.
The trainers though... they are so motivating.
I cannot express my gratitude for this gym and its supportive staff/members.
I would recommend it to anyone who needs a gym close to mts.
The gym staff are very supportive and motivating.
The trainers are the best in the business.
They are all licensed and trained in the fitness industry with nutrition experience.
Ground level is the pool, gymnasium, registration, etc.
Third floor is the cardio machines and the weights (there's also another single person restroom on that floor).
This gym has it all.
Work out equipment free weights.
I signed up as a member of 24 hour fitness about a month ago.
Trainer daniel helped me out an invited me to come to a new class: functional training on saturday mornings.
He's a great trainer all around.
The rest of the gym is cool too.
I have 2 boys 4 and 6 that also use the gym and it is a great family atmosphere.
Very nice gym room floor.
But, i honestly don't feel that way at lifestyle fitness.
The gym is small, but has pretty much all of the amenities i want!
- super friendly owner and overall comfortable feeling in the gym.
Good hard working people/trainers, good vibes and good place to learn boxing and get in shape!
I've been to a lot of gyms in las vegas and this one has the best of both worlds.
It is a good mix of cardio and weights.
Maybe one day i will join hubby at the gym when i want a bit more of a challenge!
Up the stairs and you have tons of free weights, machines, and a seperate area with the cardio equipment.
It has been six days since i joined this gym and so far i am very impressed.
They have a plethora of cardio machines including two upper body ergometers (a favorite of mine).
My membership included a personal training session.
Martin, the personal trainer was very friendly and contacted me via text several times to see how i was doing.
Wonderful assortment of fitness classes included with membership and jeremy in the spin class does an excellent job.
Overall a great gym.
They have many treadmills, ellipticals, 2 arc trainers, recumbent steppers & ellipticals.
The have a room with cybex weight machines.
There's also a room with free weights, a pool, and racquetball court.
Otfah has great trainers and staff who encourage each of us to do our best.
The absolute best gym to go to in the area.
Nicest people, friendly staff, and everything you could possibly need in a gym.
Always have guest passes available as well, have nothing negative to say about this gym!
When i move ill be more upset about leaving this gym than leaving the town lol
Visited the gym and i must say the staff there are awesome, knowledgeable and super friendly.
I hate going to the gym, period.
This is the un gym!
It has all the equipment of the other gyms.
They even have a personal trainer if you want one.
I have been training with her for a month and a half and was referred to her by my friend.
I have lost 7lbs and 8 inches throughout my body in the first month of training with jess!
If you are looking for a trainer that is extremely hands on and personalized call jess!
The trainers lexi, drew, erica and ivan are seriously amazing!
The gym is really clean and well kept!
Hands down then best gym in vegas!!
First as a pt patient with elbow and shoulder issues and now come for regular workout and training sessions.
George nicolopolous has been my trainer for several months and he is the best.
I would highly recommend george as a trainer.
This is tina g., i'm having a great experience at my new gym.
The facility is amazing, will is very knowledgable and friendly trainer.
I've tried many different gyms in the past and this is the best gym and trainer by far!
I have been going to la fitness for over 10 years and this has to be my favorite location.
My fianc and i attend this location frequently and are a part of this great fitness family.
The trainers have helped tremendously.
I am now motivated and eager to get to the gym.
I'm not a gym person more so because they always made me feel self conscious.
Followed tj, the owner, from lifetime fitness and i have not been disappointed.
This gym is fantastic.
They promote a community vibe and really help people accomplish their fitness goals.
He takes a holistic approach to fitness and gives you all the tools you need to be successful.
His infectious personality and love for what he does is evident throughout this gym.
Everyone here is committed to helping you achieve your fitness goals, even the other members!
I don't know if i could settle for the hum drum of a "regular" gym again.
This gym is awesome!
Remember the gym is only of value if you use it!
Ilovekickboxing is the perfect name for this gym!
So happy to be apart of this gym &family!
I can spend a full day at this gym with all of the amenities!
As with all gyms and work-outs, you choose the best for you.
The gym trainers are very nice and come to class with a good playlist.
My fitness is constantly getting better because of this place.
Omg....a gym with food.....hot food!
Did the p90x live workout with the trainer rawlins.
If you live in the neighborhood it is a great affordable gym to be a member of.
This is not a gym for everyone.
There are tow main rooms for most people - the fitness room and the weight room.
The fitness room has 8 treadmills, 2 stair steppers, 4 ellipticals, and 4 stationary bikes.
The weight room has a nice variety of weight training equipment and there is a good collection of free weights.
There is a standard gymnasium where we play paddle tennis several days a week.
While this place may not be for all, it's a great little gym to join and enjoy.
The photos i've included do not show the fitness nor weight rooms.
Been to other gyms that are dark and felt dingy.
Trainers are so welcoming, fun and helpful!
Normally i try to work out at home and hate gyms but i love kicking is so much fun!
These might not be the most lavish gyms in vegas.
If there's one gym i would recommend to anyone, it would be city athletic club.
The personal training is still only $109/mo for twelve 30-min sessions with staff trainers al and jason.
Love this gym everybody makes you feel so welcome.
I have had a gym membership here at the robinson location for about 3 months now.
Before, i was making a transition from planet fitness to la.
I'm sure some of you have gone through this as well when you hit a wall in your fitness journey.
Once i got my membership set up it was finally time to hit the gym!
First thing you notice coming in is all the cardio machines; treadmills, bikes and ellipticals were on the bottom floor.
Then when you head upstairs are all the weights and lifting machines.
All in all, great facility, clean and awesome trainers that work there.
She is such an awesome trainer!
I can tell she's really passionate and invested as a trainer.
You're a great studio overall with an expansive schedule, friendly front office staff,  and superb trainers.
And quickly fell in love with the program, my gym buddies, eating well, and transforming my life in every way.
I was scared to death to start at a new gym .
Not many places, especially gyms can make that claim.
Best crossfit gym in town!
The gym was mellow and there was no wait for any sort of equipment.
The gym is clean and the staff was super friendly.
I've never worked out at a gym with this method of monitoring your heart rate it's quite interesting!
Best gym in las vegas.
Raw fitness will help you achieve your goals .
The instructors are engaging, friendly, and welcoming to all newcomers, no matter what your fitness level might be.
Why this gym/box over the others?
It's a great gym and they have great facilities.
It's usually busy in the evening, but not so much compared to other goodlife fitnesses.
I'm sure though all the trainers at the west mall are great.
Looks like i'll have to scout for a new gym as well.
This has been a great functional gym.
A huge difference from an every day (or 5x weekly) gym visit.
Nick is great for weight loss, better habits, and maintaining goals.
Couldnt ask for more from a gym.
I was traveling for work and didn't want to be out of the gym for 2 weeks.
The best gym in henderson !
Best trainer in the west valley diane is also a masseuse she will get you back on the grind quick.
Older gym feel and equipment, but efficient.
Nice staff, lots of light in cardio area.
Thanks for letting me join your gym for the weekend.
I was primarily attracted by how close the gym was to my house, and the extent of weightlifting equipment.
Also helped me meet my fitness goals prior to my wedding/honeymoon.
If you have had a gym membership in the past, customer service is extremely important.
I would recommend this gym and actually prefer it over some of the more expensive gyms in the proximity.
My favorite thing about this gym is the kids club.
I've never been much for the gym environment, but the affordable childcare really turned this around for me.
I've worked with trainers amy and mike who are both excellent.
They work with people no matter their fitness level.
I finally found a local gym that smells good!lol
So i am a mid 40's guy who was kind of lost in the fitness game.
I love to weight train and i have done the marathon thing.
Having let my fitness slip a little during residency i was looking for something different.
Globo gym stuff was just not exciting me to get fit anymore.
The vibe in this gym is so electric every hour.
It's the most addictive environment in any crossfit gym in the city.
We are truly a family and my wife and i spend time with a ton of members outside the gym.
I live for this gym!
There is no other crossfit gym for me other than crossfit blur.
The weight equipment is still aged, and the space is a little cramped for all the machines and free weights.
Well, this location in ahwatukee is not quite a palace, but as gyms go it's pretty damn close.
That must be hard to do with a gym since so many other designs get it wrong.
Help is friendly and plentiful, and in joining you get a fitness consultation that actually seems to be cluefull.
The trainers and employees manage to treat people as adults and not as children or draft inductees.
This "gym" is honestly the most fun i've ever had at any gym.
For the price point, it is an excellent gym.
I recommend this gym to all of my friends.
Best gym in las vegas!
Started training in brazillian jiu jitsu here back in july.
I've trained in various martial arts styles over the years but this is my first time joining a bjj dojo.
I've joined the gym, that didn't last long.
If you are serious about fitness and are looking for your starting point, this is it!
I've never been a fan of gyms until i started going here.
The trainers are all great though lj is my favorite.
Good gym, great vibe, decent price!
Extremely pleased with this fitness studio!!
Without a doubt, i wouldn't choose to train anywhere else.
A clean well maintained facility,  open 24/7 like all snap fitness franchises.
They also offer personal training.
This is not a very high traffic kind of gym which i like.
The weight room is located in the lower floor and there are plenty of free weights and benches.
Left side is the weight i began at; right side is the weight that i can handle now.
You can tell how passionate he is and it reflects in the upkeep of his gym.
I found my new go to gym while visiting phoenix!
This is my favorite gym in the area.
The owner is awesome and the equipment is perfect for my style of training.
I highly recommend this gym for anyone at any fitness level.
Has a unique one-of-a-kind feel that you don't get with the other gym franchises.
Offers personal training and martial arts as well.
The trainers are very helpful and they work with your pace .
It's not my bag but for those so inclined they have all types of fitness classes.
He worked with us in a buddy session and tailored the workout to our fitness levels.
We have been going for 2 months now and he has kicked up the workouts as our fitness levels improve.
Everyone's valued, takes their training serious and still also has a good time.
Lots and lots of machines for weight training and cardio.
I have trained at city athletic club for years now and i love the club.
I love how many knowledgable trainers they have; the gym is clean and there is plenty of equipment to share.
I recommend this gym to everyone.
This gym is amazing!
I enjoy coming to jabz though, it's a great workout for pretty much any fitness level!
I was fairly new to crossfit at that time, with no fitness background whatsoever.
Once i began to train with her, i improved tremendously.
It's been about 6 months since i joined system fitness and for the price and equipment, it's amazing!
The cardio kickboxing is intense but such a good workout.
Crossfit fury offers various levels of training.
They even have 3 levels of kids training.
Overall, i liked this gym.
It's strictly boxing, with a ring in the center of the gym.
The trainer that trained me was great, really nice, and worked me out doing a bunch of different exercises.
The floor is padded, and they have a few extra workout things to help you in your training.
Such things as weights, bars, mats and other things as well.
Typical la a fitness.
My only complaint is i wish they had half weights available.
Oscar the gm at la fitness was so accommodating and met my needs!!
This is my second year, finally was able to take advantage of special offer for personal training.
He designs the training  around you, your ability and goals, no cookie cutter one workout fits all!!
When i first started, i was out of shape and new to personal training.
In fact, i lost all 40 lbs of weight i gained and an additional 5 lbs extra!
I go to the gym at the jcc because i live extremely nearby.
I think the gym facilities are great and i have no idea what anybody would complain about.
The only exception to this was the first months of the year, when new years resolution folks swarmed the gym.
Generally there is no line of people waiting for cardio equipment.
I think the weight room is well-equipped.
I've never worked with a personal trainer - i have no idea how good they are.
I probably won't be trying their training, just because i'm confident in my workout routine as it is.
Like with any gym, when you join there are rules about payment, early cancellation, that kind of thing.
Everyone on yelp was writing reviews like "i can't cancel, they keep charging me, this gym suuuuucks!"
Lots of space, free weights, weight machines, & cardio equipment.
The fact that there is a women's only gym and pool makes working out a great experience.
Overall, an awesome gym and i plan on purchasing a membership soon!
It is so fun and they have open gym on thursdays which is great.
I have not only lost weight since starting to take my jabz classes but feel empowered and more confident.
Most important the trainers all know what they are doing and keep a close eye on form.
I love this gym!
Definitely one of my favorite weight rooms i've trained in.
I moved to downtown pittsburgh from the west coast and my top priority was to find a gym.
The variety of group classes is most varied in content and time compared to other gym options.
It's nice to have access to multiple gyms, multiple group schedules and multiple instructors.
I just started working with one of their personal trainers on site (laura).
Great gym with wonderful people!
Being able to scale and modify makes crossfit work for any body type and fitness level.
High tech equipment (the cardio machine have individual little tv screens).
Truly more like a country club for gym people than a gym.
Our girls ask to come and can't wait to be old enough to join us at the gym.
I am starting week four and absolutely love the atmosphere at funktional fitness.
They seemed to find the perfect trainer for me!
It's great to work out in a place that focuses on training instead of packing people into a gym.
Best gym in vegas.
I'd previously gone to planet fitness and lost a ton of weight but they didn't allow deadlifing and really.
I set that off a couple times just by fatiguing my muscles and dropping the weight on the machine.
Then i found wright's, went to their website and instantly knew that was my gym.
I have to admit, this gym has some bad ass music playing.
Best gym in north scottsdale.
The equipment is sufficient for everyone's needs and the training staff is the best on the planet.
I'd highly recommend this place - regardless of your age, weight or experience level.
Tried extreme fitness cuz my wife had a deal through work but not nearly as good.
This gym has good trainers and good amount of workout equipment.
There are always machines available and the trainers will work with your schedule.
Crossfit style gym with a touch of class.
I love this gym!
But what do i have to lose except some stubborn weight?
Less than a year, i had dropped all my extra weight and gained a strong but slim figure.
It's tough for me to get to the gym and get motivation to get a work out in.
I need to get back in the gym more, and i'm going to keep coming here!
A hallway next to the stair and the women's gym is were you can do lunges.
Loved the place and the trainers were very down to earth (even for scottsdale).
I am a hiker (squaw peak), run with my dogs and occasionally lift weights at the gym with bf.
One thing to point out though....the title of the gym is misleading.
No matter what your fitness level you can start here.
Personal training by appointment.
Personally, royce has helped me so much in my fitness and mental game.
Had the pleasure of dropping in at this gym before heading off to vegas for the weekend debacle.
I loved that the gym had the heater running since it was so cold that day.
I love the trainers, i love the location, i love that i added kickboxing to my fitness workouts.
I've gone to different days and different times, and every time, the trainer gets you sweating to the music.
I also see a personal trainer, josh saunders, and am very happy.
In gym rat terms, a box=gym!
I used to hate / avoid the gym but this place changed my attitude.
I've been going to this planet fitness location for a few weeks now and i am enjoying it so far.
This gym is open 24/7, which is extremely convenient.
I had la fitness a few years back and they closed early on sundays, which i found annoying.
The staff has been quite friendly so far, and i don't feel judgment from other gym members.
I love that they offer personal training sessions at no extra cost.
Overall, i am very satisfied with this planet fitness.
This is the first gym membership i have ever taken on.
La fitness is great place to workout and achieve your personal fitness goals.
Cardio, personal training, basketball courts, free and stationary weights plus a swimming pool to boot.
I give this gym and their staff an a plus.
This is a great gym.
It is much better than the other gym i belonged to!
Loved the vibe, staff and trainers!
Very welcoming and took all intimidation of starting a new gym or fitness program out of the experience.
It's time to get zazzed up on fitness.
This gym is, as every single other person has pointed out, quite affordable for what you get in return.
I lift their weights.
This gym is not typical gold's or lvac so much better!!
Why have a gym and tanning bill.
Anthony is awesome; and will take his time to answer any of your fitness concerns!!
When you walk into the boxing/mma gym you welcomed right away.
My husband and i love it, and appreciate the abundance of class times and open gym access.
Craig, who owns this one, is am awesome trainer.
Lea is the best personal trainer i've ever had.
Tailored fitness to your lifestyle.
I like the equipment that eos gym has to offer.
Other than that the gym is well kept and they offer some cool workout glasses that i'm waiting to try.
I love how many friends i've made at your gym.
Looking for a gym?
Checked out 24 hour fitness in henderson and was not satisfied?
Any gym is like that, just accept the fact!
Eb fitness is by far one of the nicer fitness places i have been to yet!
They have a variety of machines, dumb bells, free weights, racks etc.
All trainers know what they're doing and are very knowledgeable.
The trainers are extremely patient and clearly passionate about what they do.
Much more inviting and friendly then other gyms i've been to!
Gvhc is more of an elite club than a gym.
The membership pays for much more than just treadmills and weights.
As an example, if you are a serious weight-lifter / body builder, there are probably better options.
Their weight training area and equipment is great and not missing much.
But, there are other gyms that would be better for that type of athlete.
Awesome, supportive staff and trainers, up-to-date equipment, lots of equipment options, beautiful decor, and there's hardly ever a broken machine.
And if you're looking for a great trainer- mandy white is friggin amazing!
The trainers pay attention to each individual client and always strive to push you to do your best.
My time coming to the gym as always great.
I first called the franchise owner ahmed back in march, and he explained how f45 is different than other gyms.
Personal attention from the two or three trainers, they will encourage you and correct your body position.
I've been a member of several gyms, and this one is certainly one of the highest i have ever seen.
Protip - definitely visit the gym and do a few classes before signing up.
I am so thankful i found a gym with him in it!
I am going to be doing personal training with him and again he is absolutely awesome.
Love you guys and so happy to have found this amazing gym!!!!!
My favorite fitness type gym in vegas to train at on a daily basis.
In my particular case, i have been training crossfit on and off since 2005.
I dropped into at least a half dozen gyms in the scottsdale area before finding crossfit chaparral.
Have fun, train hard,  billy
As far as personal trainers go....thank you veronica s. for always inspiring me & kicking my butt into shape!
One of my favorite personal trainers i've ever worked with!
If you are looking for something to do with your baby or toddler, i high recommend fitness by the lake!
I love the gym and the ufc
I've been to a handful of anytime fitness locations, and this is the best one yet.
It's normal but irritating, i expect it from ignorant gym members, not from staff/trainers.)
The gym smell is unnoticeable which is impressive, usually gyms have some odor, either 'good' (covering up) or bad (bo).
When i landed at fuzion fitness, i immediately did not want to go to another.
It is a clean gym, they take very good care of it.
We all know how dirty some gyms can be.
The competition team produces medal-winners in every weight class & age division.
I definitely recommend nava bjj for anyone interested in pursuing bjj either for competition or just fitness.
This is real life self defense training and a real cardio workout in one punch!
Kicka$$ cardio kickboxing class w/ allison mims at the 215/eastern location.
Her passion for fitness is amazing, so when she is teaching she is so in the zone.
Everything a weightlifter needs!
Or you can set up a one on one personal training session with one of them.
I enjoyed the workout a lot and the trainer helped with my hand wraps on my first visit.
Must-try if you want a fun way to build upper body strength and cardio.
The trainers, len and kim, are awesome and very motivating.
I have never exercised regularly or enjoyed going to the gym however, jabz has changed that for me.
What i like about this gym; simplicity.
Gyms automatically face a stigma of being "dirty", and there is some truth to this no matter where you go.
Anyhow, that's my take on this gym.
Planet fitness, if you're reading this, give us more options for billing if you'd like 5 stars from me.
Until then, overall, you're still my favorite gym thus far.
Imagine that (take a note, la fitness).
If i have to skip a day or two of the gym so be it.
Ilovekickboxing is your one-stop-shop for cardio, toning and every muscle in your body workout.
By far the best way to maintain fitness and meet swell people.
This is a gem of a gym.
The gym is very clean and everything is well organized.
I highly recommend gold medal gymnastics.
I told him i was getting a headache and he told me to immediately drop the weights, which i did.
He then had me drop the bar, go to the front of the gym while he called 911.
A gazillion thanks to cuba.....he obviously knows his stuff, is a great trainer and saved my life.
Overall, the jcc is a very good fitness center, and it's a really nice feature of the neighborhood.
Great price for a gym membership.
It's more like a family than a fitness center.
Of course,our gym in downtown chicago cost $170/person...
This place is a very good gym and solid value for the $.
The staff is friendly and they seem to have some knowledgeable trainers available if you like personal training.
I don't mind it and i actually like this gym n location.
I like this gym.
Jabz is a beautiful model of a gym that focuses on women's fitness and health.
I love this gym and all the people in it!
The endurance we work on each day at this gym has kept me from giving up when times got hard.
I've been working with personal trainer annamaria- and let me tell you she's been amazing!
Staff is helpful, classes are awesome, equipment is clean, and my personal training sessions have been outstanding.
I hardly write reviews but felt this gym was worth it!
I love my gym!
They have all the equipment i need, plus awesome trainers to keep me motivated!
City athletic club is a go to gym when visit vegas!
They have so great trainers i always see helping clients!
Their machines are clean and theirs a variety of cardio machines!
Definitely recommend this gym!
I've never been the type to love working out, and to go to the gym.
No joke after years of trying classes at the gym and different routines, i fell in love!
First off, this is not my home gym, was visiting town for 2 weeks.
The staff and members of this gym made it feel like home though.
Most of the gym goers had no problem with working in on sets.
I have been a member of power mma since day one of the gym opening.
I am still a member of this gym for a few reasons.
They have the best of the best who train, teach and work there.
It's a decent gym, typically clean and accessible.
Tvs on the cardio machines mostly work.
But like most gyms, we avoid it at high traffic times, principally monday after work.
Goodlife has brought out extreme fitness and so my previous review is obsolete.
After signing up for a membership, i was given a free personal training session with jesse.
I have been going to this gym on and off for about 5 years.
I really want to start working with a personal trainer, so i sat down and spoke with asia on saturday.
Simply, the best gym in las vegas and you never have to wait for a machine!
I had my preconceptions about trainers, especially ones that came with a gym attached.
There were 8 of us doing weight and cardio training with robin.
And if you do go, group training sessions are a great way to go!
I've been going to this gym for a couple weeks now.
Compared to other gyms i think it's a great price for what you get.
Love how you can go to this gym and have nothing to worry about except your workout.
It is a fitness "candyland".
I love this gym so far!
The gym and locker rooms are clean and tidy.
Lots of cardio equipment available and the 30 minute circuit is fantastic i love the concept.
I love my gym!
Been coming here for almost a year, this is not just a gym it's family!
My mom invited me to join her for a morning at the gym.
I also want to commend the ymca for offering income sensitive gym memberships.
I think that affordable fitness is important especially for our seniors and people who live on fixed incomes.
They are such a good gym and family to be part of.
They had a 3 minute fitness challenge and i for some god forsaken reason entered it.
I went back in today for a training session.
The trainers are polite, professional and knowledgeable.
I am used to showering and changing at the gym, not here.
A smaller gym, but has everything you need.
They have a speed area for training and a full basketball gym.
I love this gym!
He has taught me proper form for weight lifting and the difference in my weight loss/muscle growth speaks for itself.
I love this gym!
The atmosphere and culture caleb has created along with the training staff and members is unbeatable.
This planet fitness very clean.
By far the best gym i have ever been to.
The gym is not crowded and i do not have to wait to use any equipment there.
I love the interior design and feel very modern compared to other gyms i have been to.
The weights make it back to the racks and not everywhere which is my biggest pet peeve.
I love working out at this gym!
This is a great gym.
The trainers are experienced, community is supportive and facility is spacious.
We are treated like family and they push us to give our most in every training session.
What we love most, is the eclectic group of people who train here.
If you are looking for some quiet time at the gym, this is the place for you.
I haven't tried out their personal training program, nor am i intended to try.
No matter what your fitness level, you're guaranteed a great workout.
It's a nice gym.
This gym is in the building where i work so it's uber convenient.
Located in the trendy no da neighborhood, ultimate gym is just what it says, the ultimate gym experience.
I highly reccomend the ultimate gym.
I would  highly recommend this gym to anyone considering joining gym and highly recommend using  personal trainer cesar garcia.
45 minutes of high energy cardio with a fantastic music soundtrack.
The classes are great and there are a variety of classes to fit my fitness goals.
Bastards they closed and left me without a gym that i like :(  kwf have gone bankrupt people
My favorite part of planet fitness: the phenomenal massage chairs.
I'm no beginner in fitness, but i am always learning new things and thirsting for a new challenge.
Its good big gym.
Has everything you need to work on your fitness.
There's like over 100 classes too, so if thats your thing then this is the gym for you.
There's also a small women's only gym downstairs that has most things you need.
I have belonged to la fitness for many years and never went.
So after many diets, etc., i decided to sign up for a personal trainer.
He went over all the benefits and offerings for la fitness.
He synched me up with a trainer he thought would fit my goals and personality.
My personal trainer is orestes.
That is 51 personal training sessions at 25 minutes, which let me tell you is plenty of time.
Anyone of any level of fitness can fit in here.
Anyone wanting a good work out and to reach their fitness goals can fit in here.
Our training sessions have been helpful, purposeful, and fun at la fitness.
We have really enjoyed our trainer, blake!
My husband and i are intermediate (working out between 4-5 times a week) when it comes to our fitness level.
Blake is just the trainer for us!
I have heard stories of trainers elsewhere not being engaged with their clients and the workout being too serious.
Trainers are super awesome, encouraging, positive, always motivating and pushing us to do better.
I love this place - the staff and trainers.
Plenty of cardio equipment like treadmills, bikes, a few ellipticals, and a stairmaster for all fat burning fanatics to use.
If you require a bigger gym with all the amenities, go to lvac.
I can't say enough good things about this climbing gym and yoga studio.
The trainers are great.
Our trainer, seth, has helped us become stronger and more fit.
We highly recommend underground fitness.
I go to this gym about twice a week.
The gym itself is really nice.
Thanks to living social deals i bought a 2 month membership for kingwest fitness!!!
The gym is spacious compared to most cramped up gyms i'm used to.
After much research, i ended up at orangetheory fitness.
Added weight on a petite body is never good.i am a little over 5 feet something!
I have never been a fan of gyms.
Emily walked me through the actual training area of orangetheory.
We started our cardio portion on the treadmill.
I've never been to a place like this where i felt like i was getting personal training in a group!
I don't think a lot of people know that this gym exists, especially given they are not a storefront location.
Love the fact that there are so many la fitness locations therefore many group classes to choose from.
Much better than other gyms.
This is a private gym with great facility and excellent trainers.
They also train high school athletes for baseball and football programs.
Just a great gym with awesome people.
I highly recommend scottsdale school of fitness for those who want to maintain a healthy and active life!
Its a good gym for the price.
If money is no issue check out the fairmont hotel gym.
As a girl, i like how men keep to themselves here in the weight section.
Even though the gym isn't too busy, the small amount of weight benches and machines may keep you still waiting.
The kind of gym goers that workout respectfully and appreciate all types of people working hard to improve themselves!
The gyms, nice, clean, has all the equipment you need, customer service is great.
I've been apart of loads of gyms, lifetime, 24, golds, la...
I still love this gym and crossfit.
Well......crossfit takes weight lifting to a new level.
The weight area can be a bit full at busy times, but at off-peak times, there is almost no waiting.
I completely agree with underground fitness being the #1 personal training gym...  truly are in your journey with you!
I have been to many gyms in the phoenix area, and underground has been the best experience.
All the trainers are extremely helpful and friendly.
I'm thankful i found this gem of a gym.
Right in the heart of bayview  village is a gym/community/daycare.
The gym is open 24/7 which is great for those who like to work out late nights or early mornings.
We always go to work out everyday with my husband and this gym is so nice!
It is the first gym that i went to and i'm hapoy this place is judgement free gym.
This is a phenomenal gym.
The only negative is the gym closes a little bit earlier than other clubs.
I had the pleasure of visiting this gym once again,after the prior manager paul was so professional and kind..!!
We spent a year debating whether to join a fitness center.
There are also fitness classes, which i'd like to try out.
It completely feels like a dance party, and not a boring gym workout!
That is unheard of for this size of a gym in cali.
Best gym i ever worked out in.
I've seen all types (genders, ages, body types, fitness levels), there.
The weights are rarely put away and are covered in chalk, paper towels on the floor, that kind of stuff.
I worked out with only 5 people in he gym.
(8pm workout) the gym was clean organized and everything worked !!!
And the cherry on top is that every single trainer is amazing!
I do have my favorites... but you will not be disappointed if you go to any trainer...
Gyms are generally not my thing, as proven by the fact that i'm winded just from typing the above paragraph.
I love this gym!
I don't know about other gyms but this one is a most wonderfully warm group of members and staff.
So, i would recommend you consider checking this gym out.
Hands down my favorite lvac gym in las vegas as well as gym!
A plethora of free weights, cardio machines, indoor swimming pools, sauna, women's only gym, cafe, and class studio.
This place definitely caters to anyone who is serious about fitness, lifting, and getting into shape.
There are other gyms out there like lifetime fitness that are a little nicer and feels like a country club.
But when i go to the gym..i go to get it done in there!
I have been a member for a few years and this gym is awesome!
I love this gym, the instructors are motivating and make your work out fun.
Not your everyday gym and has surpassed all my expectations.
Nick's program has completely pushed me out of my rut and towards my fitness goals!
Nick is super helpful with dietary guidance and knows how to keep you motivated in the gym.
Such a dedicated trainer and very patient as well.
I have had the privilege of training with jake and jordan.
They are by far the best trainers i have ever worked with.
I would recommend this gym to anyone!
After leaving planet fitness i was looking for a new gym.
The cardio equipment has tv's mounted on them which is nice since cardio can get boring.
I've never had to wait for cardio equipment ever.
Included in my membership was 2 sessions with a personal trainer.
Similar to a previous reviewer, i began working out with chris before he opened his gym.
I stuck with him because he is super knowledgeable, not just about fitness, but about nutrition as well.
Went gym shopping and was impressed with this place.
It is not even worth comparing lifetime to la fitness or the jcc because lifetime is superior in every aspect.
I've been going to this gym for three years now and just noticed it only has one review.
I really enjoy this gym, it's always clean, the equipment is new and it is rarely packed.
It's really for people of any fitness level - you go at your own pace but they push you.
Amazing cardio workout - great way to get fit and so much fun
Perfect combo of weights and strength training.
Best gym ever when i'm in town, and was my hometown gym when i lived in ohio!
I love the pilates with clare and the dance fitness classes have also been fun.
I also love my personal trainer erica.
I'm still pretty new to the gym and i'm finding that this gym is a great value for your money.
Best gym,  very modern, great equipment, super clean, staff + trainers are friendly and very helpful.
Very warm and friendly trainers and staff.
Jenni was our trainer and she was really nice.
I hate the gym and working out on the treadmill and elliptical, but this is great and it's fun too.
This gym is one of if not the cleanest gyms i have been to.
To mr l.g why lie about things cause according to your post...this gym is not clean and so on.
I have ocd and believe me this gym is clean.... to the cleaning crew..keep doing a wonderful job...i appreciate you!!
- the gym is stylish and has state of the art equipment.
Using my usual gym lock would have been a better alternative.
- my cousin had a fitness orientation when she joined, and she was fat-shamed.
She doesn't talk to any of the trainers, even if she needs help.
About this gym: it's definitely one of the better la fitness locations.
I have only worked out here a few times but the gym is new.
This must be the best gym i've ever tried.
The weight areas and equipments is very spacious too and i love the decor and relaxing ambiance.
Workouts are only 30 minutes long and it's pretty cool to try something different from your regular weights and running.
Roxy was the trainer and she was super nice but kicked my butt one round with me.
I usually never get sore from a cardio without weight class and my whole body was sore!
Definitely contact sean to inquire about gym memberships because he is such an amazing help!
State of the art weight equipment.
Coolest gym in town!
Great owners, dedicated trainers and friendly members.
In the past id only join gyms that have a separate women's area.
Being in a weight room can be very intimidating.
There couldn't be a better place to train!
I absolutely love ufc gym!
The gym is full of people who are there to seriously work out.
If you want a place to work out and i mean really work out, ufc is your gym.
The staff at ufc gym really work you hard.
I i leave the gym every day exhausted but feeling refreshed and motivated.
Best gym i've ever been to.
I've been going to la fitness for many years.
I do have the multiple club membership, and also frequent several other la fitness in the valley.
Will frequent this gym.
This isn't just another gym, it's another family (and honestly sometimes better than your real one).
We work hard together and play hard together, but it's definitely a life changing and body changing gym!
Ii'm not a gym rat, at all.
I go to the gym for the spinning class that's about it.. well, that was before i discovered that gym.
Almost anywhere you work out in the gym, you'll have a view on the olympic pool.
I can't say more about it since i have never used the services of a trainer there.
The trainers are amazing.
Everyone, trainers included, motivates one another.
Terry is the fucking man & will help you achieve your fitness goals.
This is probably one of the best gyms for personal training that i have been to yet !
Happy training glory gains !
Okay so now that i've been going to this gym for 4+ months it's time for an update.
This gym does have rush hour - several of them.
:)~  do not join this gym to tan.
There's often a wait for the smith machine, the leg press or a free weight bench.
First day you get your own personal trainer..
I've been coming to this gym for just over a month or so.
The gym itself is fairly maintained and clean.
The one bad thing is the staff, excluding the trainers.
My wife had a mishap with trying to cancel her membership and training sessions.
Best gym in las vegas!
Really love the "women's only gym", the gym is always clean, staff is very friendly.
Nick will help you with good eating skills and help you lose the weight, if you stick to the program!!!
The gym is clean and has water and gloves for sale too!
Nothing but good things to say about this gym.
If your goal is to get into shape, this gym will produce!
She was a long time member of a regular boring box gym that will go unnamed.
She takes a class called hybrid, but i believe they also offer some other options like yoga, and kids fitness.
She is doing exercises that she sees trainers do on tv and is loving it!
The pnc ymca was my life-line throughout this year's rough winter when i was training for the pittsburgh half marathon.
Folks are often working with a personal trainer, there, however, so just be mindful of the space.
I see flyers all the time for classes, social activities, training clubs, health & wellness programs, etc.
Nick is a great trainer!
I feel so great every time i leave one of his training sessions.
This gym is fantastic.
It's a small gym that has everything you need.
I highly recommend this gym and couldn't imagine working out anywhere else
I wish i lived closer so i could get to this gym more often.
It's one of my favorite gyms in town.
I enjoy the low level lighting and having the cardio and weights on two different floors.
It makes the gym feel more spacious and is less distracting for me.
The cardio machines are super modern and include ifit or some other interactive menu.
If you are looking for a clean, modern, serious gym, this is it.
It was nice to have a little local gym nearby.
The best gym in town.
Well, lori is a great trainer and enthusiastic instructor who will always push you harder.
Being trained in a very traditional way, i found the class more like strength training than yoga.
Being that we have been members since this gym has opened, we call this our second home.
Although we are not gym rats, the flexibility and frequency of the classes are great.
Like most gyms, it's all about timing when you work out.
My fave location, which is strange because it's a smaller "active" gym.
The number of groupx classes are more limited that other "sport" gyms, but they are great quality classes.
There is always a new workout everyday and it gets me excited to come to the gym.
I'm not your typical "gym rat" but this place is nice.
Its not like lifetime fitness, but its not $100 a month either.
After some searching, i happened upon eos fitness as a solid candidate for a visit.
The facility is clean and well stocked with free weights and hammer strength machines.
I didn't know how good this crossfit gym was until i traveled around the country to many more.
This location is personable and i love the trainers here!
Great gym that has a pretty decent selection of equipment.
This is way better than the boring gym!
It's a small gym but that's what makes it more comfortable and not as overwhelming!
I've belonged to a good number of gyms (more than i can recall right now) in three different states.
It's easiest to start with the common gym problems and how they're absent from cac.
Trainers are everywhere, but they're not upselling you.
You will know who the trainers are.
The equipment is varied between machines and freeweights.
I've never had any security issues storing items in the gym locker room.
There aren't kids running around, or unsupervised new years resolution types dangerously swinging around weights.
For anyone who wants results from using the gym, that's why cac is great.
The best gym in las vegas.
I joined this training-only gym to complement my 24-hour fitness membership.
Fuzion has worked very nicely into my fitness routine.
Trainers are dedicated to seeing you get results as well as learning....
The cost is very reasonable $60 for myself and 3 kids per month for all the fitness you can handle.
I like to refer to our personal training sessions as "boot-camp for the soul".
Her support system seems blissfully quiet yet confident in her joy/passion for fitness and life, and unstudied manner.
Anybody who associates themselves with tacota be it fitness or friendship will be rewarded many times over.
The most realist/down to earth trainer i have ever encountered in my fitness journey.
***********************************************************  now...let's talk about the gym.
I like this gym.
There are some major issues in this gym.
This gym has all the potential for greatness and i sincerely hope they reach level "awesomeness".
She offers all new members a personal training session mostly to show you how all the machines and equipment works...
People usually re rack their weights which makes it easy to find things.
This is where i think this gym is lacking.
I almost never shower at any gym i ever go to so it doesn't bother me.
The gym provides some face wash and wet wipes by the sink in case you need a quick fresh-up.
Busy rating: i don't think i have ever seen it crowded in this gym.
I would recommend this gym to a friend.
Have you ever said to yourself, "i really need to work out but i hate going to my gym.
Plus, lots of class options like yoga, spin, pilates, crossfit, and personal training.
When i moved here from kentucky 4 years ago, i thought this place was the best gym i'd ever seen.
Overall, coming from someone whose worked out at this gym for four years, lvacs and this gym deliver great value.
There's always room for free weights and it's never packed love it!
I love this place, it's like your own personal gym.
The gym is well maintained, someone is always cleaning the area and they provide clean face towels.
The great training partners and family/team atmosphere makes this place a great school to learn/train bjj.
I really like this gym because not only is it close to home, but it's reasonably priced.
So i hired rob to be my trainer and couldn't be happier.
I recommend this gym and definitely love coming to see all the cool people who work here!
Beginner to parkour and jay at hkpk was a stellar trainer from the start.
I did a private 1/1 training and he was patient while also pushing me to new limits.
I could use the gym to stay open later than 6pm on sat/sun, but that's a small complaint, really.
For anyone who doesn't want a loud, crazy frenetic work out, i would definitely try this gym.
I originally was a four times a week gym person, but just couldn't do it anymore.
After a year of paying trainers to challenge me i was done  being bored.
I know that with a good trainer the gym can still be fun and challenging, but i needed a change.
All other krav maga gyms charge you to learn all the cool stuff.
Best gym and best trainers ever!
I also appreciate my trainer kayla the most.
As for me, after having memberships at numerous other valley health clubs (bally, mountainside fitness, golds, etc.
Yes, the village is pricey, but if you're a total gym rat like me, you'll find it worth it.
Is this a gym for everyone, probably not.
They do let to many kids play in the weight room but you can work around it.
I'm a newbie to crossfit and sin city crossfit totally accommodates to all fitness levels.
I've been shopping gyms lately and stopped in to anytime fitness to check it out.
The gym has a relaxed vibe, as opposed to lifetime fitness which can seem like a bee hive.
The pricing seems fair, machine and free-weight selection is great, and the place is not too crowded.
What a goddamn bummer this gym has permanently closed.
I switched to this gym a month ago and love it.
The equipment is great and the atmosphere makes you excited to go to the gym
I joined for a month because i got a personal trainer, devan reaves.
Most trainers are body builders or compete so you know you're in good hands if you choose to get one.
Undergroud fitness is phenomenal!
The trainers are down to earth, friendly and encouraging.
While training with camille i've watched my body transform for the better.
The support outside the gym is phenomenal!
I did a lot of researching before deciding to join a gym.
I wasn't the best, but the trainers and owners gave me hope.
I knew i needed some type of support and motivation to reach my fitness goal.
They ask how your training has been going and also if you need help with nutritional support.
Awesome place to reach your fitness goals!
The machines are always in good repair, the free weights are plentiful and available.
Great equipment, atmosphere & group fitness classes.
I love this gym.
Thanks for making this my home away from home, family friendly, best gym ever.
This gym has everything you could ever want in a gym.
They also have 1 on 1 training, and group classes.
Definitely a gym worth going to.
A great place to workout for people serious about their fitness.
This is my home gym and i have nothing but good things to say about this gym.
The trainers are pretty awesome.
I think trevor has the most energy out of the trainers.
What a spacious, clean, and beautiful gym!
There were so many exercise equipment, many more than the other ufc gyms/boxing gyms.
And charlie, owner (was a ufc gym member/still is one) is super cool and easy-going.
This ufc gym is like no other gyms, and i highly recommend everyone to try a class.
You will be blown away on how awesome this gym, the trainer, and owner is.
Lifestyle fitness and anthony the manager are both great.
Very premium gym with high quality modern equipment.
Free to do train how you please without people bothering you.
Nick is an amazing trainer, ive never felt so healthy and inshape before!
This is hands down the best gym to attend in the valley.
For a gym who treats you like family.
Never walk into in a dirty bathroom or gym.
This is probably one of my favorite la fitness centers.
However, this la fitness goes over and beyond caring about their members.
I was  recently diagnosed with multiple sclerosis  and started working with a trainer here.
Jim is a fantastic trainer and really understands ms and what training will benefit me.
Brandon, the fitness manager is equally caring, friendly and supportive of all members.
I highly recommend this la fitness.
Really great gym where you get a chance to meet the best athletes in the game.
First, it is pretty big, with lots of machines and a good area for weights.
Absolutely incredible gym top to bottom!!!
I've been working out with the owner and trainer for going on 6 years now!
The atmosphere caleb created with opening up his own gym has been the best thing ever!
Not only is the training fabulous as always with him, but now the great vibes are too.
Good job la fitness!
Nick, the trainer, is the most motivating person and he works hard to get you to your personal goals !
The workouts can be catered to people of all fitness levels.
I will never go back to working out at a conventional gym again!
Has a high energy of music and lots of cardio machines to choose from.
Can't beat the gym for the price that you pay.
I wish they would update their fitness tools to include kettlebells and trx though.
Funktional fitness is a fitness studio, not a gym, and there is a world of difference.
There is a distinctive camaraderie; a sense of community and caring that is lacking in so many traditional gyms.
I joined underground fitness almost 5 months ago and i must say, it's been a life changing experience.
I train with two personal trainers by the names of brook and jake.
Since i have started i have lost body fat and gained muscle weight.
I've been a member since day one, and have to say i'm very pleased with this gym.
Their personal trainers are on point.
I like that about this gym.
I like this la fitness.
This happens at all gyms so be smart about your belongings.
This gym is great.
If you don't like  the big "seen and be seen gyms" this is the place for you.
It's a true boxing gym.
Best gym in the city hands down.
If you haven't started training there yet, you need to start.
I do think that this gym is cleaner than other gyms i've been to.
I like this gym a lot, i even got my husband to sign up.
I have not stepped into a gym for almost 20 years.
For some like me, going to a gym can be intimidating.
The gym is spacious and very clean.
The gym is organized in a manner that keeps the workout flowing.
Free weights area is sweet.
Best thing about eastern gym is alan's "8 strikes" class.
If you haven't been, you're missing out on a good cardio workout!
He does have other classes at the other lvac gyms but i honestly do not know the times.
Apart from the class, i think this gym is pretty decent size.
It gets pretty crowed at the times i usually go but that's most gyms.
), but the course was definitely fun and provides an innovative alternative to the traditional gym.
I've tried other programs like beachbody (working out on your own and doing your own meals), isagenix, weight watchers, etc.
You can't compare that to another gym or program.
I love this gym!
The staff, the decor, the owner himself, and the trainers are all wonderful!
This gym is filled with vegas' top fitness professionals and it shows!
They also offer kickboxing training, kids classes and every now and then have seminars on different subjects.
Most people don't even know this gym is here.
They offer group-fit sessions with personal trainers as instructors leading class.
You can also choose to sign up for private or semi private training.
The trainers of this studio are all truly amazing people and will push you to meet your goals and more.
We highly recommend scottsdale school of fitness.
It's a private gym with great trainers.
The atmosphere in the gym is positive and everyone there, wants to be there.
The gym is also very clean in all area's.
There is a yearly fee over and above the training fee.
We see the same faces over and over, be it a trainer or a client.
People like this training facility and keep coming back.
Scottsdale school of fitness is a hidden gem and we're glad we found them.
Me: serial gym hopper, recovering gym rat.
Seeking: the perfect gym.
A little more expensive than the discount gym factories but absolutely worth it.
I've attended many gyms, but nothing like protogym.
They have very knowledgeable trainers, great classes like hitt, olympic tech, yoga, and much more.
Training at protogym has helped my athletic and firefighting career.
I absolutely recommend training at the this wonderful facility!!!
I am in no way affiliated with the gym in any way, just a yoga fanatic wanting to share.
This isn't just a gym, it's a family.
If you're interested in a minimally-competitive but extremely friendly and welcoming crossfit gym, look no further than crossfit steele creek.
Joined this gym a couple weeks ago.
Not a bad local gym.
Originally the gym was basically dead at all times.
But it's a great gym for getting in a quick workout, doing cardio and getting back into shape.
If your a hardcore weight trainer there may not be enough equipment here.
Amenities like the vegan cafe, gear stop, and locker rooms equipped with showers make this gym super convenient for me.
If you're ever in vegas give this gym a shot!
This is by far the best front desk staff i have ever seen at a gym.
I've been a member for almost 2 years and i love this gym.
The people are nice and it's not a huge gym so you don't feel overwhelmed by the size.
I tested 3 other gyms in the area before signing up for this one.
The idea of walking into a fight gym can be very intimidating.
The classes can be aimed towards anyone that's new to fitness/fighting and those wanting to train harder.
Possibly the best gym i've been to in pittsburgh.
This gym gets the job done!
The trainers are active and easy to talk to.
No matter your fitness level.
Great facility with unique workout for all ages & fitness levels!
Professional trainers who motivate & always a fresh unique workout every time!
I have a trainer here four days a week and i wish i had time for more...
They will sit down and formulate a meal and fitness regment that will really help you achieve your goals.
I feel stronger and much more accomplished than going to a gym alone.
The trainers take the time to get to know you and find the best way to motivate you.
Knowledgeable trainers and fun classes.
I would definitely recommend this fitness studio for personal training.
Saturday and monday are full body cardio, tuesday and thursday are upper body, and wednesday is legs.
Love that this is an all-women's gym and the girl power is strong.
Great work out, the trainers are knowledgable and they work your butt off!!
Chris, torrey and the other trainers were supportive from day 1 of myself and my capabilities.
Phenomenal crossfit gym with both great coaches (friendly/knowledgeable) and members.
I love the group fitness classes!
Everyone who works there and works out there is nice...it's a great little fitness community!
So here's me: i'm an active guy who doesn't really have formal training in weight lifting.
Funkfit is a surprisingly roomy gym, tucked into the bustling area that is downtown gilbert.
Every time i go to the gym i hear no less than four justin bieber songs.
All the trainers here are great and the people are friendly.
This specific location is the best gym by far with the most helpful & kind staff!
There are lots of reasons you'd want to join this gym.
It's a good gym.
When you sign up, there's a high pressure fitness assessment; you've been warned.
But overall, as i've said before, it's a good gym.
My high school daughter was looking for a personal trainer.
Joey has been her trainer now for a month.
I would highly recommend joey to any parent whose child wants a personal trainer.
My daughter had been wanting to try out gymnastics so i did my homework and found this wonderful gym.
There are about five classes going on in the gym at the same time.
The atmosphere is fun and seems perfect for the new aspiring gymnast.
My kids have been training with professor andrew, coach leslie, and the rest of the staff since february of 2017.
I have been doing bjj for 2 years now and this is the best gym i have ever been to.
I was greeted and welcomed by just about everyone in the gym and they were very helpful.
(plenty of free weights too!)
- lots of cardio machines!
Bads -  - still a fair amount of douche bags, but, i think every gym has them.
- like all gyms, it gets busy at the peak hours (i.e.
Proedge boxing is by far the best training/boxing gym in the land!
Pricing is very reasonable and they are flexible with training days and times.
I love this friendly, neighborhood gym.
This old-school gym is all about working out!
Gym is usually empty enough to find a space to work out.
I have always been skeptical of any organized workout and trainers in general.
Had a great experience working out with rhonda as a trainer.
I go to this gym 4 - 5 days a week...and i love it.
This is a great gym and i've been coming here for over 2 years.
I cannot rave enough about this gym facility and the     amazing trainers they have.
The facility is clean, spacious, well equipped, and fosters a great sense of community amongst its members and trainers.
Give glory gains gym a try.
I was going to the gym at pitt and had to stop because of waiting in line and the crowds.
This is a major benefit, i think, for any gym.
Downstairs in the weight area is very clean and brightly lit.
I have been going to this gym for a little over 2 months now.
More detailed review i do cardio 5x a week- either running/elipitcal or stair master.
This is also when the personal training part seems to be booming the most.
This means parking is a little iffy and the weight area is pretty busy.
Me and my roomate will frequently be the only non staff members in the gym.
No fancy frills no not knowing what to do once you make it the gym.
The trainers are super motivating and they really push you to be your very best.
The best gym ever!
Love the staff and trainers.
Are plenty of gyms around, but none with group fitness instructors like this gym.
I goto multiple group fitness classes like rpm, body pump, and cxworks.
She keeps the class lively and focused on the fitness.
I have been to gyms in many places and cant generally fault this place.
Sure there are little things that niggle everyone at any gym but its pretty good.
I am glad i have a cool gym in my vicinity!
Favourite gym in scarborough.
Full sized gym with enough cardio equipment, and weights.
Got a great rate for personal training sessions with owen.
Would recommend this gym to anyone who lives in scarborough.
If you're looking for a good gym that's not crowded and not a meat market, this is the place.
After finally ending my 2nd contract with lvac, i was able to join this gym on a month-to-month membership basis.
There are some kids training, women training, lots of men training.
I am a silver sneakers member and set out to find a gym that honored and welcomed my membership.
We joined this la fitness before it was open.
The gym is pretty clean, most people do wipe off their equipment when they are done.
The exception is for the weight machines upstairs.
Overall the gym is good, but could be a little better.
Needless to say, i gained a bit of weight from eating my schoolwoork and late night studying.
I've never liked lifting weights and though the treadmill was my only option.
The machine is better than a human personal trainer because it never forgets a single move.
End results: total weight loss since beginning the program is 9 lbs, strength gain 22%.
If you're tired of packed, dirty gym, you need to check this gym out.
Big variety of equipment, seriously great, trainers, wide variety of classes, everything you could need and more!
Met with personal trainer mario and was surprised at how helpful and knowledgeable as well as professional he was.
I liked that he didn't try to force me into a training plan or expensive deal.
I am definitely going to purchase the my training coach program after i get my other testing done.
This is a really nice gym and fairly priced, just needs a few adjustments.
The ultimate gym is unlike anything else in charlotte.
The atmosphere is further improved by the attitudes of the people at the gym.
The same friendly, helpful manner can be found for each of the martial and physical training programs.
This is the gym i've been looking for!
I recently moved back to vegas and needed a gym.
Sign a contract, blah blah blah...become a member of an overcrowded gym, blah blah blah.
I hopped on yelp, searched for gyms and bam!
The gym is brand new.
My favorite parts of the gym:  --no contract.
The gym is not full of meatheads, or grenades.
If you are looking for a gym, this is the spot.
Ive been training here for awhile.
I also love that this gym is where all the famous athletes come to train.
They also have tons of trainers who know what their doing.
I definitely recommend this gym!
I absolutely love this gym.
The gym isn't busy when i go which i love.
If i could give this gym more than 5 stars i would!
I take water fitness at least 4 - 5 times per week and it is a wonderful class.
I have used the fitness room also.
It has great equipment and their doesn't seem to be a line to use machines or free weights.
Structured classes, kick butt workouts, energized, motivated and trained instructors that help you reach your fitness goals.
Nothing like other  workout gyms.
This place is awesome because no matter where your fitness level is, you will not feel intimidated here!
It is my gym for life!
This is not your typical 24 hour fitness!!
This is a very private know what you want in & out smaller gym with a beautiful view!!!
My trainer samual is phenomenal.
All the trainers fit.
I was a member of la boxing before bought out by ufc gym.
This new gym is under new ownership and management and i am blown away by this place.
The other gym members are approachable and helpful much like you would find at a crossfit type gyms.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone.
The workouts are awesome and change constantly, so you're never bored and the trainers at this location are great!
They are so incredibly friendly and the most knowledgeable fitness guys i've met!
At the gym totally addressed the problem and offered great service.
Finally, a gym with leaders who back their product and services!
They are constantly putting money into the gym.
Absolutely no gym intimidation here.
It's truly the only work out you will ever need to obtain your weight-loss goals.
Their functional training area and trx setup is awesome!
Plus the class room is one of the biggest i've ever seen at an anytime fitness club.
Free weights and cardio are well stocked.
I would probably only be going 1/2 times a week on account that i have two other gym memberships.
This is honestly the best gym i've been to in the gilbert/mesa area.
The layout, equipment, cleanliness, and atmosphere, more than make up for the lack of size of the gym.
What truly makes this gym stand out if the staff/owner tj.
This is a great place to train and get some motivation!
My first visit here, chris shared some of the benefits the gym offered and the prices.
The gym is small but spaciously organized to make the best use.
This gym is not about the dazzle and the hype.
They have principles of motivation, hard training, and focus.
Great gym, great workout.
I have never been a gym type person.
My wife convinced me to try out crossfit disciples, as she knew terry to be a great trainer.
So very knowledgeable and patient with us new to the fitness scene.
You get trainers that care about you and your success at getting fit!
This is a great neighborhood gym.
He set me up with my new trainer daniel, who is simply amazing.
This is a gym to go for results, not a stand and model gym.
Did small group work with a personal trainer michael and the workout was great, very impressed.
The best part is that it isn't over crowded at all like you see at other gyms in the valley.
Great deal and i highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new gym and some personal training.
Since i started boot camp training at underground fitness, i've lost a total of 13 pounds.
Thanks to the trainers, i have a better understanding of nutrition.
I highly recommend this gym if you're in the central phoenix area.
Asia went over my stats and began training.
I have never been to a gym quite like the dungeon.
The gym is in great shape with all the new equipment.
This is a very nice gym with a focus on getting a good workout.
Great classes and trainers too.
From the beginning of this review i need to mention that this gym cannot be compared to lvac.
Management - the gym is run seamlessly, staffed by friendly, helpful people, and is always clean.
Cleanliness: this can be improved a bit, especially in the weight area and in the bathroom area, as well.
Price: ok all in all, i definitely recommend this gym.
So, not to argue, i did a quick registration and was off to the gym.
The facility is perfect for my needs:  sufficient free weights, vast trx area and modern cardio equipment.
I am a member only because they took over 24 hour fitness.
Beautiful gym with the best equipment, motivating and inspiring.
I definitely  recommend this gym.
The amount of support they gave me was incredible, and not just in the gym.
Training wise, my god!
The biggest mma gym i have ever been to.
The size of their jujitsu mats are the size of where i train in england.
(there are fitness ones too, but i drink too much beer for that).
I've been to another boxing gym before (title) but never 9round.
But you won't be using funky machines with weights and pulleys.
Using your own body and weight, jumping, squatting, crunching, lifting, punching and kicking to name a few.
He takes your fitness goal seriously, and he seems to never forget your name.
This gym is great.
I had my first personal training session with raine.
She is super knowledgeable and will teach you a lot about your body and how to meet your fitness goals.
If you're looking for a gym and a great personal trainer make sure to see raine at la fitness.
The combination of cardio and strength training is essential for results.
The gym is relatively new, and all of the cardio equipment has personal tvs and charging stations.
The camp is so much more than a gym.
Everyone from the trainers to the fellow campers have become like family to me.
The trainers are the absolute best.
I know for a fact i probably wouldn't have achieved what i did here with just any trainer.
Training at this gym has been a great experience- very educational, motivational, and challenging.
The trainers are all amazing: scott, ron, lance, larone.
You can tell the trainers care and love what they do.
Best gym i have ever been too!
The trainers are so helpful and encouraging.
Raw is just an amazing gym.
Great gym for the gainey ranch area!
I stopped wasting my time and dollar bills at la fitness.
Nice music and got all that i need so i'm not worried about much except for weight training.
By far the best gym i've been to.
Having traveled all the way from london to visit this gym, i was not disappointed.
I was always intimidated by gyms for being so bleak.
Tyc differs from past experience as its a clean, modern, well equipped gym.
I frequent the gym during weekday mornings and its never been overly busy.
The majority of people are aging forest hill type housewives so it's not an intimidating gym.
However, i went to the gym once during the weekend and it was a meat market.
Although they do try to pitch (like all gyms), they're never pushy.
If you can get past the membership price tag, tyc is a wonderful gym!
I've been at system fitness on and off for the last seven years now.
I am really impressed with their overall fitness knowledge.
The classes are challenging for all levels of fitness.
I've worked out with a few of the trainers and they are amazing!
The gym is also very competitively priced which is very difficult to find in the area.
One of the biggest reasons i love the gym so much is there childcare facility.
Gibsonia keeps the equipment well maintained and the gym is always clean.
Af has worked well for my sporadic fitness routine with 24 hr.
Access to trainers has been a great benefit for my family.
My daughter loves the open gym here.
Amazing hiit & functional training studio!
Different classes everyday focusing on different areas of cardio, resistance training with weights and combinations of both.
Made for all levels of fitness and ability since you can go at your own pace or choose weight.
It's a simple gym for people looking to work out and get back in shape or better shape.
I've been a long-term customer of a 24-hr fitness.
Join their gym now thru costco.com.
My trainer josh is amazing!
I'm new to personal training and my sessions in henderson have been incredibly helpful.
Otf is a different type of gym, where you can't just go in and workout when you want.
I can see how people that only go to the gym a few times a week would love it!
However,  i canceled my membership at planet fitness to come here.
This gym is close to home, lessthan 1 mile.
The gym is staffed from 9 to 5 and has 24 hour access.
It is a smaller gym compared to pf.
There are options for an on site personal trainer,  onsite zumba and yoga.
Best gym in town!!
The boot camps are amazing and the trainers rock!!
Years ago i belonged to another gym and when i moved i joined lvac.
I dropped into this gym while traveling for work.
I can't say enough good things about this gym.
If you are contemplating joining a cross-fit gym, i highly recommend.
I was a member of this gym for many years and very satisfied overall.
I can't believe it, but it was a sad good-bye to this gym.
I have goodlife fitness to thank for this discovery.
The best type of gym:  location: check personalized: check friendly: check reasonaby priced: check  - no slimey, pushy sales tactics.
Funkfit is truly a family and i truly feel like family at this gym.
While my home gym is edgewood, i prefer this location.
Pf is a great gym for the money.
There are plenty of cardio machines to accommodate.
They also offer circuit training instruction, aerobics classes and personal training.
The trainers are inspiring and want to help.
Visiting from california, this gym is so clean, they have the equipment i need, and the staff is so friendly.
Thanks eos fitness :)
The trainers are also good and all together put together a pleasant ambience with your family.
The owner mike is attentive and ensure that everyone who trains at the facility is happy.
All trainers will help you if asked.
Great new remodled gym, heated olympic pool for year round use.
More than a gym...a community.
:)   on another note, i have been training with trace for about 6 months now.
He is incredibly knowledgeable about training and nutrition, giving his clients hard workouts as well as meal plans.
Love the gym staff is awesome , classes are the best  so many choices and times to choose from
I hate going to normal gyms.
I've been going to protogym consistently for 8 months now.
So grateful for what owner jea and his team have done to welcome our yoga community in to their gym!
He is an amazing trainer and quite possibly one of the most encouraging trainers i have had.
Thanks to all of the trainers - each brings their own twist.
This gym is amazing.
I always feel super supported at this gym.
Come try this gym!
Some groups come here to train, there was personal training going on.
It's a neat gym.
There is also parking available if you don't live close to the gym.
Il existe aussi des installations pour le gym mais pas testes pour le moment.
I love the y here with the gym on the treadmills there is a great view of the sheep mountains.
The gym is also baby friendly with a great daycare staff!
Not to mention all the extra fitness events and classes that they offer.
This is a big beautiful gym with many cardio equipments.
There are many cardio equipments available.
I wish my hometown gym is this good.
I will come back to this hotel literally just for this gym
I used to train jiu jitsu at another gym that unfortunately closed down.
For the size of the gym, they have a great selection of modern workout equipment.
I would definitely recommend this gym to friends and family.
If i didn't already have four gym memberships (really, four?
Nice gym with good selection of machines, free weights, classes and amenities.
But management worked it out and i've been training with gilbert martinez ever since.
Gilbert is an awesome trainer and very knowledgeable and motivating.
The trainers are interactive, supportive and encouraging.
After 3 months i can say that it has been the best gym experience of my life.
Price-wise, it's on par with other gyms that i've heard about.
Yes, it's more expensive than other regular gyms, but dollars to calories burnt/muscles defined/positive changes, you won't beat this.
Best gym in toronto!!!!!
I love that you can create an account for the cardio machines and it tracks your fitness.
The trainers are awesome and i always feel like i've worked my butt off when i'm there.
The workouts are hard but fun and the music and trainers are amazing.
The best gym in phoenix i think..
They have boot camps that are offered by the trainers as well as zumba..the owner of the gym is fantastic.
There is a new gym in central phoenix at 32nd street and indian school that is wonderful as well...
I'm a big fan of this gym and have been going for several years.
Al (the manager) and mike are the current staff trainers.
This is a gym for adults...there's no play area for children, which is another plus in my book.
This gym has everything i could want with zero hassle.
I "heart" desert fitness.
I am not overweight at all but im not in the greatest shape.
I have used gym member ships and whatnot to try to get more toned but nothing kept me interested.
Not only do you lose weight but it's a major stress reliever.
And its way cheaper than my gym membership use to be.
I had a personal trainer session and i absolutely loved it.
This gym is in an office complex just a short walk from fremont street downtown.
It is a great space with a friendly staff and lots of cardio/cable machines/free weights.
I really like this gym, everyone is friendly and caring.
I've been to a lot of gyms and this one has everything.
If you are an athlete, why wouldn't you train here.
The coaches (trainers) have coaches... how cool is that?
I went from dreading the thought of going to the gym to being really excited my class was coming up.
All the instructors are super helpful and ultimately want you to succeed in your fitness journey.
I really enjoy the fitness challenges the gym puts up for members.
I  purchased the groupon for this gym for the ultd workouts for the month for $40.
It doesn't smell like most gyms well, its not at all like any gym i've been to.
This is the best gym in madison, hands down.
This is a place to train.
The equipment is well kept, and the gym is clean.
The best planet fitness i've ever been to.
It has the quickest service, nicest staff, and cleaniest gym!
I think this is one of the best la fitnesses in town.
Great gym, friendly owners, excellent trainers, polite members......perfect place to train
Slackline and training area 7.
Upstairs cardio/weights (full dumbbell set, treadmill, bikes, kettles, etc) 8.
I can honestly say i've seen all sorts of gyms across the country.
Top notch equipment, outstanding vibe, awesome trainers, and the owner loves what he does.
The cardio section of the gym is decent.
The gym could use new carpeting in the main floor area or just rip it out and paint the concrete.
City athletic club has a great selection of machines, weights and various training areas.
Lighting could be improved throughout the gym and janitorial services kicked up a notch.
People are here to workout and get on with it, and that's what a gym should be.
I have been going to this gym for 2 years.
I really don't have anything bad to say about this gym.
The personal training at this gym is fantastic and the primary reason i've been a member for 2.5 years.
Seriously, this is the cleanest gym i have ever been in.
There is a warmer and friendlier environment than in most other gyms i belong to.
We're excited we finally found a gym where we can fit in.
Great gym, just in town for a visit and it was nice to come in and work out.
I am overweight and have never been consistent with exercise, like ever.
Have been going for a year which honestly is a fitness miracle for me!
What i love is that it is challenging but can be adapted for your fitness level.
Love  working out one on one with personal trainer michael s here.
All kinds of space to do varied strength training and cardio.
And lately it seems a more diverse crowd is now filing the gym.
This gym was different, in a good way.
I would recommend this gym.
Wow great world class gym-gorgeous ambiance-often see bodybuilding and fitness champions woking out here.
I've started training again with a former armstrong trainer, and it makes me happy.
I wish they would buy armstrong and let us use their racquetball courts, and weight room.
I loved the trainers and the atmosphere so much, when my groupon expired, i signed on.
At 37, my metabolism isn't what it used to be, so i'm so glad i found underground fitness.
Thank you, underground fitness!
I adore everything about this gym!!
It's a great combination of cardio and muscle toning exercises that leave you feeling exhausted but great.
Underground fitness is a smart training center with very smart trainers  ron edwards is my trainer.
His help in food picking is exceptional   uf is my second home with real family--the trainers  harry oakes
Great gym many workout stations.
I've worked out for years with trainers and in gyms.
It really is true, twenty minutes twice a week by professional trainers have changed my body.
I think core training and doing some exercise has really been a life-saver.
If you are looking for a nice, very clean place to work out at, lifestyle fitness is your place.
I have been going to gyms on and off- this place is by far the best.
I joined the gym 2 mos ago and have been very happy.
Lots of fitness pros work out there and are really cool.
I have had personal training from corbin schlather for 5 years.
I had never had an issue with the trainers or the classes.
Funktional fitness is amazing!!!
There are some things i really miss about orange county and 24 hour fitness is definitely one of them.
But the cleanliness and layout of the gym, along with the friendly staff, make up for the drive.
I've been a member of 24 hour fitness for a long time (with a brief hiatus in college- free gym!).
I also love the approach to fitness.
Give me a treadmill, some weights, and a locker room and i'm good.
That's what's so great about the 24 hour fitness business model.
There's no pressure for a fancy workout with expensive personal trainers.
Yet the personal training services are always an option if you want to utilize them.
The layout at this location is great, with easy access to the weight circuit and the cardio machines.
I was in vegas for the weekend and this seemed to be the best gym to check out.
The gym was massive.
They have a full crossfit gym, boxing area, and a great lifting area upstairs.
As a young man randy accomplished an astounding weight loss.
This lead him to a life time of professional training with a focus on training the whole body.
Overall i love this gym, but gave it only 4 stars because there is room for improvement.
At the end of last year i joined a gym with a 6 week challenge.
I love this gym.
I have made some good friends with the trainers and other clients.
Joining this gym has truly been a useful tool in my journey to become healthy.
I love this gym!
The trainers are awesome.
The gym is simple, but has everything you need for crossfit.
Definitely come check this gym out!
I had a great experience with kelsey eckstein, very knowledgeable and enthusiastic trainer.
I have been going to this la fitness since they opened.
-clean gym -respectful staff -plenty of options for classes
I have been with this gym for about 1.
Most importantly for me though is the management team at the gym....jackie and deena.
They are so good that they've got me to start the crossfit training too, although i was reluctant!
We came from another gym and there is no comparison, we can't say enough good things about this gym.
Best gym i have ever been in.
Staff us friendly and personal training is awesome.
I found a great personal trainer there and have totally loved the price - quality offering there.
Lots of activities that you can sign up to train with the trainers.
This gym closes at 1 am.
I like this gym a lot.
Your gym is also a big point to brag about.
They have a large amount of machines and weights that are hard to find at other gyms.
However it's something that i should expect and a high and gym in scottsdale.
I have a couple of gyms to compare this one to.
That's all that matters to me, because i don't know a crossfit gym that doesn't give a good workout.
Was in huntersville for a family vacation and this was one of the few area gyms.
I loved that it welcomes folks from all walks of fitness life...weightlifters, cross fitters, cardio fiends, etc.
This gym is quite a gem!
After moving here from miami, i was only used to the 24 hour fitness/ lafitness overcrowded - big box gyms!
This gym has plenty of equipment and very friendly staff!
Their personal training packages are a great price, too.
This gym has everything a big box gym offers with a local/small business feel!
The instructors do a fantastic job at keeping the workouts convenient for all fitness levels.
I had a great experience at underground fitness.
Personally, i enjoy group fitness classes that still have one on one attention.
The trainers are able to modify workouts for every age group, ability, and even people with injuries.
They are continually adding new information and developing as trainers to help their members.
People are welcoming and definitely a place that will help you achieve any fitness goals you have.
I starting going to la fitness once they took over bally's.
At the first session i matched up with a trainer to help guide me through the hour long workout.
Like most gyms you got hours where it's packed.
This gym is 24/4 meaning from monday to thursday it's 24 hours and friday- sunday they close a little earlier.
A whole section to cardio and abs.
A small gym with a lot of heart.
If you like lifting weight and doing different classes i recommend this place.
There are three trainers there and all of the are great, my wife likes nicole and i prefer arvin.
Definitely the best crossfit gym i've been to in vegas.
Enough equipment in the space they have that waiting for cardio or machines is no problem or minimal at worst.
Great group fitness facility!
Did a training session with carl.
Gym has it all.
The trainers (lindsay, katrina, candace) constantly encourage you to work up that sweat and keep up your own pace.
There's definitely a noticeable change in my fitness and it's only with an hour of kickboxing a day.
I have joined many gyms, crossfit and never felt tat they were right for me.
Orange theory's trainers and very energetic and motivate and the staff at the front desk are super nice.
I've trained with several of the trainers and they are all fantastic!
I'm in goshin jitsu the muay thai club and this doesn't count any weight lifting i did outside of practice.
My wife and i really enjoy this gym.
The trainers go above and beyond to help their clients get in the best possible shape.
I was in pittsburgh for a long weekend and visited this gym three times to keep up my workouts.
The only problem i had was that the pool has different hours from the gym.
If you love cardio kickboxing and loud bumpin' music, i suggest you go!
They do a nice job in keeping the gym clean and tidy.
Cardio equipment and manly weights are located dowstairs whereas the rest of the weight equipment are located upstairs.
I guess i'll survive - walking is good for my cardiovascular health!
You can now load your gym card with money and use that.
Definitely the best gym in vegas.
Due to business travel requirements, i have been to gyms all over the us.
The gym is great for people of all ages!
Power mma is not just a fight gym it's a great full workout facility for everyone.
A grownup gym akin to those seen in american ninja warrior.
Very nice and clean gym.
Empowering trainers to do what we do...train.
A good place to train.
When i got engaged i wanted to lose weight like most brides.
I was going to the gym twice a day and not seeing any results.
I decided to try underground fitness based on the positive reviews and they were spot on!
I'm lifting more weight than i ever thought i could and seeing great muscle definition.
The diet advice from him and the other trainers like dave has helped a lot too.
This place was exactly what i needed to get out of my normal, boring gym routine.
I've been taking my daughter to gymfinity since she was about 9 months old.
The barre code can definitely be considered a one stop shop/replacement for a gym membership.
You don't always get that at gyms or other boutique studios.
The equipment is well-maintained and there is no shortage of both cardio and weight machines.
Sky blue bosu balls, apple red weights, and the green turf).
The first thing that's cool about it is that it's not a traditional gym.
It's only trainers and trainees working.
I also learn a ton about fitness and strength training.
This is the best place in the valley to train.
My noodle arms and i don't want to take off all of your heavy weights before working out!
And the messy gym goers, i would recommend this gym for anyone looking to get in shape!
Our trainer charlie and his assistant were very knowledgeable, professional, and provided great instruction.
Excellent array of weight equipment.
Whoever said big things come from little packages were obviously talking about blaksteel fitness.
If you want that more personal interaction with your trainer all the time, then blaksteel fitness is for you.
All fitness levels are welcomed.
Todd can push the advance while still giving the novice to fitness attention to detail.
Boutique fitness is the new fitness of today!
Give blaksteel fitness with dj t-last a try and you won't be sorry.
This location is great & their trainer are helpful.
They make sure you training correctly and they keep the place nice and clean.
Phenomenal 24/7 gym with almost every strength training apparatus you could look for in a great location.
I hate warehouse gyms!
The gym always feels like it's your own personal training center which i love!
Favorite gym in vegas by far.
I have tried golds and 24 hour fitness and nothing compares.
It is a huge place and a huge benefit for someone who is looking to lose weight or get bigger!
I like how you train in this gym with professionals, great ambiance and feels like no one is watching you!
Great trainers and an awesome community feel.
I was very hesitant to walk into a boxing gym being a plus size girl.
Everyone at the gym is friendly and encouraging.
Finding a gym that makes me feel so comfortable has been a life changing experience.
I'm just starting crossfit & i highly recommend this gym.
It's not an intimidating environment like a lot of other gyms in town.
As much as i dislike working out, there isn't anything i dislike about this gym!!!
And the high level of training you get.
All the trainers and even the owners make a point to learn everyone's name and get to know you.
The trainers are constantly working to improve their skills and learn new things to keep the workouts interesting and fresh.
This is an active 24 hr fitness gym, and it's closed on sundays.
You can validate your parking ticket for 2 hours once you check into 24 fitness.
This gym has all the necessary machines, weights, and stretch room.
I train here with mandy white (she's amazing) the gym is always clean and staff is friendly.
I have been a member at eos since january and i am loving this gym.
I have been working with liz, who is a fantastic trainer!
She obviously knows her stuff and is a huge asset in my weight loss journey.
Another thing i like about this gym is the daycare.
Overall i would definitely recommend this gym.
I just love this gym, my girls and i belong here.
I've spent many years in gyms and worked with many trainers.
Ron is focused on the training every moment he is with a client.
The gym is always spotless with music chosen by the client.
At my age, it is absolutely right to spend time at underground fitness.
This gym is very much incomparable to any gym in las vegas.
I've been a member for one month, and i think this is very good gym.
This gym has very good equipment, they have multiples of each piece so you usually can get what you want.
They have a large area for the heavy weights, with some exceptions, usually it's mostly the men in that area.
There is large gym for classes and another large room for yoga with subdued lighting.
They have a juice bar, they do assessments and have trainers and it looks like they also do massages.
But there is a marshall's directly underneath the gym and lots of shopping that you can do afterwards.
It takes a while to get used to a new gym.
I have been going to project fitness since april of 2017.
After knee surgery and shoulder issues i thought i'd be out of a weightlifting environment for good.
This has been the best gym experience i have ever had!
Protogym is the real deal!
Their trainers are nutritionists so they are also a treasure trove of health knowledge.
Protogym is a real gym with qualified, accessible and caring trainers who provide programs for real results.
Anyone can set-up a brick-and-mortar gym, but its protogym's team that makes it outperform others.
Also all the trainers/staff are great!
I've done other fitness plans from circut training to crossfit style to pole dancing.
Our girls ask to come and can't wait to be old enough to join us at the gym.
I downloaded the yelp app (on the gym's free wifi) to write this review.
It's: -affordable -clean -never too crowded -full of members with good gym ettiquette -incredibly friendly and helpful management staff.
The  best part is the personal trainers have never approached me about purchasing training, etc.
This gym is big and clean.
Trainers are available as well.
Brandon the fitness director assessed our needs perfectly!
The people and atmosphere here enabled us to achieve our fitness goals!
I'll definitely make this my go to gym!
I would definitely recommend him for any personal training needs!
Amazing environment and skilled professional talent make underground fitness second to none.
I also trained at an la fitness, and i have had memberships at other national gyms.
Due to my interest in fitness, and campus recreation in general, i have toured gym facilities on multiple campuses.
The arc falls somewhere above your typical la fitness or ymca and below gyms at most big universities.
Was only a member at this gym for a couple months before moving out of the country.
I truly appreciate the customer service that this awesome gym has to offer!
If you are looking for something totally different from the regular boring gym, check this place out.
Motivating trainers with high pace workouts.
Plenty of free weights, trx, kettle bells, separate room for classes.
As far as the gym goes, lvac always has the best gyms in town.
It's got a track so it's always good to finish your workout with cardio just walking on the track.
Great neighborhood gym with plenty of equipment.
Anytime fitness has a minimalist less is more approach that works.
Your key faub gets you 24 hr access and there are plenty of trainers that work with anytime fitness.
Felt right at home easy to get into no matter your level of fitness.
Looking for a bjj school (gi) to train at while in town for business.
The atmosphere is awesome and really feels like a gym and not a social club like the other places.
The weight room area is a good size with plenty of space to do whatever you need to do.
Hands down this a great place to be a part of and to get your fitness goals accomplished.
Amazing experience at the gym!
The fitness equipment is updated and most of the cardio machines have televisions attached.
There are 3 floors with cardio machines and free group classes.
The gym is very clean and sleek.
There are several sets of weight resistance machines so you won't have to wait unless it's during the 5:30-6:30 rush.
Every floor of the gym has cardio machines and there's no waiting for the machines.
They have a nice cardio theater.
The personal trainers and sales associates are all really cute as well.
I enjoy every personal training session i have with my trainer.
The only draw back are the membership fees and monthly charges, which is great for a gym of this caliber.
Gym is always clean and well maintained.
Additionally, the gym should be open later on the weekends.
This is a great gym.
I am a member in san diego and this gym has equipment that sd does not have.
I use personal training, the dietician and some small group classes.
Love this gym, has everything i need and use at every gym i go to.
I prefer boot camp style gyms to ordinary gyms.
I'll admit that i was completely spoiled thanks to amen & amenzone primal training.
I've been training mostly with jake.
I highly recommend this gym for those of you that prefer boot camp style gyms.
At gainey, i feel like working out in my own personal gym.
Most of the members here use the basketball court, go to the plethora of classes, or the do cardio.
On a saturday morning, there are usually 2-3 people in the weight room.
I usually do weights, but i did a yoga class and i realize i have no flexibility.
The negative thing is that, compared to 24 hour or la fitness, gainey doesn't have the equipment to compete.
They don't have hammer strength equipment or have the volume of weight machines as 24 hour or la fitness do.
As far as free weights, gainey is just fine for me though.
Gainey is more of a country club disguised as a gym.
If they had more weight machines, i'd give it 5 stars.
It's time to add another gym on the south east side, lvac.
I also noticed that her regulars there had great form during kettlebell swings which isn't the case at many gyms.
I'm 36, 50lbs overweight, vegan, somewhat lazy, very unmotivated.
The peeps who come to train: everyone is lovely!
I'm rubbish at these exercises but can train alongside super fit athletes because it's all adaptable for your ability!
I wish i had been tracking my weight the first week!
The atmosphere is very welcoming and the guys and girls who train there are all very friendly.
If you're interested in grappling, bjj, kickboxing, or mma at any level, this is a fantastic gym.
I'm a long time bjj student and i just joined this gym.
I am so happy they finally opened a new gym up my way.
Great gym, super friendly staff, and the best part... everything in the gym works!
There are enough options at the gym to do something different almost every day.
Overall it's a great gym.
I became a member of maxforce after spending 6 mos at another crossfit gym (that had horrible coaching).
This first impression sold me on the gym.
As you separate into men's and women's, there's a nice little gym with all the necessary amenities.
This is my gym.
They have a pool and jacuzzi, and their steam room is much nicer than 24 hour fitness.
The membership is pretty affordable as well compared to other gyms, the only downside is signing a contract.
I really like this gym and it's the best bang for the buck gym.
Pure fitness is a pretty good gym to go to.
One thing i have noticed at all pure fitness locations is that the trainers are like sharks.
If i wanted a trainer, i would ask.
But then again, i'm sure that happens at pretty much every gym, so you win some, you lose some.
I'd definitely recommend pure fitness to anyone.
I really love craig and the trainers here.
If you are looking for a happy jiujitsu home i'd recommend this gym to anyone.
Nick is the absolute best trainer out there!
The trainer, camille, was so energetic and had great feedback, instruction, and encouragement during the hour workout.
The environment here is dramatically more relaxed than some of the other gyms in this area.
I'd recommend this gym to anyone.
This meager sum granted me access to a warehouse filled with fitness equipment of all kinds.
One of the latter set, i was thrilled with the sheer number of squat racks and free weights.
The gym is divided into four "sections."
Upstairs they host twisted fitness (various classes).
In other words: any individual at any fitness level can fit in at ford's.
Nick is a great trainer even when you come in knowing nothing.
Hands down the best gym in las vegas, happy friendly workers, tons of machines, great juice bar, clean modern environment
I love this gym!
If you're looking for a great personal training gym in the valley then look no further.
I've been working with scott and lj and both are excellent trainers.
Snap fitness has the best customer service i've ever seen at a gym.
I'd recommend snap fitness to anyone.
Go get a workout down in their fitness area and come here to freshen up.
You know you have found a great gym when you wake up every morning excited to work out!
I have been trying to find a gym that motivates me since i moved to scottsdale 2 years ago.
After multiple attempts at la fitness, random boot camps, or the village, i finally came upon jabz.
My first week at jabz i felt overwhelmed with how welcoming and friendly the trainers and other jabz members were.
The trainers pushed me to stay motivated while still respecting and knowing my limits.
One more more thing, there are no water fountains (which you'd think they'd have in a fitness facility!)
I'm at the first open house of this truly special gym.
It doesn't have the corporate feel to it that some of the other nearby gyms have.
I like this gym b/c there are less people here so it's easier to get the machines you want.
Downside to the gym is the equipment is a bit used.
It was truly a fun/fit day with all the staff and fitness enthusiasts!
I have finally found a fitness program i actually like and can physically do.
I feel so good and i have lost weight and inches going here.
I never have trouble getting a machine and it's so nice to be a part of a local gym.
This gym is just a few blocks from downtown vegas.
Unfortunately it's not your typical 24 hour fitness.
The gym is very clean.
Because this isn't the typical 24 hour fitness you won't find the trx setup or battle ropes.
They do have all the traditional equipment that other 24 hour fitness locations have.
I absolutely love going to this gym!!
I already recommended this gym to several of my friends!
Over 14%of my weight...
If you are looking to get in shape, loose or maintain your weight this is the place to go!!
The trainers are awesome and gym members are like one big family.
I like the gym.
Thank you extreme fitness for pushing me directly into yorkville club's open arms!
I first went to extreme fitness (dunfield club location) to check out their services and was fairly impressed by everything.
The facilities are great, the gym is never busy, and the club even holds social events for their members!
I've been a member for almost a month and i love this gym!
I recently completed a strong and lean program at funktional fitness.
Also, the trainers are great as well.
I was trained by sam and jacob.
I reached new personal records every time i went to the gym to work out.
It feels like a one on one personal training session, without the hefty price tag.
Going to this gym is a good supplement to a regular fitness regime (i.e.
Pro tip 1: bring a lock - lockers are free to use, and scattered throughout the gym.
The gym is pretty nice.
This place isn't that busy, so it seems like a lot of treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes and weight machines.
There's even a room for gym classes.
But i know our gym is guilty of not always having many on hand.
The gym is modern, sleek, clean, and absolutely beautiful.
I've been training here for over a year three times a week with chris, santiago, and the pro edge fam.
All of the trainers are awesome people, happy to help, even when they're "off the clock".
I feel like i'm getting way more training than i pay for.
They make boxing super accessible for every fitness and age level without the intimidation factor.
This gym is a great place to live an active lifestyle.
This gym became a second a family to me over the years.
All in all, this is one of the best 24 hour fitness locations.
It's too bad other gyms aren't like this one.
I spent 6 days at this gym...
I been through many gyms this one fits me best by far.
Lots of classes, huge weight room, sauna and steam room friendly staff really superb place in my opinion.
I made the switch to this planet fitness right when it opened.
Yes, they have weird rules to play to their "this-gym-is-for-the-ungymed-marketing".
You can't throw weights around.
This gym is a winner.
This is one of the better fitness clubs in phoenix.
This gym has a friendly and knowledgeable staff that actually listen to their clients .
He is a great asset to this gym and what this place focuses on to create a better you .
He pushes you just enough to help you reach your fitness goals.
Larone     is one of the best trainers we have ever worked with.
nergie cardio, la salle de sport un peu  la mode pour le moment !
There is a very good vibe in the gym that is both fitting for kids and the serious gym goer!!
They are also continuing to add to the gym to have even more quality equipment.
If you are visiting vegas and looking for a great gym check out the dungeon.
If you live in vegas, sign up and train with cassius!
I have gotten even stronger and cut down more training at the dungeon.
This is a complete gym.
There are a lot of classes, steam rooms, pools, running track and many types of weight lifting equipment.
This is an amazing gym!
Everyone at this gym is so inviting.
Also the gym is open every day of the week with morning and evening classes
This is really a great, basic gym.
The trainers who work there are extremely helpful, even though i can't afford them :(  charles is especially awesome!
When you go right after rush hour, it can be sort of packed, but that's probably most gyms anyway.
I have worked out with every trainer at underground and they are all really great, knowledgeable and encouraging.
This gym does it's job when i'm in town.
The trainers are knowledgeable and don't shy away from pushing you hard to get results.
The lockers are clean and do not smell like wet dog, unlike other gyms i've had the misfortune of visiting.
I have been a member of this gym on and off for the last several years.
The best yoga at the best "real" boxing gym around.
I have to say this is by far the best gym i've ever been to!!
Great customer service , clean facility, best gym experience as of right now.
I consider myself very fortunate to have one of the best trainers (blake) in the building.
She's focused on helping me with my nutrition and weight loss goals.
Working out at this fitness center has been the best decision.
Definitely recommend this gym, coming from a previous 24hrfitness membership.
I love the cardio, variety of movements and strength training.
I am at lyfegym 5 to 6 times a week and the other members of lyfegym are my second family.
I recommend this gym to everyone!
If you are not sure about what to do for fitness but want to do "something"......try lyfegym!
#lyfegym #fitnessyouwilllove #happyplace #secondfamily @lyfegym
(of course i got the young studly guy instead of one of the many hot female trainers they have here.
At the end of the second day my trainer worked with me on cooling down and stretching.
With out using weights i am working and stretching till parts of my body shake.
I've done a bit of everything - tough mudder, spartan, powerlifting, marathon training and working with a coach.
It would be great for anyone training for any of the above and just to maintain overall good health.
I never burn less than 650cal, so if weightloss is the goal, they have that covered too.
Our nine year old daughter really enjoys training here with coach burns!
One thing i've pleasantly noticed since i've been a member is the place never smells like a gym.
There are quite a few programs to choose from depending on your fitness goals.
I honestly feel this is much better than a personal trainer.
To date my waistline is 2 inches smaller and i've lost 14 pounds of body weight.
Trainers and staff are very friendly.
Great  place to train in henderson.
Clean gym with a family feel.
I've been attending this gym for a year and a half.
It's not for everyone as noted from the previous comments for their machines and free weights.
For someone  with a busy work schedule, having a 24 hour gym is great.
I know for a fact that the women using those lockers haven't been back to the gym.
Sure enough my lock was still there after a whole weekend of not going to the gym.
Forget the box gyms.
If you're in it more for the cardio, he also runs a challenging fitness class.
I also use fitness center at my corporate location during weekday lunch hours.
It's a very nice fitness club with locker rooms and nice modern equipment.
After signing up ...i was introduced to one of the personal trainers, jayde.
Jayde is very personable as i think personal trainers should be.
I'm sure other trainers are good too.
If you can afford the training, i would like to recommend her.
As well they do zuma and barre and have plenty of cardiovascular equipment.
It does get busy during rush hours but nothing compared to other big gyms -ahemgoodlife-.
I really appreciate the owner himself doing the labour in up keeping the gym, it shows dedication.
There are fitness classes that run throughout the week but i can't comment on those i've never taken one.
There are cameras posted throughout the gym, and you can only enter with a key.
This is a nice spacious anytime fitness.
The only problem i have is the wifi issue, but even the it's still a great gym to go to.
I love my gym, i just wish they would update the 'saved by the bell' look.
There's a ton of cardio machines as well as weight machines and free weights.
I love that they have racket ball and all kinds of fitness classes.
The weights are never picked up.
This is not your typical gym or personal training gym.
These people are the friendliest trainers and gym staff that i have ever met.
Working out at orangetheory fitness is amazing.
Very happy to call this gym my new home!!
I have been boxing for 7 years with the same coach, 5 different gyms.
Currently united has classes for boxing, muay thai, hiit interval training and yoga.
Their facebook page has lots of details and training schedule.
I drive 15 minutes to come here even though there are many other closer gyms.
Most fitness levels will be able to complete as you can pass through an obstacle if it's too difficult.
I've been a pure fitness member for a few years....so what can i say.
At first, i was a little unsure due to the size as i was used to larger gyms.
The gym has great classes and is always adding new things.
Pool and gym are great.
The staff and trainers are very friendly and super helpful.
The work out is fast paced and intense but the trainers are very supportive and encouraging!
This is a gym for people who just want to workout and leave.
They have a very large selection of weight machines and a lot of free weights.
This is one of my favorite gyms to workout at.
The atmosphere is nice and you have all the gym equipment you need.
They seem to be more attentive than staff i have encountered at other gyms in the las vegas area.
I believe this gym also has really good trainers that know their craft.
So if you are looking for a trainer, this is a pretty good place to find one.
You want a trainer that looks like they know what they are preaching.
I've seen trainers at other gyms and i wonder why they are trainers!
My trainer is denise bloom and i love her!
This is a super cool, friendly, neighborhood gym.
This gym honestly has its pros and cons.
Its a great gym for well-rounded exercise.
You pay monthly, get free parking and you can even get personal training.
Despite the fact that its usually crowded, this gym does it right for me.
Also, something that is atypical for gyms in las vegas, there is no "gym attitude" at i love kickboxing.
This is not a meat market or overpriced gym with stuff you do not need.
Pros: 24/7, lot of equipment available, wide range of services: yoga, spinning, sauna, massage chairs, private training areas.
Cons: lack of staff, busy during peak hours, lack of staff compared to gyms like world health
The trainers here are so down to earth with all they do.
This gym is the best i have ever experienced and worth every expensive penny!
They have everything you could every need to shower and transition into non-gym attire.
It's gym, salon and country club all-in-one, you can't beat it.
Their yoga and fitness classes are the best.
They incorporated cardio & some workout moves along with working on the bag.
Friendly staff and a nice large free weights area.
It's always been about the passion to help people reach their fitness goals than to run a corp.
I love that personal feel they bring to our gym.
Honestly, i can't decide if the trainers, the people, or the fitness is my favorite part of blur!
The trainers are caring, fun, super savvy, and just have the best personalities ever!
Great trainers, families and athletes.
This gym is very clean and the wait time to use equipment is near nonexistent.
I'm a regular in the gym despite all that and usually work away by myself.
They have many, many toys: ropes to climb, tires to flip, gorgeous eleiko bars and weights, hurdles, kettlebells, bands.
I've never been so excited about fitness and getting to the gym until i started training with him.
The gym is beautiful, the equipment is well kept and the people that attend the classes are all incredibly nice.
I am a snap member because there is a gym close to the places i travel.
The gym is off the hook n trainers.
I have gone to other kickboxing gyms, but i love kickboxing is definitely my favorite.
I've never been a gym person but i'm really enjoying going here.
As with all la fitness locations it is not very clean, but staff is super friendly and helpful.
I love the decor of this gym.
The facility also has showers which is surprisingly rare for crossfit gyms.
Great trainers + fun playlist = awesome workout.
Listen to your trainer, complete your workout and switch to the next one ( rower/ tread/ weight room ).
Finally...   a really cool fitness studio that is **also** in my back yard...how cool is that?
A new gym in toronto that makes exercise simply fun!
As i toured the center i saw they have pilates classes, a fitness room, and two pools.
Anyways, this is a ladies only gym, located upstairs in loblaws.
Maybe he dropped a weight on his foot or something?
I switched to anytime fitness after some not so great experiences with the larger gyms.
The trainers are welcoming of all shapes and ages.
I am a fan of this 24 hour fitness location!!
Great facility with lots of new equipment, probably one of the best ufc gym in las vegas.
I signed up for a single drop-in fitness boxing class.
The fitness boxing class is a circuit - style class.
I have been to many gyms in my life as i was a performer for many years.
I hired dee as a personal trainer and it was the best decision i ever made.
Jimmy phipps is my trainer at this gym.
Usually do not like hard core gyms.
I started seeing the trainer janet to strengthen my weak areas!!!
I don't have a lot of experience with gyms, so take that into consideration when reading this review.
My wife has been attending this gym for about a year now and loves it.
She loves the classes like weight lifting, insanity, spin.
I typically spend time in the gym area with the machines.
I always thought that i needed a gym....access to an elliptical machine and strength training machines.
I could never go back to a boring gym again.
I make it to a point to be at the gym atleast 3x a week.
I've used anytime fitness for a little over a year now.
That said, pro edge is my favorite boxing gym of the bunch.
At other gyms, there were restrictive cancellations policies, restrictive late policies, and restrictive policies on your number of sessions.
I think they're waiting to train him!
It's very clean- both the locker rooms and the fitness floor.
- an excellent, friendly and modern gym that i highly recommend.
Enter hard candy fitness!
That said, this is where the gym falls just short of a 5-star rating.
The people that workout are here to train for real.
So many options of independent trainers too if you want to take your fitness to another level.
I started training here about a month ago.
The instructors are friendly, knowledgeable and genuinely care about the people putting their time/money into training.
I've owned gym memberships to three other gyms and hated them because i felt awkward going.
Anytime is the perfect gym.
A great quaint gym that can offers you everything you need to workout in the comfort of a smaller environment.
... except the weight and inches!!!
Excellent variety of new equipment from lifestyle- machines and free weights.
Huge stairclimbers, cybex arc trainers, treadmills, ellipticals, and different bicycles.
I'm greatly enjoying my boxing training on the heavy bag.
I don't feel embarrassed about my weight or age because the members are friendly.
I've never gone regularly to a gym but i sure do now it's a positive place to be.
This is one of the best 24 hour fitness locations.
The reason is that is used to be an overly expensive gym and then 24 bought it.
Easily the biggest and most roomy pool i've seen at a 24 hour fitness yet.
You can't walk 100 ft to the gym?
The gym si clean [at least the ladies side] and everybody is welcoming.
I love fitness works!
They are high-cardio, and great dancers.
Very clean gym with great equipment!!!
Most gyms would tell you to come back in the daytime.
The pnc ymca has been my gym for 4 years.
I live in los angeles and have great gyms to compare it with....super cool.
This gym is always clean.
If you have the scrilla, gainey village is the gym for you.
So far this is my favorite gym in the area.
I train everyday, and was heart broken to learn, that i will not be training for at least 6 months!
I like this club very much - facilities are great from gym, fitness classes to tennis courts.
I went there for tennis but also did look at their fitness programs offered.
Yes weights are all over the place.
Tell me one gym where that isn't the case.
Great gym at a great price.
I've had nothing but positive experiences with this gym and its staff.
The place  has plenty of cardio equipment and lots of free weights which i love.
Yea, no gym is perfect.
I have been a member of the group personal training classes and those will surely kick your ass.
I tried my first orangetheory fitness class this past weekend with lori and it couldn't have gone better!
I highly recommend orangetheory fitness tempe!
This is a really nice gym.
I was staying in pittsburgh for business and my hotel didn't have a gym.
However they had a deal setup with east carson fitness where i could get day passes.
This gym was really nice, clean, and the equipment seemed pretty new.
Highly recommended if you live in the area and want a nice gym to workout at.
The enthusiastic environment in this gym makes workout something i look forward to instead of dread.
I definitely recommend ilovekickboxing.com to all fitness enthusiasts out there both beginners and advanced.
I decided to do personal training for the first time in my life and i sure needed it.
I'm very happy with all but one of my trainers.
Francisco packs more into 25 minutes than any of the other trainers i've worked with.
Caleb is the personal training coordinator and i would have loved to have worked with him.
He is super motivating and specializes in preparing people for fitness shows!
I'm moving soon and am sad to leave la fitness on baseline.
The members come from a wide spectrum of fitness levels.
There is a short orientation video, tour, and training to make you feel comfortable.
There is also a workout area and climbing training area.
Mma, cross fit, boxing, yoga, cardio, and a variety of classes.
I've been going to lafitness for 5 years.
I needed a trainer for inspiration!
My trainer, sonia, has been my inspiration!
She's made my fitness routine successful, as well as fun.
I have lost weight and gained muscle.
The trainers are beyond amazing.
I have lost so much weight by coming here.
I was fat, lazy, and overweight.
I have been a member at la fitness and going to the settlers ridge location for about 3 weeks now.
The gym is clean.
Not your typical gym.
The decision to sign up for the personal training is one of the best decisions we have made.
This is my second time at this gym.
I have had overall positive experiences at this gym.
Compared to other gyms i've been a member of, this place is clean, relatively bro free, and not too busy.
I love the weight training machines.
They offer classes all day long so it can fit into anyone's schedule- joining this gym is worth it :)
This place might be a nice hidden gem (and gym).
Great basketball and cardio gym.
Cons - weight lifting gym pretty small.
It's a gym without the meatmarket feel.
Such a great gym.
We don't have any gyms down here like this that i'm aware of.
The downtown 24 hour fitness is a smaller gym, but clean, friendly, and with lots of options for classes.
Beyond that, the gym has tons of free weights and nautilus equipment to keep you happy.
If you want to train next to the big boys this is the place to be in las vegas.
My go-to gym when in las vegas on business.
Place is super big, tons of weights, racks, equipment, mirrors, benches, cables, dumbells.
Boxing  / mma ring there too and i think they offer training and lessons.
This is a real hardcore training gym.
I love orange theory and the trainers!
I recommend it to anyone who wants to see true results and needs that initial motivation on their fitness journey
I never thought i would be leaving a stellar gym review.
I found this gym through an online deal.
Lockers, towels, and a shower make this boutique gym stand out.
It feels so non-gymish (not a word i know).
So, trust me when i say this place is very serene, clean, and non-offensive as gyms go.
Now at unexpected times, say 2pm on a wednesday, the gym is over run with people.
Granted there are peepers in every gym.
However, this gym, with it's share of old men with money, has peepers of a different sort.
The pros definitely outweigh the cons, and for me this gym is a keeper.
I was a member of this gym, happily, for 2 years.
I never had one single problem with the gym.
The only reason i canceled is because my husband wanted a gym with a pool and racquetball courts.
But, the facility is awesome and the trainers seem really professional, competent, and friendly.
I'm 43 and a father of 3 and the last thing i wanted was a tough guy/thuggish gym experience.
The mixed martial arts oriented training is incorporated into a number of the classes.
I really think my experience relies heavily on my interaction with the trainers at this point.
I met thiago, who will be my jiu-jitsu trainer tonight, and he seemed equally excellent.
The trainers at underground are so personable and not what you think of when you think of your typical trainer.
Best gym in las vegas!
The classes are challenging and fun and the trainers keep the energy up!
The culture in this gym is unlike anything i've seen.
If the bootcamp type classes aren't your thing, they have small group training weight training classes as well.
Focuses more on lifting versus cardio.
Lots of variety, great energy, trainers are amazing.
Just finished my first raw fitness challenge.
I wasn't successful with the weight loss but i lost a lot of inches.
The trainers are all so friendly, funny and encouraging.
I will be continuing with raw, and signing up for the gym monday.
If you're tired of your weight, not being able to fit in those jeans, join raw!
Maybe not the most cleanest gym i've been to in vegas, but for the price i can take it.
Kinda old school, not as updated as rest of l.a. fitness's near by.
The first women's only kickboxing gym in markham?!?
Go talk to any of the trainers they are ready to help.
I went there many times, because i have membership at energie cardio.
This gym is for ladies only, might be that's the thing i don't feel myself good there...
If you shy or just wanna start some exercise, this gym is your place.
It truly is a place that any woman, at any fitness level can go to get a great sweat in.
It has a home-gym feel, but with the supervised training needed to prevent injury.
New trainers have come in and only contribute to the wonderful enviorment jake and scott have cultivated.
One of the trainers, brooke,  is in their a lot and she will kick your ass no joke.
Eat clean, train dirty!
The gym could use some updated equipment but, overall a good gym.
I've never worked with a trainer before and it is so worth it!
It is always refreshing to see a gym owner very often present keeping things running exceptional.
The gym is great, i wish it wasn't always so packed, but this is vegas.
So while i love the gym and it's variety of locations, i can't brag about the billing department.
I came in at 307# and really didn't know much about fitness or nutrition .
All of those from eating habits to training and supplements.
Funkfit puts an emphasis on strength, endurance, cardio and flexibility in an encouraging, positive team centered approach.
I almost gave this location 4 stars, but personal trainer, erica echols makes this gym a five star experience.
That led to an aqua training!
By far the best gym around.
This is not your average globo-gym.
Lots of free weights, slam balls, kettlebells, power racks and open space.
I'm pretty excited about this gym about where its going.
It is not crowded and it is pretty dim in the gym, but i really don't mind it at all.
People got fitness on their mind here, not socializing.
They teach some of the boxing/kickboxing classes and are often seen in the gym doing personal training too.
With them, very worth your sweat  working out with them will really change your attitude about fitness!
Protogym is exactly what i have been looking for.
Best gym in town.
Too many people use the courts for weight training and it is ruining the courts.
Love all the random cardio workouts.
My wife has trained with dave for many years and had encouraged me to try him.
I am curious to see how the personal training session will go tomorrow.
Great owner, great coaches, love the way the workouts are organized compared to other gyms & the atmosphere is amazing!
I just joined this gym 3 days ago and i love it.
I have been training with caleb hock since 2015 when i got tired of doing it my own for years.
Love the cardio dance classes !
The gym is always clean and the smoothie bar employees are always very nice .
This place isn't cheap but neither is a personal trainer .
There were people of all shapes and sizes and fitness levels .
If you have trouble sticking with the gym this may be your ticket!!
My little kids (ages 2-6) love going to "kids gym" and the childcare staff are wonderful.
They membership includes all the general fitness classes and a few free kids fitness classes for ages 5-12.
The personal trainers (kat is awesome!)
Overall a great affordable, family friendly gym with a focus on helping the community become healthier!
My trainer, onawa is fantastic.
I've only been training with him for a couple weeks but can already feel and see a difference.
If you're serious about losing weight or toning your body in a healthy way, this is the place for you!
The one and only thing i'd change...the personal training classes are 30 min.
It would be great if they'd give us 45 min with our trainer.
First off, i should say that this is my gym.
I love it and that's why it's my gym.
The staff is veru friendly and the gym is clean and neat.
One may feel slightly wary of this seemingly dark, slightly intimidating gym from the outside.
Advanced swimmers may find the temperature of the water a bit too warm for long training sessions though.
Equipment is always put back in the right area and not scattered around like at some other gyms.
Another great perk of the gym is the crossfit area.
The best part of the gym is the ambiance.
Just serious and determined fellow gym peeps looking to make dem gainzzzz along side you.
I was totally impressed with the setup of this gym.
They have a lot to offer compared to other gyms and it is a steal.
We did the circuit training, which is a 30 minute workout.
City athletic gym is extremely clean and their function room is nicely lit and the sound system is fantastic!
I've joined many gyms in the past and i'm happy to say i've found the last one.
If you are looking for a mindless workout of lifting weights and doing the treadmill, this isn't for you.
All of the trainers ron, jake and joey are supportive, knowledgeable and passionate about fitness.
Staff is super friendly and the gym is always clean.
I'm very impressed with the new ownership and enjoy working out at this anytime fitness location!
The last time i attended a fitness class was three years ago.
I love this planet fitness.
The black card amenities are nice and the gym is definitely worth the $20/ month.
Two months ago, i decided that it was time to join a gym.
Hard candy came to mind as i wanted a gym that was less busy, more intimate and closer to home.
He had a very different, laid-back attitude compared to the other experiences i had with wynn and extreme fitness.
The gym was definitely busier than i would like esp with the aura residents moving in.
It's really a nice gym, overall.
Are much more varied than a standard gym.
It's always "clean", but frequently not that super-clean that high-end gyms are.
This gym isn't for everyone, with that being said i love this place.
This gym was recommended, i would do the same.
This is one of my absolute favorite gyms i have ever been too.
The group fitness classes are efficient, motivating and worth it!!
I highly recommend joining this gym, not only to better yourself physically, but to meet people as well.
I'll miss the arc trainers.
This is the perfect beginner gym.
This gym will likely serve it's purpose for you.
However there doesn't seem to be a busy time at this gym.
There is only one bar and it's a higher weight than i can lift for say, bicep curls.
From novice to advanced, this gym is for everybody.
Drop-ins also very reasonable priced for a personal training atmosphere.
Enter jabz....  a fun, challenging and effective workout....already set up in a clean, modern gym.
The 3 trainers (len, kim and katie) are the most down-to-earth, fun and motivating people you will ever meet.
It's not a chore to go to this gym.... it's something you actually look forward to.
In conclusion, i would highly recommend this gym to any woman... of any age....and any fitness level.
Great gym for family at affordable price.
Third floor is cardio-exercise machines - treadmills, ellipticals, and stationary bikes, all with tv monitors to watch while you sweat.
Also on third floor is lots of weight machines, free weights, and olympic weights.
I have been training at underground fitness with camille for almost a month.
The whole vibe of the gym is positive, encouraging, and you never feel judged.
It is all women at all different fitness levels.
I've already referred multiple of my friends to this gym, highly recommend it!
Mark is an excellent trainer as all of them are i'm sure.
He always makes sure that my time at the gym isn't wasted and is efficiently used.
He has contributed a tremendous amount tmy growth, in the gym-world.
The trainers are great!
I drive past other crossfit gyms, just to come here for the wods and the people.
La fitness has excellent equipment and carl showed me how to use them without hurting my body.
My trainer, ron edwards, sounds pretentious i know, but let me tell you, he's a freaking magic man!
We have done everything from weight training to hiking to yoga (i call it stretching).
I found a new gym home at svc and i couldn't be more happy!
I highly recommend cardiogo to anyone who loves practicing yoga.
It's completely kid and dog friendly too, i don't know what else i could ask for in a gym.
Maurice did a great job giving me a tour of the gym and answering any questions.
No fitness snobs here to speak of!
I'm not a fan of "fans" and "fitness".
The dcc gym is unlike any other gym i've ever been to (i've been to a whole lot).
There's also monkey bars, a universal, fire hoses, mats, a huge tire, sledgehammers... all with which you train (get worked).
Highly recommended for all serious athletes, even just for occasional cross-training.
It's cardio combined with strength training.
Anyone of any fitness level can use this gym.
The trainers engage you throughout your workout pushing you to go the extra mile.
Wanting to try something different than our usual routine at the gym, a group of us came here one evening.
The gym is very convenient to the verrado community.
Lots of equipment, free weights, and an upstairs bathroom for both men and women.
So i just want to focus on the workout, the trainers, the people and the facilities.
There are more than enough machines for people and gyms are available for sports from badminton to volleyball.
I highly recommend him as a trainer!!
Me and the gym break up and get back together all the time.
Good life fitness is the best option in toronto (i say) for many reasons:  -helpful staff.
I truly love this gym and the people in it.
Trust me, the second you see what it is all about here, you will never want to train anywhere else.
I've been a member to this gym since the beginning!
If you are serious about getting in shape or training hardcore, this is the gym for you!
This gym is very close to the downtown casinos.
I figured i'd get into shape and needed a gym to sign up.
I had never really lifted weights and wasn't in the best shape even though i was pretty athletic.
I probably needed a trainer but couldn't justify paying for one considering i was an unemployed college student.
The gym here is massive.
The free weights were clean and new.
I belong to la fitness still but joined the gym here and get a better workout than i ever have.
A bit busy,  but this gym is huge with great equipment and great classes.
The gym itself is huge compared to the gold's gym back home.
The gym is open 24/7 and the easiest way to get here is to take the bus.
Besides venice, las vegas has to be one of the landmark gyms for the west coast!
The trainers are phenomenal also.
This is a great gym!!
Craig, the owner/trainer, knows everyone's name and makes everyone feel welcome!
I'm not a gym person but i liked this gym.
Unlike large chain gyms, i did not experience any extra costs for towels or use of facilities.
This gym is usually crowded so parking can be equally as fun as fighting traffic.
I have tried going to the "gym" and i always felt lost and embarrased going at it alone.
I visited this gym on a business trip from los angeles.
The facility is much nicer than a lot of gyms in the la area.
Joined this gym back in october and really love it.
Never over-crowded, lots of cardio and weight options, and you gotta love clean bathrooms and 24 hour access.
For a small gym its got everything you need.
I love this gym.
I have received some very helpful assistance from erica with cardio machines at the eastern facility.
The gyms are always clean and neat.
Great class - id recommend it to anyone, no matter what your level fitness or yoga experience!
Good work out, but there is no fooling anybody, to loose weight you have to diet and exercise.
Ready, set, here goes: billy howard is the best trainer and sports nutritionist i have ever encountered.
It is clear that not all crossfit gyms and trainers are the same.
This is my favorite la fitness location.
I got my first personal training assessment with raine and she was fabulous.
She knew exactly what exercises i needed to do to assist me in my fitness goals.
Also, i signed up with la fitness through chris, the gm.
This gym is amazing.
After a long day of work i still want to go to the gym to boost my day.
The trainers are highly qualified to train and get you into the shape you are looking for.
I've been going to lff near the university for nearly 3 years now - i really love this gym!
Other than that it is a great gym and i plan to stay here for awhile.
The cardio bikes here are capped at 142rpm - if you hit that the bike automatically brakes.
I've been harassed by creepy guys at other gyms so this is a big plus to me.
It's a small gym so sometimes it gets crowded but i've never had to wait too long for a machine.
They also offer personal trainer sessions, group classes and tanning booths (but psa: don't tan, please.
Another nice perk is as a member you can access any other anytime fitness gym in the country.
Great staff, not too busy in the mornings or evenings, clean gym with plent of equipment options.
Best gym in scottsdale!
Glory gains gym is a top notch facility.
It has state of the art equipment, always clean, and the members and trainers are motivating and inspiring!!
The trainers are great and very professional.
I was looking for my fitness home and reformed is it.
The womens only area could use some work... they have a good amount of cardio machines.
My trainer, ron edwards, sounds pretentious i know, but let me tell you, he's a freaking magic man!
We have done everything from weight training to hiking to yoga (i call it stretching).
Awesome gym for anyone from a newbie to a seasoned crossfitter.
This climbing gym is excellent.
Beyond being an incredible trainer and fitness coach, he became my friend.
I'd recommend this team to anyone looking to make a change in their fitness, health and wellness.
The trainers in tempe are awesome.
I love how this place is more than just a gym- it's a spa.
My go-to gym in markham.
Great fitness classes and natural light with huge windows (unlike the dark, alternatives in the area).
Gym was very clean and lighting was on point, recommend to everyone !
Hands down best group fitness in phoenix.
The personal training is still only $109/mo for twelve 30-min sessions with staff trainers al and jason.
If you want to just try the gym before doing a contract, there are several options.
We moved from la fitness, i could only take so many meat heads picking up on girls.
If you're looking for a gym strictly with equipment (and martial arts classes), this is a five star gym.
Wright's gym was perfect for me because it allowed me to focus on what i need to do without distractions.
Pricing was also great; they were cheaper than the "deal" a neighboring gym chain gave me.
I am personally a member of this gym.
Just moved to goodyear and was looking for a new gym!
Well done la fitness on northern!
Your age doesn't matter and either does your fitness abilities.
I got to know scott carpenter just as the gym was going though a transition of management back in 2012.
I have gotten to know a variety of trainers very well and made life long friends here.
I particularly grew fond of ron edwards training style.
The trainers know what they are doing, too, and really push you!
I quit 24 hour fitness after 22 years.
One of the best parts of this gym is everyone re-racks their own weights!
I highly recommend this gym if you live around the canyon gate area.
This gym is still fairly new in the scheme of things..
Tk is the best personal trainer in vegas: knowledgable, patient and energetic.
But if you're looking for a strictly boxing gym, this ain't the place.
My corrective personal trainer, seth, is unbelievable.
The gym has a special coach in moses.
This location is another one in my merry go round of gym jaunts.
Plenty of cardio machines with racquetball and basketball courts to up your bpm.
Generally, the weights/machines are organized easily to the target areas.
As i mentioned, getting to the weights may be a fighting ring if you come during peak hours.
Kick some weights around.
I was looking for a gym that would maximize my efficiency in a single workout.
I wanted to do some hiit training to complement my training.
Going to a regular gym didn't cut it--i would drift listlessly from machine to machine not really doing much.
It hits all my training objectives with the different themes every day: strength, power, endurance, esp (combo of all three).
One huge thing that prevented me from signing up for a gym was childcare.
I was 40+lbs over my "normal weight".
I would leave the gym feeling like i accomplished something and it just turned a switch in my attitude.
I've met some pretty incredible, inspiring, strong people at this "gym" that have become good friends.
I hate to even call it a gym because it's so much more than that, it's a community.
As you get stronger you just increase weights/intensity or even add moves for extra challenge.
The trainers are amazing!
Has everything i need - ellipticals, treadmills, bikes, weight machines, free weights and stretching area.
They are open 24 hours (yes) and they do have a women's gym!
The z spot is the place to go for your cardio workout!
Nice selection of free weights and jump ropes as well.
I love that i can fulfill all my fitness needs in one convenient location.
Very thorough programs for both training and recreation.
Cac trumps lvac, 24 hour fitness and any of those zoo's.
What separates this gym from all other gyms is the world class training.
I get the most bang for my buck at the strike fit classes or their cardio kickboxing classes.
This gym is definitely worth it.
Do yourself a favor and check this gym out.
I'm pretty sure at any other gym, my wedding ring would be gone.
I have to give this gym some love.
Pros: - small gym with a more intimate neighborhood feel (not so many people).
Cons: - small gym with limited facilities (no showers, no pool, no free group classes like lvac).
The programs are interval training with several stations that focus on strength and cardio fitness.
They also have a cardio kickbox class too.
If you are tired of the same old gym crap then its time to step to fitcamp.
All the staff and trainers are super friendly.
The trainers + heart rate monitor keeps you motivated to push through each class.
Half the class is spent in the weight room and the other half on the treadmill.
I just moved to las vegas from nashville where i worked out at a small 24/7 gym.
Aside from the typical ... nobody re-racks their weights ... the gym itself is 5 stars hands down.
9round selwyn is my favorite gym ever.
Craig and the other trainers truly love what they do and it shows.
I've gone to other boxing gyms that smell bad or are very hot and 9round selwyn is the total opposite.
It's also a place that no matter your fitness level or limitations/injuries, it can work for you.
I can't say how impressed i am with this gym's owner.
Also, just as an fyi i loved eddie's gym.
Thanks again eddie and if i don't like the adjustment to my new gym then i'll definitely be back soon.
I don't normally go to gyms or work out or anything really.
The one thing i love is how this gym, doesn't really feel like a gym.
Patrick and al are fantastic trainers!!
I have tried a lot of other gyms, and this is by far my favorite place to work out!
We are so excited to have found this gym.
Im active in sports and this gym has everything i need to complete my workout.
They provide great service, from the front desk to the personal trainers.
We brought my nieces here for their first gymnastics class.
They has an assortment of nice equipment and helpful trainers.
She had told me she passed by power fitness on her way to work an heard they have kickboxing classes.
If you skip two weeks even after being consistent, you'll be sorry the first day you come back to train.
They use free weights and you might have to do push ups (yes all this while you're riding your bike).
Trust me, i must have sweated out half my body weight in that class.
Places like anytime fitness, and heavens will charge you anywhere from $80 to $100 for a basic membership.
These gyms cannot match the quality of facilities and equipment available at the y.
I love the classes at this gym!
The trainers are very motivating and have lots of different workouts to offer.
I'd choose this place over a gym any day which is why i signed up.
Decent priced personal training as well.
Inner peaks is an excellent place for indoor climbing and for training for serious outdoor climbing.
They have a lot of weight machines, but they could use a few more for arms.
Black devil mma is the opposite of the big mass market gyms.
The other gym goers are always friendly and there to give you a hand if you need it.
You walk in through the main floor where the main desk, tanning salons, nursery and personal trainer offices are located.
If you head downstairs you'll find the pool, group fitness and change rooms.
Finally the third (top floor) is where you will find the cardio equipment, free weights, machines and spin studios.
Imagine my surprise when i stumbled across protogym.
When i first walked into protogym, i already knew that i was very likely going to sign up.
Let's face it, they were cheaper than any gym nearby (without a contract!)
- a customized gym experience.
- classes and trainers.
I used to view personal training more of a splurge than getting a massage, and didn't even consider it.
I have funktional fitness to thank for that.
The schedule at beauregards is flexible and accommodating for any person with the desire to train.
I have trained jiu jitsu for years before coming to ryan.
I belong to a gym and even tried cross-fit.
I've tried almost every workout format and numerous gyms/studios.
The gym does not stink!
Weights are ample, not a lot of them are missing.
I was afraid for her safety, and the poor people who will help her in the gym.
Before i forget, the people who runs this gym are extremely educated, which comes out when one converses with them.
Their trainers are enthusiastic, motivating and knowledgeable.
I really like the planet fitness franchise.
This gym just opened in april 2018.
The staff is friendly and so are the other gym peeps.
I am going to miss this gym as i am moving out of town.
At first it's very intimidating as this gym is catered towards trainers/professional bodybuilders.
Inside track for jogging, lots of cardio, piston resistance and free weight machines and gear.
Enough programs, trainers and specialty routines to cover anyone.
You's have to own your own gym to do better, but that ain't cheap.
Great gym with a friendly, skilled and fun staff and coaches.
Classes are a fun and great workout for any level fitness.
There's a good mix of experienced and real fighters, mid-level and beginners here for a variety of training options.
My absolute favorite thing about the gym is the slackline.
Definitely the premier climbing gym in all of charlotte.
Nick has the knowledge and compassion to take you to the next level and help you reach your fitness goals!
Then i hurt my leg while i was exercising at my normal gym.
This is a smaller sized gym but it never feels packed to me.
The trainers are very encouraging, and the music makes the hour go by quickly.
But the gym has other stuff that you can do as well so it isn't too bad!
It is a completely supportive environment that encourages self growth in all aspects of life, not just in the gym.
The facebook group (once you become a member) is also filled with fitness tips, food tips(!!!!
I'm looking forward to my fitness journey here at otf.
If you're looking to follow an amazingly guided weight lifting workout get to project fitness and check them out!
I enjoy this gym but it's too packed sometimes and you can't find parking.
Now that gym membership is included in tve hoa fee, there's no reason not to go.
Maybe when it gets hot out, i'll get back in the gym itself.
Can't beat the prices and how well they keep up the gym and equipment quality.
A couple complaints; this gym gets crazy packed!!!
Overall the gym is fantastic.
They share a deep appreciation for their clients and improving their health and fitness.
The machines and benches aren't soaked with sweat and other nasty goo like most box gyms are.
Tbc is modelled after boot camp--you'll definitely do exercises like pushups, crunches, and some free weight movements like rows.
You definitely will get a full body workout as there is a mix of cardio and strength.
The trainers (coaches) are not only very knowledgeable but very friendly and easy to work with.
The programs are varied and customized to help you obtain your personal fitness goals.
They also have fitness and weight loss challenges and educational seminars based on holistic health.
This is hands down the best mma gym in arizona.
Not sure what your expectations are, but this is a gym.
Yes from 5-6:30 the gym is pack, not sure what you're expecting.
I'm not paying for lifetime fitness.
The gym was remodeled in 2010 and there are definitely enough machines to keep waiting down to a minimum.
As far as la fitness locations go this is my favorite.
They have plenty of cardio machines such as treadmills, bikes and ellipticals.
Plenty of free weights are available and there are tons of different machines.
The manager does his best to run that gym.
The gym equipment is amazing for all kids, autistic or not.
I've been a member at a variety of gyms, from small and independently owned, to some of the big chains.
Words can't describe how awesome carl, one of the personal trainers, was with me.
After signing up for membership i was given a free personal trainer session and scheduled one with carl.
Ron became my personal trainer after a knee replacement.
I look forward to coming to the gym.
Ron is a plus to underground fitness.
My first thought about la fitness was "oh geez, a gym in a strip mall?
- there are no water fountains upstairs by the weight machines.
: my rating of this la fitness branch is just based on my experience there.
I know nothing of other gyms in and around pittsburgh or how this place compares.
Excellent gym facility with a lot of diverse and intense coaches!
(sort of like circuit training).
I have been going to this gym for about 6 months and i love it.
I have used multiple gyms over the past 6 years or so.
Trainers are very helpful and they will motivate you every step thru.
Nothing compares to this gym.
I have been going to this gym for about 6 months now.
My favourite part is the group fitness classes that are included with your membership!
This gym is the best gym in vegas by far.
I opted to join golds gym....big mistake by the way!!!
This gym has a friendly and welcoming atmosphere that truly welcomes everyone around.
There is a great abundance of equipment, and the gym is very well maintained.
I am extremely glad that i was able to find and train at this amazing organization.
My favorite la fitness is definitely the one at south mountain.
Made even better by my trainer vince!
I love this gym.
I have been a member of almost every gym in the greater phoenix metro area as i've lived everywhere.
This is because the gym:  1.
I've never been to a gym where i've felt so welcome.
The staff is so great and all the trainers are very knowledgable!
Made a change after 15 years from la fitness to gainey ranch spa and club.
I find the gymnasium to be excellent and the locker room top-of-the-line.
I have earned/won free training sessions, massages and locker room upgrades.
- the jcc gym has limited hours during jewish holidays (which makes sense).
Apart from that i love the gym.
This gym is fancy!
If you are in a rut and have plateaued in your fitness, try this class.
The general area of the gym has new equipment.
This is the best la fitness that i have been to.
I've been training regularly since 1983.
In that time, i have been a member of many gyms and have also tried numerous programs.
Crossfit has by far improved my fitness greater than any other form of training i have encountered.
In all my years of training, i've never encountered anything like it before.
The cardio and strength components vary depending on which workout you choose.
There is a mix of cardio (jumping jacks, burpees) as well as strength training moves using weights in each workout.
John, one of the personal trainers, is awesome.
He trains a few of my family members, and gives me tips/exercises even when he is just hanging out.
It's a small gym, but that is why i prefer it.
This doesn't happen at other gyms in town.
Also, unlike other gyms the contract process is super easy, and doesn't have hidden fees and so on.
New machines and cardio equipment is a great addition to this location.
There can be wait times to use weights and machines here.
This gym is amazing!
This gym is filled with dedicated and determined endeavors.
He is a great trainer and very personable.
Overall i am happy with pure fitness.
The trainers are a little aggressive, but that's how they make their money.
So i talked to my hubby and we went in search of "the perfect gym".
We shopped gold's gym, lifetime, 24hr fitness, la fitness and fitness works.
For those of you not familiar with body combat, it as a cardio mixed martial arts style class.
A great cardio workout!
Afterwards doug & cindy introduced themselves and explained more about the class and other classes at fitness works.
We look forward to continuing our fitness journey with you!
Love this gym, the trainers are awesome!
They combine strength and resistance training in their bootcamps.
They can adjust any workout or exercise for any fitness level!
They don't have you doing excessive weight you can't handle and will cause you to get hurt!
Staff is always friendly staff (mary, christine, jill, julyen, peggy, know someone's missing), fantastic group fitness classes.
Pick up some weights, damnit.
She trains the other instructors too so the quality of the classes is maintained.
This is an excellent gym that definitely deserves five stars.
Upstairs the lifting atmosphere is amazing: wide variety of equipment free weights and machines all in great condition/well maintained.
Its a 45 minute high circuit training with multiple stations.
Bottom line: i highly recommend this place to woman of all fitness levels.
The trainers and owners are amazing!
That makes the biggest difference here versus going to a normal gym.
This 24 hour fitness gym is not actually open 24 hours or 7 days a week.
And, don't come here if you want to beast mode yourself on a bunch of heavy, heavy free weights.
I'm a fan of this location because it's never crowded like other gyms can be after work during the week.
That is never the case at other gyms i've been to.
Tip: this gym is in an office building with 2 hour validated parking.
The machine and free weights are updstairs.
Trainers - i signed up for training and working with tommy.
His mehtod is to teach you exercises you can do at home or anywhere outside of the gym.
You have an opportunity to do it right by joining this gym.
Ron edwards has been my personal trainer for almost a year now!
The gym is always very clean and the rest of the staff is also great!
Key word folks, changed my life in that gym and will always love it for that
Great place to have fun and lose weight at the same time.
The location is extremely convenient, and the gym, although small, is sufficiently equipped with well-maintained equipment and helpful staff.
It really was an excuse for people to take a nap at the gym, but was extremely relaxing and peaceful.
The only thing i wish they had is more free weights, which is the reason for the four stars.
Looking for a crazy good full body cardio workout that will have you drenched in sweat?
Nice gym, good for taking kids.
Has gym, weights, pool, and sauna plus steam room.
A little off the beaten path but a good gym for a family.
Been going for a month now and losing weight and toning up.
I joined this gym last year with the expectation that it would be a cheap, convenient place to work out.
This is the last place i would expect to find such experienced trainers, but they have them.
I searched and read reviews trying to find a gym that would accept a 12 year old.
So i literally gave up until my neighbor told me about the ufc gym in green valley.
I highly recommend this "family gym" .
One of the best "county" gyms i've been to.
They have pools, indoor track, weights, basketball and state of the art cardio.
They have cardio on m/w/f and resistance on t/th.
I want to start by saying i work at golds gym!
Although i can train for free at my gym.
I choose to train here.
Also if you're looking for a personal trainer send me a message!
This is a terrific gym for non-student adults like me.
I don't understand why anyone would complain over one of the very best gyms in scottsdale.
Great gym and clean.
The first floor has a cafe, supplement and apparel store, cardio machines and a fitness room.
The second floor has free weights, weight machines and stuff for crossfit.
It's pretty dark in the entire gym.
You'll see really buff dudes, tiny older women...i didn't see cardio bunnies.
They offer kickboxing/boxing classes and personal training.
Fun, high intensity, total body workout for all fitness levels
She has more faith in my ability to do certain things/lift certain weights than i have.
I also appreciate the fact that she will do more than just give instructions on certain training moves.
A goos full body workout and great cardio.
This gym is clean, coaches and front desk are awesome!!!!!
There is usually plenty of room on the machines, the ab work section, and free weight section.
24 hour fitness was adequate, but honestly was never that great.
After all, i was paying $35 a month at 24 hour fitness.
I love to watch espn or espn2 while i get some cardio in.
..and i can't really fault the club for this one..but it seems a bit worse at this gym.
And another one.. -why don't people re-rack their weights?
Basic gym etiquette, people.
This is my gym for more than 2 years.
I do insanity workouts and their group fitness room is perfect for what i need.
If you are looking for a gym, definitely check fitworks in parma.
I love how it is a great way to lose weight and relieve stress!
I've been training with camille three days a week over the last 6 months and the results have been amazing.
Thank you camille and underground fitness!
If you're looking for a great personal training gym in the valley then look no further.
I've been working with scott and lj and both are excellent trainers.
After a week trial of a smaller gym, i was turned off by the eeriness.
Only used to my school's gym in seattle, lvac feels like much more at home for my workouts.
To be honest, signing up for a gym was a daunting errand.
Signing up for a gym has never been more enjoyable!
As for the gym itself, i am definitely a fan.
It's an all around cardio and full body work out that is fun and challenging.
It's a combination of a obstacle course and workout/crossfit fitness facility.
The rest of the facility included cryotherapy, rope climbs, free weights, and a plethora of monkey bars.
They offer group classes, personal training, jujitsu and are working on expanding to offer even more types of classes.
It is a kick butt work out but customizable to any level of fitness!
It's also fun to watch the pros train and see them do things that blow your mind.
I moved from 24 hr fitness,dirty locker rooms and work out area.
I love my house fitness!!!
The trainers are excellent and very knowledgeable about exercises that are appropriate for you.
Thank you my house fitness!
I'm a fan of this gym- i normally come on sunday to watch a friend from college play rec basketball.
The second floor is all the cardio, group x rooms, weights, and machines.
Love this gym i feel good every time i come.
I like this gym a lot.
There is child care for children and an outdoor kids pool which makes it a good gym for families.
For my entire life i've been struggling with my weight, trying everything to get in decent shape.
I can't thank chuck, greg and the other traininers enough.
Nick is the only personal trainer i've ever worked with that truly cares about me and my goals.
They have it there.... free gloves, a free water, free training session all when you sign up!
I love this gym.
I am not a gym person but needed to start an exercise routine.
So i tried ufc gym and have never been happier.
I have lost weight and have increased energy.
The hardest part of getting in good shape is getting your butt to the gym.
The village is not a gym, its a health club.
Evan has become a great friend, mycal recently won a fitness competition, grant just had twins.
Its not like going to la fitness.
This is a 24-hour gym.
This gym is top notch.
Moved away from the area and tried other gyms but none come close.
Love me some funk fitness.
The owners are trainers and involved every step of the way.
This is a great boutique - style training gym.
They do one on one training as well as small groups.
The eau claire y is my favorite gym.
Funktional fitness is my favorite place to work out, ever!
I'm ruined for life, no other gym is ever going to compare.
City athletic club has been one of the best gyms i've gone to!!
It gets really busy after 4pm and hard to get a hold of the free weights.
This alone gets me to the gym.
My neighbors all belong to this gym because they know their kids are in good hands.
They also get to go into the gym and go wild throwing balls - they seem to love this part.
Their fitness classes are great and are included in the membership price.
I just joined this gym, and so far i like it.
Usually gyms are filled with them, but this is the least douchey gym i have been to.
(that's at any gym though.)
The two trainers i've had experience with weren't horrible, but definitely could have been much better.
He always makes sure that my time at the gym isn't wasted and is efficiently used.
He has contributed a tremendous amount towards my growth, in the gym-world.
Arlin is the most awesome trainer i habe ever had.
The gym is also amazing.
Lifestyle fitness is a great gym!
I had no idea what to expect from this gym when my wife was asking me to try it out.
My gym mates and instructors are super supportive and now are some of my friends as well.
We have been members of this anytime fitness for 6 years.
Cheaper than a personal trainer but more expensive than just a normal group class.
But i think it's a fair price for forcing me to actual spend an hour straight in a gym.
Great gym, and great staff...
They offer a multitude of cardio and weight machines, plus plenty of free weights...
If you go to the gym 3 times a week this will cost you well you do the math.
There are two fitness studios, a full size gym, and a squash and racquetball/handball court.
Also, they got enough equipment there for all your needs (even lifting weights).
I love this gym!
Im a boxer training to go professional and this is a hardcore no nonsense atmosphere.
The equipment is new and the gym is always very clean.
The gym is small, but not crowded.
Give it a try...it's a great alternative to the traditional gym workout!
I was referred to protogym about 4 months ago and i love it.
Missy which is the gyms manager is a great person and very friendly.
This gym overall is a good value.
This is a great gym if you are on a budget and want to keep your new years resolution.
Lvac always provide a large, clean, and fully equipped gym.
I have been dying to take real boxing classes at a gym and man oh man is this place great.
Len (the owner/trainer)  is great and so are the workouts.
The gym is clean, the employees were super friendly.
I've been to a few gyms around the country (not many but a nice handful) and this place was amazing.
I actually looked forward to going in to this place, unlike my crappy crap gym at home.
But instead, we're overrun with blink's and 24 hour fitness and other non-independently owned gyms.
Students train hard and challenge each other, but in a way that encourages learning and skill development.
Or come drop in for a class--we would love to train with you!
This is my home gym.
I love the energy and best of all,  more fun cardio than walking on treadmill or elliptical.
I've been to several gyms and this one is one of a kind.
I came to underground fitness as a total newbie to weight training.
Now i have been training with camille for four months and i love it!
She has been an amazing trainer and taught me everything i needed to know.
These might not be the most lavish gyms in vegas.
From the first time i walked into underground, i knew that wasn't going to be just some "bs" gym experience...
Josh (owner and coach) is committed to his athletes no matter what their fitness level.
His focus is on form, technique and mobility assuring that you're training optimally.
I'll never go back to a gym or working out alone.
I love this gym.
I go and do my weight resistance training and treadmill and this keeps my heart, mind and body healthy.
Had a great training session with carl!
Was a great person to train with.
This is an awesome gym.
It is very clean and they have plenty of equipment between cardio, weight machines, and free weights.
The fitness room in the back offers privacy if i want to do stretches or jump ropes.
I come her 5/6 days a week with my son and he goes to the "kid gym" he loves it.
I love this gym!
Well, so far i've been a member of this gym for about 2 weeks.
The gym itself is very clean and always organized.
They systems they have implemented are great for signing up for a class and working with a trainer.
I'm not keen on working with a trainer.
All in all, a great gym to be a part of.
Not all head phone jacks work on the cardio machines.
I've been training here for a few months now and like it a lot.
They aren't open 24 hours a day but you won't find me at the gym at 1am anyway!
Once i joined i was scheduled a meeting with a personal trainer.
Pps; there're tons of classes for every level of training absolutely amazing.
That's why snap fitness was perfect.
The cost of membership is higher than the local lvac or even 24-hour fitness.
The gym is never crowded which is a huge plus in my opinion.
I've had several personal training classes there, and they always met my expectations.
I love their fitness classes as well, especially zumba.
Pinnacle has everything i want in a gym.
The gym is very clean and has a nice atmosphere.
I have been training here for several years.
Plenty of cardio, free weight, weight machines, and body weight training equipment to keep my workouts motivating!
Odd that someone would review a gym poorly because they have fox news on.
The change rooms are clean and there is enough equipment in both the free weights, universal machines and cardio.
The price is decent given that you can come to the gym anytime you please (24/7/365).
However; aside from the lack of free weights, the availability of this place makes it worth while.
I initially lost about 5 lbs since joining blur, but i put the weight back on in muscle.
The training is just amazing, the atmosphere crazy, and the trainers so fun !
I've trained other martial arts, but find this to be a real challenge.
The trainers are all awesome!
I love my training studio!
This place is the best, more than a gym, more like a small family or community.
Best gym in vegas!
You aren't locked into a contract like other gyms in vegas.
Best gym i've ever been to, mostly b/c of the staff and friendly members.
This is not at all one of those cliquey gyms.
Amazing gym, been to many different gyms before and the training intensity here is perfect.
I've only taken the boxing classes but they have other classes too like yoga, bjj, personal training and more.
I definitely recommend this gym to anyone who wants to just get in shape or train seriously and compete.
Nick is an excellent, knowledgeable, motivating trainer.
Update: la fitness closed this location on short notice on 01/31/11.
This is now la fitness (all valley pure fitness clubs were bought out recently... 1-2 locations were closed).
La fitness has honored these rates for existing members, but i do not know what new member rates will be.
La fitness has not made any major changes yet (hopefully they will improve things).
The cardio machines need some maintenance... especially the ellipticals; belts need flipping on treadmills.
- if you like to pass the boring time doing cardio by watching tv, good luck.
- as others point, the push/hard sell  for personal training can get obnoxious at times.
Some of the group classes look ok... the quality of the 1-on-1 training really varies.
Overall: this is a good gym if you just want the basics and an inexpensive monthly rate.
I'll try to provide an update if la fitness changes things dramatically...
I just joined this gym last week but am loving it so far.
It's a smaller gym but has all the essential equipment needed.
The only issue for me is the music is a bit loud in the front part of the gym.
Its not like amy other gym the atmosphere is fun and inviting.
The classes at this gym are better than the 24 hr & la fitness's all over vegas and la  area.
The gym gets crowded, but it is big enough to handle the capacity.
After a while i decided to go back to the gym.
I really like la fitness.
The second day of being a member i met a nice personal trainer.
Hands down best group fitness in las vegas.
Membership at north madison anytime fitness has been one of the best investments i've made over the last several years.
Additionally, the staff goes out of their way to know the members and help them meet their fitness goals.
I could not have done that without the support of the anytime fitness crew!
Cons:  the hours of operation are pretty slim for a 24 hour fitness, even if it's in a business plaza.
I have read a lot of negative reviews of extreme fitness.
I have never waited for a cardio machine of any kind.
I have never waited more than a few minutes for a freeweight bench or resistance machine.
This is a premium fitness club with premium facilities, and therefor i think it represents excellent value.
Not only her fitness but her food!
Ultimately i had a great time, lost some weight and pushed myself to perform my workout.
Thank you to all the trainers and staff at "the camp" in surprise.
The trainers have been wonderful, friendly but motivating.
I've been training for 40 years and this is the best ever.
Great trainers and great vibes.
They are willing to help anyone who is coming in and needs to train.
It's basically the same as all other lafitness locations which isn't a bad thing.
Small club, but the gym is great.
The employees are awesome so helpful when you need help with a weight machines.
My oldest daughter who is 13 has trained under them for ten years since she was 3.
Only prob is that the sun shines into the gym a lot, and it can get pretty hot.
[update]  however, i need to discuss some of the cons of this gym.
The gym etiquette among members varies greatly, but be prepared for "gym heroes" and some people who just don't care.
You know, typical gym experience no matter where you go.
I have been going to this gym for 1/2 year now.
(saturday lift class @projectfitnesslv) this beast i'm trying to tame is called the "hand-over-hand harnessed yoke drag."
Project fitness is full of surprises.
Today someone came into the gym and pondered if they should join project fitness.
It's a fairly new gym but they're well-equipped with professional coaches who all have specialties.
I highly recommend his classes no matter what level you are at, he has a program and training for you!
Anyways, on to the gym.
Jake and his trainers are very very good at their work.
Jake's method of high protein weight loss seems too easy but it does work.
The atmosphere is comfortable and unlike most gyms.
Living right around the corner, this was the easiest and closest option for a gym.
It's basically an hour long group workout class where you do hiit (high intensity interval training).
You get time on the rower, the treadmill, and on the weight floor.
I'm not that disciplined if i go to the gym by myself..
I like going to classes, so i don't have to think of what i'm going to do at the gym.
Let's be honest, it is a little bit intimidating to go to the gym sometimes.
The trainers make you feel comfortable and they're very motivating.
I was very nervous when i first started, but len along with the other trainers were so encouraging.
From a fundamentals standpoint, their training is fun, comprehensive, and most of all effective.
I'm very thankful to have found the perfect gym with the best women and trainers!!
The full body workouts each day vary between strength, core and cardio and have proven to give great results!
I have been a part of the underground fitness family for a few years now.
I've joined several gyms throughout the years but i feel like i have finally found the one that will stick.
This is the type of gym that you walk into and all the trainers greet you by name.
I have been working with personal trainer ron edwards for over three years.
It doesn't matter ron can come up with a challenging, safe, and not the typical regime focused on weight machines.
I have trained with terry over the past year or so.
No stranger to gyms - but this place was not what i expected at all.
I tried the gym, dance classes, barre, etc.
And the only gym i know that's contract free.
This is a great little gym tucked away downtown.
Chris is an awesome trainer, and i can see myself improving every single week!
I am not a fitness-oriented person and have never been a fan of classes/yoga/zumba etc...
Jerid is an awesome trainer and i love how he coordinates the sessions.
Great place to get authentic personalized muay thai training....i'm very happy i choose this gym to train.
She's the best personal trainer i worked with !
There is an abundance of cardio machines available and very large free weight area with three power cages!
This is a beautiful new facility with all new gym equipment.
This gym is huge with many choices of workout machines and weight machines with some free weights if you choose.
During the peak of the summer, this gym is always cool inside.
The staff is friendly and keep this gym immaculate.
The manager, britany, has a very well trained and friendly staff.
They have a bank of large tv screens that span the entire gym.
The gym equipment is state of the art with headphone jacks and usb ports for convenience.
I left a much smaller gym 1/5 the size and twice the price to join this facility.
That's one of my gym pet peeves.
I hope they expand so they can have a bigger group fitness area.
Some of the group fitness instructors even memorize your names (i have only taken one so far).
I would recommend this gym to anyone.
Brian thank you for getting me in there and setting me up with john, he's an awesome trainer.
Great gym great equipment the front desk girls (angel and faith) are very welcoming when i came in.
If you're serious about working this is the gym for you!
I have trained many styles of martial arts and i have attended several schools.
When it comes to a gym, for me it comes down to whether i can get a good workout.
Been to bigger and cleaner gyms, but not able to do what i want to do because it's too crowded.
This gym is not the cleanest and not the biggest.
If you go to the gym to people watch, then don't come here.
Now my reason for the 5 stars: - i like a gym like this.
- enough free weights, especially the dumbbells.
How many times have been curling a weight that's too light, but next weight is too heavy.
However, they do have a lot of cardio equipment and an indoor track.
I joined fitness works for location and membership fee.
Bruno is a very knowledgeable trainer.
Better than the $60/month i was paying at my last gym.
Then again, maybe i use the gym a lot differently than these people do.
They also just replaced all of their free-weight plates.
Luckily, the gym is usually pretty dead during the times i use it, so i rarely have that problem.
I love the energy and atmosphere at this gym.
I just joined and i'm very excited in this change in my workout from the usual type of gym.
This is the best boxing gym that i have ever been to.
A family run boxing gym that is truly authentic but not intimidating.
The trainers here will let you workout at your own pace and only push you as much as you want.
I actually look forward to coming in the gym everyday.
Likewise, i believe that gyms should commit to the extreme ends of the spectrum.
Though i've spotted a few tough mma looking girls, this gym is the definitive anti-curves.
Easy access to free weights and machines.
I had been going to la fitness for a couple years.
The trainers are super helpful and keep me motivated.
And all of the group fitness instructors are extremely motivating and really sweet!
The front desk staff, fitness instructors, child center staff, etc.
And i never have to wait for a cardio machine.
Best place by far in las vegas for a local gym.
They are very passionate and great trainers.
The child care (kids gym) is great.
The gym is a great gym, i love the facility.
It's a big gym and has quite the number of equipment.
This is the best gym in the state that i've been to so far.
The owners are great, the community is great, and the trainers really help you with form.
Now to the best trainer there is...camille.
All the trainers here are great but camille is just amazing.
Aside from the great training she's also just a really great person.
If you are looking for a gym that cares about their clients underground is for you.
There are 2 sides to the gym- one where the obstacle course is, and one where it's all gym stuff.
Both pinnacle locations are well maintained, clean, and have plenty of cardio and weight equipment to meet my needs.
I instantly felt comfortable there which i feel like not many people can say about gyms.
The trainers have been very encouraging each time i'm in there and the workouts are incredible.
It has completely taken my fitness to the next level and it's safe to say that i'm addicted.
I don't know any group fitness class, instructor, or gym that would do something like that!
The trainers make classes so fun!
The trainers really know what they're doing and the owner, caleb, is walking around pushing everyone.
The trainers are all so friendly, helpful, understanding, and most importantly, motivating!
I've been doing the cardio kickboxing and crossfit classes and i love them both!
I even went as far as to taking the 6pm cardio kickboxing and then jumped straight into the 7pm crossfit.
I have to say i don't think this gym is for everyone.
I used to come here when it was 24 hour fitness and a lot brighter.
I'm not sure what it is like in the evenings but i love this gym at 5-7am.
The group fitness classroom needs some updating and is small.
There is also the trainer who stretches people out on a massage table and people are twisted like a pretzel.
I may consider this gym if i lived closer.
It's a very clean gym.
Went there the day after the npc usas - this  a true bodybuilding friendly gym.
Women can train here and feel empowered without being gawked at or objectified.
Cool place to train.
This is such an great gym-- they offer a variety of really great workout advantages!
This gym is honestly the best- and i highly recommend to all.
The beginner's program (training camp) is very cost efficient and effective.
It is cheaper than most of the other gyms around.
I would leave my windows down while i was at the gym and feel comfortable doing so.
The only solution that i thought of was to park on the viaduct and walk to the gym.
All in all, ctown is a great gym.
I tell all my friends to go here or to my new gym, because they are the best.
Came to the gym for a guest pass and met one of the owners.
Took time to get to know what i wanted from the gym and was happy to hear my opinions.
The gym is great, clean, open, and has all of the necessary equipment.
Really like coming to this gym.
Let me say, i am not at all a gym rat.
I go to the gym maybe once a week.
I try to do cardio and a classes all at once if i could.
This gym is awesome.
Great small, fast, energetic classes and trainers.
This is a great gym.
I was afraid for her safety, and the poor people who will help her in the gym.
Before i forget, the people that runs this gym are extremely educated, which comes out when one converses with them.
The gym is always clean, has plenty of cardio and tons of weight machines to choose from.
Eddie the owner is great, really cares about his gym,  super nice guy and he knows all his members.
I drive 8 miles from tempe just to go to this gym...
Compared to all group fitness classes spin, bootcamp, otf, crossfit this one is a step above.
For a small gym it is never too crowded!
Nobody really hogs the machine and the weights are always placed back nicely.
All ages...all levels of fitness...it doesn't matter.
When we entered the gym we had to wait awhile before anyone helped us.
The gym appears to be decently clean and kept up.
Not all gym members follow basic etiquette of wiping down machines when they're done.
I really like the trainers here and the workout but there are a few negatives: 1.
Now the pa system is broken and you can't hear the trainer.
The one trainer reminds me of chalene johnson who i love!!!
Adriano and team are the best personal trainers in yorkville.
The gym is amazing and in a great location.
La fitness bought the pure fitness clubs in the valley, and they decided to close some locations, including this one.
This packers fan loves the personalized training!
I have never been happier with a gym!
Because it is a 24 hour gym, people come and go as they please and it is never crowded.
Another plus is that you can access any of the other anytime fitness clubs in other areas/states.
You will sign a contract at anytime fitness, but the commitment and the price are more than worth it.
Don't get lured in by the $10/ a month gyms down the street...you will get what you pay for.
I highly recommend this gym :)
One of the best gym out there.
He is very in tune with the gym.
I only have been going to the fitness institute for a couple of weeks now.
The trainer, sherman is awesome and is very knowledgeable.
If you're looking for getting into crossfit or just a fitness plan in general, look no further.
- dedicated trainers/owners the owners are the trainers.
They're also the best athletes in the gym, which really goes to prove that their programming is effective and efficient.
Both the community and the trainers here are supportive of everyone and very fun to be around.
The trainers and owner are genuine and very helpful.
A personal challenge every time out, crossfit will help you to achieve total fitness on all levels.
We have been sending our kids to gymfinity for years now, and couldn't be more pleased.
After graduating college and becoming an "adult" in the workforce, working out and fitness got placed on the back burner.
A little pricey compared to other gyms but worth it.
I'm not the normal gym type gal and was worried about making it threw my first session without dying.
This is the first gym that i've really felt comfortable in.
The trainers are well educated, welcoming, and efficient.
La fitness greeted me with open arms and open minds.
Tasha and carlin are freaking amazing trainers.
I researched a lot of gyms in vegas, and drove by lvf, golds, 24 hour.
Those gyms were packed 24/7.
Its like a locals gym.
La fitness rotates its team, but current one is the best in keeping up the facilities and serve customer.
The only thing better than this gym are the people working there.
If you're looking, i highly recommend this gym.
I don't think i'll ever go back to a regular gym after coming here!
So far this gym as treated me really well, but i havent tried to cancel .
Its like having my whole home gym.
Best la fitness i have been to in the east valley.
Tony and april are receptive to gym members input and encouraging of each persons personal goals.
I highly recommend this gym, whether you are an experienced crossfitter or new to working out.
I've been to the classes and i've had private training from royce (i miss those days!)
I've been to a couple local crossfit gyms and this has the best staff of trainers i've seen.
So yeah, gabi k was sweet enough to invite workoutaholic me to her gym while i was in town.
But only the instructors at scottsdale gyms tell you about their implants right off the bat!
City athletic club is the best gym in the las vegas valley.
Much to my delight, they also have a totally stocked gym with great equipment and a nice indoor pool.
I began my spa experience after my workout at the hotel gym.
It's not your typical gym.
This is an excellent gym for kids courses.
The trainer is great with kids and the assistants very helpful.
I joined ufc gym last month and i have been working with one of their trainers, charlie.
This gym has everything to get a good workout in.
Since training with charlie i have come down 9 pounds and i feel stronger and healthier!
Ufc gym is a great place if you want to get in the best shape of your life!
4 star rating due to cost of personal training(65-85$).
I have a friend that trains there and said price depends on who you talk to.
The trainer vickie deserves 5stars.
Again if it wasn't for cost and distance to gym i would totally be there.
The gym itself is really small.
Pro edge is the best boxing gym in the valley.
The trainers have years of experience.
It is not a gym it is family!
The gym is real clean and open, bathrooms and kept clean too which is always a good feeling.
Nick does a good job keeping the gym up to par and above standards.
Oscar is friendly and does a good job running the gym.
Highly recommend over other gyms
I love this gym!
Not a bad gym.
And, let's be realistic, this is 24hour, not some small gym or super expensive one that cares about service.
The gym works for us and i don't have to take up garage space for equipment anymore.
Here's why:  it's a legit boxing gym.
I suggest the personal training or buddy training.
The box fit class incorporates cardio and boxing technique, giving such a good workout.
I wake up excited to go to the gym every morning.... at 6 am!
I love this gym and don't anticipate leaving anytime soon.
As far as results are concerned, i have lost plenty of weight, and gained confidence and strength.
I have nothing but praises for this gym!
Has all the cardio equipment you could need and want.
If your looking for a gym without the crowd, this is it.
But, i think snap fitness is quite a bit cheaper.
I really like this gym.
My buddy and i were going to edge fitness across the street before and snap is so much better!
We were looking for a gym that is clean, not overcrowded, and that has enough variety in equipment.
The gym smells good.
They have some cool equipment like the jacob's ladder, a ladder-climbing cardio machine.
However, it doesn't have the classes, pools, or other frilly amenities that lvac or 24 hour fitness.
I recently joined snap fitness with a friend/coworker of mine.
Snap is not considered a competitor of the usual suspects like 24 hour, golds gym, or lvac.
Other gyms would not allow this as they're normally too crowded.
This a great gym.
Just remember that this is not a big-box gym - just a small neighborhood gym with all the basic equipment.
So you work out at the gym 3x a week.
I am so happy i found his gym!
Wish all gyms were like this!
I have worked out in many, many gyms in my day!
I am very happy to say that i continued training.
First level has majority of machines, weights, benches, bars and treadmills.
They have a no drop rule for when people drop heavy weights which can be so so i guess.
Just don't be that person with a huge ego in the gym.
There are pictures of people not putting back weights, which happen all the time and sucks for obvious reason!
I like this gym but again haven't seen it at peak hours so can't tell how packed it'll be.
Complete different vibe from all your other "known" gyms nationwide and very unique state of the art equipment.
Great gym with a great staff.
The gym isn't a chain so you'll see the owner there everyday which is nice.
And it doesn't get packed like most of the bigger gyms
All the trainers are extremely helpful and encouraging!
Venice fitness (scarborough) is honestly the best gym i decided to join.
I went with my dad and it was pretty much when the gym was starting up!
Chris anastasopoulos - membership consultant, hanif sheikh - fitness consultant, and jevon the muscle endurance class instructor!
Excellent service, and great gym!
Cac has great gym equipment but some cardio machines need repair or replacement.
Protogym is by far my favorite gym ever.
He is extremely knowledgeable about fitness and working out.
Even by other people working out at the gym, you can tell everyone is here to reach their fitness goals.
Jake is one of the trainers that works at protogym and he is awesome as well.
I had a session with jake and he was again very knowledgeable about fitness, eating, and being health conscious.
He actually taught me a lot in the 2 hours he trained with me.
I just have nothing bad to say about this gym.
I love this gym.
If you're looking for a new gym.
Protogym is your jam.
Your hard core gym is entertaining and getting the job done.
Gym is on the smaller side, but it has all the equipment you need and membership costs are low.
The real reason i give this gym 5 stars is because cancelling your gym membership is a breeze.
Everyone cancels and with most gyms, it's a complete pain in the ass.
Just signed up here, so this review is based on just a few weeks of gym use.
Snap fitness in fountain hills is a great gym.
I have been working with antoine and bradley k. they both are very dedicated trainers and very patient as well.
Amazing personal training, nutritional advice, and motivation!!
Best fitness place in the east valley.
If you play golf, tennis or just like to go to the gym, consider arrowhead county club.
Summarized review for those on a time crunch: *great staff running the gym, attentive to all questions.
La fitness, gold's, 24 hour fitness).
I'll never be one to knock the traditional gym atmosphere but cactus crossfit is my new home away from home.
Price: comparable to other crossfit gyms and what you get (i.e.
For those that have paid for personal trainers gyms i'm not sure how the price could be too much.
You won't find another crossfit with more talented, knowledgeable and passionate trainers.
This gym is great and was always accommodating to my schedule.
The trainers there always pushed me to give everything i had.
But trainer len was very patient with me.
There are two main trainers who are both awesome.
Even though the gym is in scottsdale, the girls are not overly scottsdale-ish (which i appreciate).
You will need to take a shower afterward and there are not showers at the gym, so plan accordingly.
I was going in consistently just to do cardio.
He talked me into signing up with a trainer and it has worked out tremendously!
My trainer liz is awesome!!
If you want results go see reyes and liz at eos fitness avondale.
This is a great gym.
I go to this gym every single day and have never seen any sort of hair anywhere.
I never get tired of the classes and each class is very different and utilizes different props (weights, kettlebells, etc.)
Other regular boxing gyms focus more on working out than technique, and karate is too slow paced.
Today i participated in my wife's training session with jess and she really made me feel the burn.
Raw fitness is amazing.
It's fun and while i was once a "gym rat"...
I am now a "ilkb rat" and going to the gym now is so boring.
Friendly staff with several trainers.
Best gym in vegas!
You can always use the gym 24hrs a day which is a plus.
The owner/coach kanoa has the best programming and individually tailors the workouts to make them appropriate for your fitness level.
I was bored at the gym and coasting in the classes.
The staff at ilk were so welcoming and attentive to my personal fitness needs.
I'm proud to be a member of this gym.
Underground is a completly different experience than most gym and personal training experiences.
Whether your looking to lose a ton of weight, stay on track, or perfect your beach body they can help.
This is definitely a refreshing change from your big box gyms that im glad i made.
My husband and i used funktional fitness.
She is a really talented trainer.
My husband has lost about a 135lbs working with the trainers there.
He really enjoys working with joseph adams, who he says is one the best trainers.
What a great community of friendly individuals who are pushing themselves each day to improve their overall physical fitness.
The gym is easy to access and has plenty of space.
24hours, turf training area, free weights, cardio, even a movie theater and sauna.
Planet fitness is the best gym i've been to.
Also the patrons of planet fitness just seem low key.
It's a clean, upscale gym with group classes included in your monthly membership.
It's been five months now since i started coming to this gym.
Members are courteous to each other and share machines and weights openly and politely.
I do wish people would not slam their weights, especially in the machines.
This gym has a lot of positives and a few drawbacks.
I'm giving it five stars because every gym can't accommodate every person and this gym does a great job.
Pros 1 gym is very nice and clean.
However most serious lifters wouldn't want to... plus there is insufficient weights for strong lifters.
Honestly i have belonged to lifting gyms and they generally desire an atmosphere where they can yell a bit...
Highly skilled trainers and being a part of group fitness is so motivating.
The nicest gym i've ever joined for the price.
I've been a member of multiple bally's, gold's, and a few university fitness centers.
I've done trials at multiple 24 hour fitness centers, too.
So i have some experience with gyms.
I wish i had a gym like this out here in ohio.
There were plenty of free weights and machines if needed, and the classes were awesome!
One thing most gyms lack is a variety of evening classes, and they had them.
And since i am a dog paddle swimmer, i really appreciate the water fitness classes.
There's also a women's gym as well as a mixed gym.
Paul and the staff seem to be really self-motivated and that spirit fills the gym.
Well, i should start by saying that i'm super depressed to be leaving this gym.
It literally has everything anyone could possibly need to maximize and meet their fitness goals.
This gym puts other "wallet friendly" gyms to shame such as 24h fitness or planet fitness.
He is the most skilled and knowledgeable personal trainer i have met.
This gym is amazing !!
April williams is an amazing personally trainer i always feel she caters the workout just for me :)!!
We used 3 pound weights and i could feel the burn the whole class.
I pretty much worked out for show, only doing it when the trainer was looking my way.
I will say this, if you are into conventional fitness, dcc is a top choice, the best one in fact.
Yesterday i met trainer james motte as i was walking out of my l.a.
Fitness on n. scottsdale road.
My wife and i love funktional fitness!
Their training involves relatively simple exercises that require very little in specialized (expensive) equipment.
Underground fitness is tailored to your goals and skill level.
They have stretch/flexibility trainer and cardio/weight trainers.
He immediately asked me if i'd ever tried f45 training before and what my goals.
Hands down best group fitness in phoenix.
It's cardio and weight training combined and it's never the same!
Zumba fitness has changed my life.
The arc blows away any other gym chain by far.
So i finally joined the gym today and all i can say is 'wow".
Small, packed full of weights, great equipment and cool members.
The trainers are incredibly personable.
I had a friend recommend underground fitness to me and now it's my turn.
Great workouts with an awesome staff at an affordable price makes underground fitness easy to recommend.
The trainers at underground fitness are the best in the business.
I have joined many gyms over the years but nothing compares to the experience i receive at underground fitness.
I first started training with jake freeman about 2.5 years ago.
I wanted to lose weight and get into shape.
I would highly recommend underground fitness to anyone who is looking for a unique customized personal training experience.
The trainers are unparalleled in their art and will provide you a dedicated one on one experience.
Oh and the gym is clean!
Best crossfit gym in chandler!
The members that make up the community at infernal, are what sets them apart from all other gyms.
This gym is for ladies only, so it is a true work out place.
My favourite is the iron reps, but other ones available as well from step to dance fitness.
There are also yoga classes and private trainers.
I come here for boxing classes and the trainers really know what they are talking about.
Just started going to this gym.
Seems to have everything you need in a gym.
I'd recommend this gym.
I have been going to this gym for about 7 months, first when it was dethrone and now lyfe gym.
Throughout my life i have always dreaded going to the gym, had trouble getting motivated, you name it.
This gym is a godsend.
The classes are actually fun, the gym is super clean and the staff/trainers are excellent!
I have only belonged to three gyms in my life, but this one is hands-down the best.
The second gym i belonged to had insane turnover with the staff, which is always a sign of poor culture.
Like other gyms, no one judges you here, it's very welcoming and the staff makes sure you are comfortable.
An awesome playground to really evaluate your fitness in a fun way!
4-5 days a week i drive 30 min across town just to go to gym.
The gym is small, but vary well kept clean n maintained.
Besides who need a big known gym, that no one knows that there doing.
Welp, one week in and i have found my new gym!
Imagine you were the owner and wanted to creat the perfect small gym.
I enjoy this gym.
It's very affordable compared to the other gyms downtown, at only $67 per month.
That's a steal as most gym are over $100/month in the area.
Definitely worth giving this gym a look at!
Best gym in vegas hands down.
A small grip with the tv's on the cardio equipment is the channel selection.
This is a good gym.
Seems like there's a lot of classes, and people seem to like them, although i stick mostly to the weights.
Been going  to gyms regularly for 10 years.
Biggest gym turn off is corporate gyms that are just trying to force you into contracts or buy sessions.
What it's not, is a spa gym /health club.
This gym is the best!
Very clean and knowledgeable trainers!
I have a fitness trainer kristen cole-she is amazing and always challenges me and really knows what she is doing!!
Ed and his trainers are amazing!!
It's pricey but compared to the other gyms on the east side.
So you better have someone to go with or ask around the gym to catch you.
That's why i am giving this gym 4 stars rating.
I am going to check this gym out as soon as possible.
This gym is kind of like my diamond in the rough.
Since moving to waunakee, i've been intrigued by the "small town" vibe and this gym just augments that.
It's never busy (i'm comparing to la and madison gyms) and there's always a ton of room when i go.
Kardio karve is a mix of primal & cardio dance (every instructor brings their own style...try them all!)
Also, they don't employ a high pressure approach towards membership or personal training.
The place is fairly clean at all times, and i've never really had to 'weight' on any machines.
Lol yea i'm a gym nerd.
Suitable weights & cardio equipment.
Nice training staff and a bunch of classes if that's your thing.
I started training here with chris about 2 months ago and couldn't be happier.
I recently turned 58 and couldn't get myself to the gym on my own.
I met with ron initially who evaluated me and chose chris as my trainer.
My 17 year old son who's planning on playing baseball in college next year is now training here as well.
Anyway, i can't say enough good things about this gym.
Other than that its nice gym .
In love with orangetheory fitness!
It's an interval based training with cardio + strength circuits.
At the beginning of each class, you'll review the day's workout and start with either cardio or strength.
But for a gym that extends two floors below ground,  they should really offer wifi.
This is my home gym.
I don't find the trainers pushy like other goodlife facilities i've been to.
I do feel the membership fee is high but is competitive to other canadian gyms.
I recommend it for anyone at any fitness level.
The trainer,  roman, was fantastic.
Their trainers are very friendly and eager to assist.
The staff and manager there are very knowledgeable, their fitness evaluations of us opened up our eyes!
The trainers are fun, nice and superduper (yes, i just said that) motivational.
While out there, i not only lost a significant amount of weight, but i made a journey of self-discovery.
My weight loss had slowed down and i didn't know where i had gone wrong.
They said he had developed a fitness system, ampd fitcamp, like no other.
I packed up and shipped off to vegas to train for my finale.
The one on one session private training really also helped me bring everything together and focus.
For 50.59% of my body weight!
I became the at-home champion and actually lost more weight than any other competitor that season!
It's a gym that has all you need, pretty much sums it up.
It gets the job done for a gym.
The workouts combine circuit training and boxing and a little bit of everything.
I came as a guest to this location for a group fitness class and it was so much fun!
They have a variety of group  fitness classes which i love!
If you like group exercises and trainers that tell you what needs to be done you need to sign up!
Body positive, fitness positive.
I've been going to funktional fitness for 8 months now.
All trainers, coaches, and first impressions staff are so nice and welcoming, which i so appreciate.
Drew has built a fitness facility that covers all the critical areas of fitness & a healthy lifestyle.
Boot camp, crossfit, strength, project fitness has the best facility in town.
I signed up with josh so lose weight and tighten and tone my body.
Todd is the best personal trainer ever !
I am a senior citizen that just started to train here .
Madison's hardest working gym.
With the closing of the cemetery circa 1992, ford's - formally muscles & fitness remains madison's only real gym.
This is a place where legends train and are made.
One of the cleanest, well run, and easiest to access gyms in all of north scottsdale.
Great gym, great owner.
Beautiful, clean, fully loaded gym with plenty of equipment and weights.
Staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially joey who greeted me and gave me a great overview of the gym
This is a local chain of gym specific to las vegas.
They offer all the basic amenities you would expect a gym to have.
They have a running track, free weights, swimming pools, cardio rooms, classes, and racquetball courts.
It is a bout $350 a year extra and for a regular gym-goer, it is a necessity.
I now feel that my gym is my home away from home.
I continue to be impressed with my progress with my trainer ron edwards at underground fitness.
Beyond impressed with refined personal training!
Not only that, i felt confident and challenged while training with jeannette.
That's important, because most gyms or trainers may challenge you but you miss out on genuine encouragement and vise versa.
I had tried group fitness at boutique studios (barre, yoga) in the past, but never got hooked.
The pilates classes are small (10 reformers), so you get individualized attention from the trainers.
The trainers know each client by name.
The music is awesome and the trainers are motivating.
So, if you want an intense, but low-impact cardio workout, then you must try reformed!
Welcome back to yelpdom; i had to express my feelings about the gyms!
Best gyms in phoenix guaranteed.
Great big gym with lots of room, friendly atmosphere, and enthusiastic coaches!
Great gym with some great equipment and a lot of room so it doesn't feel cramped.
The membership price is very reasonable and makes pure fitness one of the best deals in the valley.
For the time i was here i really enjoyed being able to workout and enjoy the offerings this gym has!
My biggest compliment is the fact that this gym is always clean.
All of which i've always encountered at every gym ever.
We were a group of five and our trainer was not only funny but really engaging.
Note: this is a true to form boxing gym, hard and gritty so to speak....don't expect fancy.
Enter this amazing gym and be greeted by a big smile and hello from marta at the front desk.
I love this gym.
This is a great gym.
And unlike a lot of other gyms, there's the opportunity to spar with another member.
Hands down the best gym i've ever been to.
Protogym has the nicest,most helpful staff i've ever met at a gym (or any place, for that matter).
The setup is similar to a crossfit gym with the addition of dumbbells and cardio equipment.
I'd recommend this gym to anyone looking for a great workout in a very positive environment.
This is probably one of the cleanest and nicest gym i've ever been to.
I joined eos and fitness for $10 in the past, but this gym beats them both by a long shot.
I love the gym atmosphere here because their equipment is cleaner and newer, plus the  members are respectful.
I didn't know about snap fitness until i started working here, but irregardless, i probably would've still joined this club.
Absolutely love this gym!!
The energy and passion that they have at this place and its trainers is 2nd to none!
Jerid is the best trainer in my opinion for sure!
I had just moved back to cleveland and was trying to decided what gym i wanted to go to.
When j went for a free class to check it out i was warmly welcomed by both trainers and members.
So far we have run the treadmills and taken a not-so-easy cardio weightlifting class.
I've only been to climbing gyms in the dc metro area, and man, is this place different!
Unheard of at gyms i've gone to!
Spinning theater is the neatest feature of this gym.
I work in az frequently and did not want to lose my fitness momentum.
I did a trial membership and everyone was really nice to me, and the gym was great.
I really love the variety of machines and weights that eos offers, and it wasn't crowded when i went either.
After my tour, the trainer set me up with a personal session.
They are top notch in personalized training.
Jeannette will listen to your needs and match you with a trainer that is a perfect match.
This gym is always clean and staff is always friendly.
This gym is the best i have been to.
I signed up for personal training session, which i was very hesitant about because of previous bad experiences.
My trainer is merlinda and she is amazing.
Can't disagree with the other reviewers; this gym and it's trainers are great.
My trainer, joey, has been great, designing workouts that didn't scare me off and kept me coming back.
I started going to pro edge boxing about five months ago to get lose some weight.
I wanted a different and challenging workout opposed to doing cardio by myself at a typical gym.
Chris and his dad are both helpful and motivating trainers.
Not only have i lost weight, but i am much stronger!
I do the personal training twice a week, but the classes are also very effective.
Although i haven't done any classes or visited during "peak" after work hours, from my limited experience i'd recommend cardio-go.
So it's not just your average boring training session.
This kickboxing gym is a lot of fun and has great, high energy.
What's great about this gym is that it really works for all levels of fitness.
Venice is a very large and spacious gym.
They have more than enough strength training machines, a mix of both old and newer machines.
There are about 10 more cross training machines on the other end of the gym.
I'm used to a very competitive "who can do more" gym mentality, so this was a nice change of pace.
I know i've said this about other gyms, but i really wish this one was closer to my house.
Despite the distance, i will definitely come back to workout at this gym.
Not the gyms fault, but definitely not my preferred gym in the area for that reason.
Weights not re-racked and dumbbells consistently out of place.
And a good place to achieve your fitness goals.
I am a new member to la fitness.
I enjoy the pool and if your looking for a personal trainer james is great to work with.
I love this gym!
I was expecting 5 star reviews given the gym experience i've had.
I was not a diehard gym goer, but the jcc has really turned me into one.
This is a great gym where people go to work hard and get results.
I do the unlimited membership with training classes and diet plan.
The cardio section is great...tons of machines all the basics and some i have never even heard of.
4. their 31.00 dollar package is great and totally worth it being that the gym is so nice.
6 many trainers available.
Awesome trainer/owner that ensures that you are doing the exercises correct.
Adjustable depth training pool 2.
The gym has been recently remodeled and is fantastic.
I come to this gym five or six times a week and love it.
Overall, i think this is a solid gym as i come back day after day.
There is a variety of cardio equipment (including an erg, aka, rowing machine!!
Does not even smell like a gym!
The gym is clean the students and instructors are really nice, and the instruction is top notch.
I've been to otf studios all over the country and the gilbert-east gym is the best!
Badger fitness is awesome.
Its nice to have free weights away from the machines.
Its a good size gym with plenty of space but not enough equipment.
I highly recommend anyone looking for a new gym to stop by city athletic club and check it out.
The gym is clean, equipment is well maintained and the staff is always professional and friendly.
I love the atmosphere and look forward to training here every day!
Anyway, i love the trx training, i really get a good core workout from that.
All the trainers are awesome and friendly.
I was in vegas for work and decided to try dropping into a different crossfit gym.
The gym has plenty of parking, i paid for my drop-in online and was super easy.
I usually hated going to the gym, but anytime fitness is very relaxed and the owners are so nice!
I can't imagine going back to any other gym.
Nice clean facility,great cafe and shop  we will be back here for our gym needs while in  town.
I've been to many trainers and adriano is the most knowledgeable by far.
I love the results that i get at kx both from the training and the nutritional counseling.
It is what the name suggests - snap fitness, perfect for a quick workout.
Small cosy gym where you can drop in any time for a workout.
They also have personal trainers if you are into that.
The trainers really get to know each individual and adjusts to their needs.
David measured my initial level of fitness and got to work.
Within a year, my weight, body fat and cholesterol levels have decreased substantially and i feel good and strong.
They offer personal training, boxing, yoga, trx, weight loss, and boot camp classes.
The gym is very open and the public walking by can see everything that is going on inside.
The employees were friendly and our trainer teaching the trx class was welcoming and made us all feel comfortable.
Let's start by saying there is the gym in which i work out.
It has very big facility's including pools, basketball courts, gym, climbing wall, spinning and more!
The personal trainers are great and if you have some money to spare they will give you great personal classes.
The app allows you to order food so it's ready when you finish training!
This year they added a whole new section of the gym- and even a yoga studio!
Started at a different gym and moved over to c-town about 6 months after starting crossfit.
Great place, i'm updating the review i wrote on this gym awhile ago!
It's the best gym i have worked out in.
It may not be a shiny, glitzing place, but it has all the machines, and free weights you need.
This allows members to work out on free weights and do some "namastes" at the same time!
Every class i have taken at system fitness has been taught by a qualified friendly instructor and has been good.
System fitness high park is a good all round gym with friendly staff.
It's a smaller gym, but it doesn't ever feel cramped or congested.
I hate dingy, dirty gyms where you're afraid to touch equipment because of how gross it is.
Anytime fitness richland also has a really awesome personal training program with trainers there almost every hour of the day.
I was fortunate enough to train and had amazing results!
The place has ample parking, unlike most of the gyms in town.
A designated cardio area downstairs leaves plenty of room for the free weights upstairs.
The gym is so unique as well.
Either way the gym experience was amazing.
I joined raw fitness in the pursuit of losing weight and becoming a healthier fitter person.
What owner or ceo of 5 gyms does that?!!!
There's only one reason anyone should be going to the gym for and that's to work out.
Our daughter has been attending classes at gymfinity for almost a year now.
We moved from another gym (out of state) and feel that the teachers at gymfinity are awesome in comparison!
Every teacher she has had really wants to be there and loves gymnastics and working with kids.
Modifications are given for ladies of all fitness levels.
Summer and aly are not only great trainers but amazingly caring and considerate human beings.
It isn't a gym.
Oh 24 hour fitness on rainbow and cheyenne how can i express how wonderfully you are?
I can visit, get my fitness fix and be on my merry way.
Weights may be in disarray but there is plenty to be found here or there.
No pool or basketball court for me to enjoy but plenty of free weights to be employed.
The trainers are wonderful.
=p  you want trainers who really know their stuff, yet are without the ego?
A gym with great atmosphere and lots of resources?
For them, the gym is a chore and can sometimes produce its own anxiety, for some.
It felt healthier than any gym i had ever been too.
Word out to the trainers i have worked most with; bobbi,  krista, billy.
And can never, ever go back to a regular gym.
It isn't just that they have have the latest trends in fitness (aerial yoga seriously!)
When my husband suggested we sign up and start going to our local gym regularly, i wasn't too enthused.
I have never been a huge fan of gyms; they're typically overcrowded, dingy, or trying to hard to be trendy.
Recently, i decided to train to run a 5k (i have never been a runner!)
And signed up for personal training sessions.
I really love this gym!
I love my pure fitness club on shea .. great atmospher...very friendly staff.
Trainers are awesome, not kidding.
I had my personal training with leighton..he is great!!!!
I have been going here for almost a year now and all i can says is this gym is great.
Sure it is no life time fitness but it feels like more of a gym.
A gym to me is somewhere you are in for an hour or two get in a workout and leave.
It is a smaller more local type gym, but to me that is how it should be.
The gym itself is great.
This is not a fighters gym it is designed to get in shape by using mixed martial arts for fitness.
I have referred clients as well as trained here.
Working out has been pretty easy at this anytime fitness location.
I do tend to come at prime time (5pm) and the cardio machines can fill up.
(i thought all the new years resolution people had given up on the gym by now?!
The gym is clean and the staff is friendly but not pushy (which i appreciate).
I have been coming for about 2 months now and i love this gym!
The trainers are very helpful and encouraging and the workout is exciting and addicting.
I love this gym.
This is the home gym.
So here we go... a lot of gyms at ehe same.
Basic equipment, some type of contract, pushy personal trainers, etc... not this one.
Plus, the have all the basic stuff like most gyms do but the price is totally affordable.
No compliant from me, which is hard to do, so hats off to eos fitness.
Definitely recommend this gym and should you have any issue (which i don't see happening) just go see the management.
I decided to build my own home gym otherwise i'd definitely be signing up with cac.
Not only that, you get a free personal training session every month.
From the upscale gym type memberships to the random fitness class thing...i've  done it.
There is a weight room beneath the cardio room and everyone is friendly and helpful.
A pool schedule and fitness class schedule are posted and available to take with you.
I really like the planet fitness franchise.
This gym just opened in april 2018.
The staff is friendly and so are the other gym peeps.
I have been coming to this location since it was 24 hour fitness.
I have watched 24 hour fitness diminish and the building lay vacant for a long period of time.
Cac has just about every aspect or style of fitness anybody could want in one spot, which makes it unique.
With that, you also have the ability to train mma the same day.
Gym offers pretty much all you would ever need workout wise.
It can probably use a bigger selection of cardio machines, but it has the basics.
Newer quality weights and benches as well.
(both free and paid ones)  the gym is not perfect though and it's got some considerable flaws.
Most noticeably is that lots of the cardio equipment does not work properly.
Parking is also an issue, so the gym would do well to invest in a parking lot for gym members.
Very nice gym club
The staff at front desk was very friendly and the trainers very helpfully.
*a cinema room where you can do cardio in private *plenty of free weights.
Definitely a five star fitness center.
Other personal trainers charge more for less.
Nice small gym that isn't full of meatheads.
I took a bodypump class and used a variety of the cardiac and weight equipment.
I have been going to fitness works this september for 9 years.
Great gym at a great price.
I love this gym, and the kids club is a great added bonus!
What a special surprise this gym is!
Edwin, the training manager was awesome!!!!
Love the training here!
It is one of the more spacious anytime fitness gyms in the area.
I don't workout during peak hours, but i'd imagine at any gym it's going to packed from around 4pm-8pm.
Other than that, i think the gym is great.
At ilovekickboxing.com you don't join a gym, you join a family.
I have been at this gym for just about a year and i love it.
Just had a fitness training session with brandon.
Very conscientious, scientific approach to the art and science of fitness.
I have to say; this is my favorite gym and the best one i have ever been to.
There are so many different pieces of equipment and ways to train.
I wish we had a gym like this in nyc!!!!!!
The only gym i even like in the tri-state area is bodyworx in paterson.
The owner and head coach, arvin and nikole (among others) have extensive education in fitness, nutrition and obviously crossfit.
Crossfit is the only way to train...and everyone can do it!
The atmosphere of the gym helps and everyone works hard.
This gym is awesome!
Ron, jake and jenni are all really great trainers.
Each of them has a personal style with training and really put you through a great workout.
The gym has everything that you need to get a solid workout.
Underground fitness also has multiple locations around the valley which is perfect for finding the gym closest to you.
I really suggest trying this gym out, you really wont be disappointed!
The gym was well equipped and had a pool and a few other aerobic rooms.
Everyone needs to check this crossfit gym out.
I'm getting training from the owner darryl on all the proper techniques and he really pushes me.
His las vegas gym recently opened up and the facility is excellent.
Yes, i'm still talking about an a gym.
65 minutes of cardio later...i found myself in one of the cleanest locker rooms i have ever been in.
This is the cleanest gym i have ever been a member of.
Can't wait to reach my goals at this amazing gym !!
I like this club, never have to wait for cardio or most machines and benches.
Most of the patrons have decent gym etiquette although sometimes old men in the locker room can be gross.
Not overly impressed with the trainers just by observation, seem to walk around with clipboards a lot.
Restrooms kept clean and overall gym floor in good shape.
Don't expect valet parking but its a very nice gym for scottsdale.
Since that has changed and since i'm here all the time, i figured i would show the gym some love.
I always feel relaxed when i walk into this gym.
Another key point is that this isn't a musclehead gym.
If you're looking for free weights, there are two sections in this gym, which is convenient.
If you don't live in the area, i recommend joining an anytime fitness near you.
Best gym in the united states hands down.
The owner jea is the example to all gym owners private or corporate how to do things
That's filled with a bunch of cardio equipment.
It doesn't get much transparent and clear cut then this, love this gym!
I have been at this gym for over ten years.
It has great machines and tons of free weights real friendly front desk
This is a no frills gym, but for me that's  a positive.
I found mainstream gyms like goodlife to be huge letdowns: overpriced, way too busy, and with a weird cult vibe.
I go to the gym to lift things up and put them down.
This should be expected and is pretty much par for the course at gyms.
Kimberly & andrew put the "personal" in personal training.
They will set you up with the training and meal schedule.
Just have to say i love this gym.
They have several gymnastic type fixtures and obstacles such as un-even bars, parallel bars, and balance beam.
With the membership come exclusive open gym and events throughout the month.
If you're looking for something for your kids to participate in and be active, i highly recommend the little gym!
Certainly not like any gym spin class - have done many over the years and they don't even compare.
I dont know why this gym has only 2 stars.
This gym is way better than the one in sahara and nellis.
It's not overcrowded like a lot of the other gyms you may go to for boot camp.
I highly recommend this gym..andrew who works there rocks as well as all the trainers..
Like a friday night club, except its a gym.
Always machines or weights available.
Great workouts with weights and cardio.
Trevor and josh are excellent trainers.
Great big gym, very friendly atmosphere, enthusiastic coaches.
The trainers really care about you getting the most out of your workout and are very encouraging.
They do an initial evaluation: weight, body fat, muscle mass, measurements, push-ups, sit-ups and a mile run.
Each workout day focused on either upper body, lower body, or all body/cardio.
The trainers are supportive and make sure you're doing the exercises correctly.
Fitness 14 is fantastic.
I did four months worth of training with monika.
She was also more affordable than lvac, which is mostly why we chose this gym in the first place.
All of the trainers and staff are exceptional.
The pricing may seem expensive at first compared to a gym, but the class packages are definitely worth it.
I will have this be my gym wherever i go as long as there's a planet fitness.
They keep the big huge guys who wanna lift super heavy weights out so people feel more comfortable.
The staff was super courteous the gym is 24 hours always clean i love working out here
I was there for 3 months and i felt more at home than any gym i had ever joined.
This was shortly broken after joining tribal and i had improved in every aspect of training.
Joined the fitness center, very reasonable @ $15 a month.
I finally got back in the gym and could not be more satisfied with a great start.
The gym has a lot of new equipment that is typically easy to get onto.
I was matched with vlad to assess my current shape and personal fitness goals.
He showed great interest in what i wanted from the gym and worked to get to know me.
Great locals gym to workout at.
I  recommend this gym to anyone interested in trying crossfit or who is looking for a new gym.
Great gym for the basics.
Not for hardcore lifters as they don't have a ton of free weight equipment (benches, racks, etc.)
They have tvs on the cardio equipment and needless to say, that's pretty awesome.
Dozens upon dozens of different weight machines and row after row of cardio equipment.
They have both a basketball court and two seperate fitness class rooms, as well as a cycling only room.
My five day trial membership expired yesterday so i'm afraid i may continue at my current gym for a time.
Again, there is plenty of equipment in this gym and its up to date and i've never seen any broken.
Lots of gyms have terrible customer service but this is not one of them.
For being in a pretty populated area, it's very well equipped with free weights and nautilus.
Lots of treadmills and elliptically for those that like to do cardio.
This is not a very large gym.
My biggest issues with this gym is price.
$39.99 per month in my opinion is way too high compared to most gyms in the area.
This is the only exercise/gym that i've been to consistently for over a year because it's awesome!
The trainers are great and you feel great after every class.
He's an expert in everything: weight loss, cardio, developing core strength/lean muscle, injury prevention/rehab, improving posture, he does it all.
No matter what your fitness  goals are, physiques' gym is the vessel that will get you there.
She trains all her therapists and does her best to instill patience, artistry, and the importance of education.
Great indoor and outdoor pools, lounging areas, weight and cardio equipment, tennis/basketball/racquetball/squash courts, etc.
The trainers keep you engaged and motivated and make you feel like you're part of the family.
Scott white is an amazing trainer!!
He is incredibly passionate and knowledgeable about fitness, nutrition and the human body!
I don't see what everyone's problem with with this gym.
This process and this gym has taught me to question old beliefs i've had about myself and my abilities.
My husband and i were very impressed to learn that some of the staff are professional gymnasts.
This la fitness has a wider range of age groups than the one down the road at scottsdale and mcdowell.
I have visited this gym several times while on vacation in the north phoenix area.
The gym is great for beginner and advanced lifters.
I will definitely visit this gym again when i come back to the area.
The staff and trainers are helpful, patient  and motivanal with nutrition and exercise.
I am currently trying to find a new gym home.
I'm not into the lvac type gyms.
I prefer specialty gym because they are tough work outs.
I do have experience with crossfit,  circuit training, and boxing.
The gym is very welcoming.
Has all the basics: treadmills, ellipticals, weight machines, free weights etc.
With that said the gym is hardly ever busy, especially early morning which is a plus.
Would recommend removing a few of the duplicate weight machines in favor of some mats.
Overall a great gym for the price.
I dropped in for a few classes while visiting family for the holidays and the gym was great.
All the gym goers welcomed me in, introduced themselves and hung out and talked after.
I have been training here for 6 months now, and it has been great.
Planet fitness is nothing like that.
The cardio area is huge!!
The gym is quiet and everyone is respectful to each other's space.
Very happy with this gym!
This gym has grown for the best over the past year!
A lot of crossfit gyms can be intimidating if you are trying to get back into shape.
The workouts are easily personlized to your fitness level.
Cardio-wise there are tons of machines here.
Free weights area is kind of on the small side and the abs area could be doubled in size.
Finally a decent sized rock gym in the charlotte metro area.
They also have cardio, trx (holy smokes it's a great workout) and my personal favorites are the mat hybrid classes.
Also after all, it is all about the gains not the gym itself.
I've only done the flybarre workouts at this gym and they kick my ass.
Studio provides lockers, weights, mats, towels, and great atmosphere.
Mountainside is the first and only gym i have joined since moving to arizona.
The location for me was hard to beat-- i can walk to the gym if i want.
It wasn't a big deal to us, the gym sends you a reminder and then some coupons after.
It's perfect for any level of fitness from beginner to guru.
All of the trainers are super friendly and encouraging.
I'm a big fan of this gym.
Thomas and laurie are awesome trainers.
Love this gym here 5 days a week.
I'll give an extra star just because the gym is now open 24/7
I freakin love this gym.
It used to be crowded because on of the other fitness 1's nearby caught on fire!
So those people went to this gym for a little over a month.
I've been at this gym for over a year and i don't think i'm switching anytime soon.
Squash courts, gym and all the other amenities you'd expect from a first rate club.
I recently signed up for anytime fitness because: 1.
The gym is open 24/7 so i can come and go as i please.
The only thing i don't like about this gym is the "showers" that they have.
Overall, this gym is pretty good.
This is one of those small gyms that you actually go there to work out not to network.
One of the big reasons i'm going there is for the personal training that they offer.
People come to the gym to get away from the political bs
The people there are friendly and of all fitness levels.
I visit a lot of gyms and like everything that i see in a lot of different places.
All sorts of gyms from grungy garage style all steel places to high and country club places with full amenities.
This gym is by far the favorite i've left my money at.
Great community, very clean gym, with great coaches.
Charlotte needed a quality fitness facility that offers the latest in fitness technology and standards, and this is it.
Assuming the credit on my account gets processed correctly, i am finally a happy gym member.
Better than crack some might say.=)  it is definitely not your run of the mill gym.
From my experience with the cf cle crowd, i noticed was very welcoming by both members and trainers.
Fyi, the gym is not globo gym and does not have machine nonsense.
Going to crossfit cle is like going to rocky balboa's gym but with intensity in a group friendly environment.
The facility has a good selection of machines and free weights.
Love otf....great workouts and trainers!
Thanks for training at otf kyle, boom!
I have tried different gyms all over town, and was happy to stumble on this little gem.
This gym has none of that.
This is one of the best gyms i have ever joined.
Cardio area, free weights, weight machines, and a training area to do lunges and stuff on mats.
Any other gyms i've joined it's been at least $125-$150 down.
Family friendly awesome gym to go to.
Owner/staff/gym members are super friendly.
Mountainside fitness has become my new stomping grounds.
All of the equipment is nice and clean, but i have mostly found myself addicted to the group fitness classes!
Thanks mountainside fitness, i am a whole new woman every time i leave!
Here's my giant list of things i love about this gym:  + most affordable gym in this neighborhood.
(i don't own a car, so i needed a gym within a short walk or bike from my home.)
That being said, it's enough for me (ellipticals, row machine, trx, kettle bells, free weights, foam rollers).
And there are a ton of weight lifting machines i don't use.
C'est un gym pas cher.
You can tell the teachers here had some intense training and are very experienced by their level of instruction.
I came into town on business and stopped by to train.
It was refreshing to park right in front of the gym and still see your car while you workout.
I came into phoenix on business and needed a gym and i'm glad i stopped into cpsac.
I'd recommend this gym to anyone coming into town or looking for a gym in phoenix.
Classes are tailored after the body training systems which are changed quarterly.
The gym hosts a wide variety of up to date equipment for cardio or strength training.
Personal training is available as individual or group.
The gym is family oriented and family friendly.
The result is a surprisingly well rounded fitness option.
The trainers are always helpful and friendly.
Overall, i love this gym!
Planet fitness is a solid gym.
For a good sized gym, you have to wait to use the restroom if the gym is busy?
5) during busy hours, the gym smells like feet.
Now on to the positives:   this gym is super clean!
Planet fitness really does everything right.
They also have a good selection of equipment and a ton of cardio machines.
First and most important the culture at this gym is spot on how you want your school.
The gym is filled with humble, friendly killers.
If i make it back to pittsburgh , i would definitely come here to train.
The best crossfit gym in the valley.
With crossfit it is all about your trainers and the programming...  both are definitely first class here.
I came in a heavy smoker and about 30 lbs overweight.
This place changed how i view health, fitness, strength, and mental fortitude.
Extremely friendly and welcoming, and highly effective for building fitness in fun and creative ways.
The perfect gym for me.
The sign up was quick and to the point and the trainers are really helpful.
It's a good mix of fitness levels and a great sense of community.
I love this gym.
I don't know what's going on but clean machines are so important in a gym.
Doug was the trainer.
Then we did a 14 minute intense cardio/weight high intensity interval circuit that def kicked butt.
I've been working out here for 6 years, i've tried a few other gyms, but always end up back here.
I've been a 24 hour fitness member for the last 10 years.
This location is better than the average 24 hour fitness location.
The selection of weight machines, free weights is also decent.
Good ownership, definitely a clean gym, with an actual culture.
I switched from planet fitness to here and i really like it a lot better it's cleaner and newer.
Due to personal changes in 2017 i just had to cancel my membership at planet fitness.
The gym is inexpensive ($10 for my monthly plus annual), equipped with everything most people need to work out.
Loved planet fitness and will miss it !!
Awesome gym for a great family price.
Also includes great day care right on site for the kiddos while at the gym.
Awesome trainers and staff who are committed to helping you enjoy your workout experience and  reach your goals.
First class is free, you have nothing to lose but weight and inches.
It's a frickin gym.
It's centrally located, clean and available to me at all the hours i want to go bully the weights.
The weights are plenty though some machines could get more maintenance upkeep due to their popularity, ie the leg machines.
The rows of cardio machines are plenty for those of you looking to up your heart rate.
The gym could have updates here and there but the staff is good about addressing issues.
Out of all the nearby financial district goodlife gyms, this one is the biggest and most comprehensive.
Change rooms, personal training, yoga studios, and group fitness rooms are all on the lower floor.
Her rpm session was most impressive - so much energy and really pushed me to my cardio limits!
Hitting all the disciplines from gymnastics to strongman.
The trainers are all energetic and enthusiastic.
Just switched from la fitness, and couldn't be happier.
If you're there for the gym aspect, and not a baywatch audition, this is great news.
They also have fewer locations than many of the other mainstream gyms like anytime or la.
I lost 20 pounds going to this gym.
The place is cool and not hot and stuffy like some other gyms.
I would recommend the gym to anyone.
Its a good gym with people that range from big muscle guys to overweight people.
I love working out with my trainer tina.
She focuses on functional fitness which is perfect for my lifestyle.
I am making progress, getting stronger all while getting motivated by my personal training with tina.
All of the trainers are great and really care about you.
My favorite thing about it is the care and attention of the trainers though!
The trainers are always showing alternative ways to do the exercises and they care!
I learned of geeny while visiting a gym close to my home.
I am not a gym person, but i was desperate to feel better.
She specializes in pain management and corrective training and is a great and passionate instructor and is very results driven.
Holisticfit is different than any gym i've experienced and pj is different than your typical trainer.
I say that his approach is different because many trainers say those things (pro-health, not just about weight loss, etc.
I'm glad that holisticfit has entered the pittsburgh fitness scene and i recommend it highly!
Before joining tribal i tried out a few different gyms and nothing really fit.
I would highly recommend tribal to anyone looking to get into crossfit or just switch gyms.
Top-notch equipment and fitness staff.
This gym is a little gem.
Being a member at this gym comes with many perks that i didn't have at my last gym.
They are not like other gyms who only care about the money.
They are very good trainers who try hard for you.
This is a great place for people of all levels of fitness!
Gent's is a new and exciting boxing gym in the peoria area!
There's definitely a sense of camaraderie, including the owner/trainer, johnny.
I've had the chance to train closely with him.
Accident happen; for instance, getting hit in the head by a basketball which flew over the barrier from the gym.
I moved to calgary from vancouver looking for a gym with flexible hours.
This place offers 24hr fitness and tanning.
The other patrons of the gym are also very friendly.
Thank you again for showing me love at your gym!
Fitness i'd recently considered switching to.
Yes, it'd be more of a singles' dating scene i'd guess, but i'm happy at 24-hour fitness.
If you're into that whole small hole in the wall gym then this is good place to be.
Never gets that busy, equipment always open, and a good assortment of weights.
Trainers are great too.
The trainers here are attentive and very positive!
This review is specific to the gym facilities only.
I come here pretty much daily for the gym.
My favorite trainer, dan, does an exceptional job welcoming clients and getting to know them.
I can truly say his support and guidance has helped me improve my physical fitness exponentially.
Compared to the other gyms in the area this place is awesome.
Great gym of course and unlike other planet fitness, this one has special lockers for black card holders.
Not all planet fitness gyms are the same!
It's a very different concept from your typical big box gym or private trainer.
Great trainers and great people!
This is a place you can go and do activities to lose weight.
It's dope tho cuz you can like lift weights or do some cardio on the machines.
Small gym, meant for a local population.
If you want the classes, then this is not a gym for you.
They do have very affordable personal trainers if you need some help getting started.
The gym is very clean and i never had a problem waiting for machines.
This is one of the most respectful places i've ever been, besides training in the army.
He trains everyone like there going to fight.
This is not a cardio kickboxing class.
If you ever get the chance to train here, please do.
Really impressed, i don't like the chain gym atmosphere but this place feels different and i like it.
It honestly puts me more in the mind of the village than say an la fitness.
It's priced about the same as competitors like la or 24 hour fitness.
This is my first time joining a crossfit gym but it is absolutely worth it!
Initially it looks to be quite expensive for a gym but there are classes almost anytime, mornings and evenings!
There are also weightlifting classes and powerlifting classes as well!
This place is great for working out solo or with a trainer.
The staff and personal trainers are very friendly.
It's the best gym to join if you really want a great work out.
I wish there was a basketball gym.
I have been going to this gym since 2002.
Could be cleaner but as mentioned its a gym.
Great trainers, incredibly clean and well maintained equipment, and friendly atmosphere.
Love the free weights the most.
This is probably my favorite gym i've ever been to.
The services the gym provides are great: hot yoga, barre, and spin!!!
I am stoked to have this gym so close to our house.
Great gym and awesome kids club.
Came over from 24 hour fitness.
This will be my gym of choice for a while until i move again and need something closer to me.
Probably the first time i've given a gym 5 stars.. this one is top-notch!
Loved it and decided to commit to the gym.
I'm super excited and definitely recommend this gym.
Decent gym with a very low monthly payment.
This is definitely a 5 star gym!!!
Boris and nicole know every person by name that walks into that gym...
I've worked out with her, but never had her as a trainer.
After my first week, i realized that i needed some serious work with weights!
The staff is really friendly, and the trainer ryan is really helpful.
The staff is always walking around picking up trash, and re-racking weights which is really nice to see.
Katie, courtney and linda are all such talented trainers.
Prices are extremely reasonable and she has built an amazing community within her gym.
Thanks to stout training, i find myself an unlikely convert to brazilian jiu-jitsu.
And i started this year at least 25 pounds overweight.
I also imagined that it would be pretty clear to anyone else in the gym - that i didn't belong.
I am starting to see huge improvements in my fitness.
I give stout training my highest accolades.
This fitness center is equipped with the services i was looking for.
I appreciate his knowledge and training.
The members are mixed so not just the usual gym rat looking type.
This planet fitness is so nice.
Great for if you want cardio and not get on a treadmill!
Great fitness place with an indoor basketball court!love to workout and chill with friends and get active!
Really, i always do those when the gym is not busy as to not embarrass myself!
This gym has been affordable and  i love it!
August runs an amazing crossfit gym and has an amazing staff of great coaches.
I really love the convenience of this gym.
Long story short, it's a wonderful gym with all the requisite crossfit equipment, exceptional coaching, and some cool members.
I love this gym because it's very low key.
This is the best fitness club in pittsburgh.
Everyone is welcome, no matter your fitness level or ability.
There are many options as far as equipment, bikes, treadmills, and weights, with lots of room to workout.
Most of all it's a welcoming, non-judgmental gym, that everyone will feel comfortable in - from newcomers to long-time members.
Not just because i'm a trainer at anytime but because it's a great environment for getting or staying in shape.
Best thing i did was move to nevada & became apart of anytime fitness.
Now, i go as often as i'm in the area because it's one of my favorite la fitness locations.
There is a decent number of cardio machines, free weights and exercises equipment.
Good clean gym, friendly staff, excellent eqipment to choose from, classes so far have been pretty good.
This gym is descent but kind of deceiving from the out side.
But that's ok...   gym equipment not bad good selection.
They have a great cardio space which is up stairs and had punching bags.
I absolutely love jabz boxing gym and the workout that you get here.
The atmosphere in the gym is so positive and fun and she is cheering you on the entire class.
Joined 2 weeks ago and have been so impressed with the trainers and staff!
Not a perfect five star gym, but who is perfect these days?
I've had high expectations for la fitness, since i was a member from the time i lived in los angeles.
The gyms there are ridiculous.
They take fitness seriously!
I have been under terrance' instruction as my personal trainer for a month now and already feel the results.
Best trainer in the biz and he'll make sure you receive the best conditioning training possible.
Coach stu is super passionate about both crossfit and fitness.
I joined mountainside gym in 2013 and have been pleased ever since!
The trainers are super knowledgeable, and really watch your form while you workout, which is critical.
Planet fitness is a big gym with a lot of equipment but without all the drama.
I've been going to this gym for half a year now, and so far i've been pleased with the facility.
The manager and gym goers are all friendly, and i never feel judged when i go here.
There are plenty of free weights, and there's adequate room to use them around their holdings.
You get a heart rate monitor and a trainer that will you to the next level.
The trainers also have group/individ.
I really enjoy the trainers.
I'm looking forward to the weight loss challenge to see the scale go down even more.
I signed up for my membership in the arcadia location, which is the gym nearest to me.
And nothing satisfies my needs more than planet fitness does.
Overall, i couldn't have asked for more with planet fitness.
I swear by planet fitness now, and cannot wait to go to the gym tonight!
They have a small gym/workout room with weights and treadmills.
Personal training at an affordable coat.
The classes focus on arms, core, legs, stretching and cardio.
When it was time for me to buy an elliptical machine, pacific fitness was right there when i needed them.
The folks at pacific fitness really came through for me.
I have never met a trainer who comes back in full circle with answers and solutions to all fitness struggles.
His insight, resourcefulness, and wisdom make him such a wonderful trainer to work with!
The gym went through couple of transitions and changed its name.
Originally it was, hard candy fitness.
Then its name changed to aura fitness.
Now its called "crunch"... looks like the gym facilities is going to get in better shape.
I still prefer going to this gym because its so spacious and never gets too crowded.
I'm just annoyed that the turf area was changed to restricted area for training purposes only.
(i would like a pass please for being a respectful member of the gym facility lol.
Overall, i highly recommend ben byfield and the other fitness trainers are just as wonderful!
I would rate this gym facility 90%
I highly recommend this chain of fitness centers and this location.
Fitness connection does a great job of keeping their facilities up and in order as well.
The gym itself is always clean and they have great equipment.
That's hard to find in the fitness industry.
I went to another gym and the environment there was intimidating and not welcoming.
This gym is not like that.
Great gym for someone trying out crossfit for the first time or for someone that is experienced.
My first gym membership ever and it has been the best decision i've made.
Damien is the best trainer i've ever had.
The gym has the same feel.
I visited stout bjj on my visit to pittsburgh, and found the the gym to be exceptional!
Great customer service and trainers.
I've needed to drop weight for over 6 years.
Great gym and great people!
It is open to everyone but they will train you hard.
I waited until my daughter turned 5 to enroll yet again to beginners gymnastics now.
I know we would have a long standing relationship with vegas valley gymnastics.
The gym on 91st is very clean with new equipment and very friendly greeting staff.
I spent an hour with marty bartos the personal trainer and found him to be knowledgeable, kind and respectful.
I have done personal training on and off for many years and he taught me some important things.
I would encourage you to go and see him for any and all training needs!
The gym is more narrow and parking sometimes sucks.
Prior to going to gent's i purchased a groupon for another boxing gym within two blocks.
You will not find another gym with the camaraderie and amenities as this gym.
The trainers at gents are seriously invested in your success and desire true results!
You will not have any of the silly "drill sergeant" antics that some of the other "gyms" have.
The classes consist of a full-body workout involving punching bags, circuit training, cardio and resistance training.
While you would expect a boxing gym to be mostly hard core, intimidating and full of meatheads.
Gents is certainly not that type of gym.
The members have all types of physiques and fitness levels.
Cancelled my la fitness membership of 12 years and started here 18 months ago.
Yes, they do lack some items that most other gyms have, but there are plenty of alternatives to use.
This is a great convenient gym and is only $10!
Perhaps i am just lucky, but if you are looking for s gym, try this place out.
Been part of a lot of gyms but this has been the one i've stayed at the longest.
Any and all fitness levels can excel in the classes.
Fitness pros and novices alike.
The mesa location is by far the best gym i have ever been to.
Personal training is worth every penny.
Only complaint is the astroturf in the functional fitness area is rough on the knees.
Veteran friendly, small private clean gym.
I started doing orangetheory fitness (otf) about 4 months ago.
I needed to lose my baby weight and workouts i did pre-baby just weren't doing it.
Otf is a fully body workout and incorporates the treadmill, rower and the weight room.
[side note: otf quickly helped me lose that baby weight].
There are weights and restrooms with lockers.
The gym is always clean and quiet.
Large gym with at least 20 ellipticals, 20 treadmills, 20 bikes.
Weight floor with hand weights and dumbbells of every size, along with weight machines.
La fitness goes above the other clubs by making sure you have a positive experience.
Overall i am happy here and was a former fitness factory member.
This gym actually fixes or replaces equipment.
All other gyms, your car bakes in the sun.
I can work out anywhere but i am a member of planet fitness for a reason!
The philosophy of planet fitness is "spot-on" since most people starting a fitness lifestyle are a bit intimidated.
Planet fitness is very fortunate to have you on board!
Nice gym, i'm a member.
I highly recommend this gym.
Crossfit double down is a great gym with great people.
Best damn gym i've ever been too and been a proud member for two years.
I love my gym!!!!!
Every time i've been here someones cleaning and keeping up on the equipment compared to most gyms.
It also brings in a different crowd of gym rats.
Now this la fitness is nice!
She's a fitness model omg should i say more she uber talented.
Like what others have said, it's a "no frills" gym.
I feel it's a great location for a gym such as this.
The gym itself is nicer and much cleaner 5.)
They have an amazing trainer 8.)
I don't use them personally, but they have fitness classes like bootcamp, zumba, etc.
Used to go to la fitness, but this is my new home.
Excellent place...fitness center very nice but could use one or two different types of machines.
I've belonged to a few different boxing gyms in the valley, and this one is by far my favorite.
Some boxing gyms can be incredibly intimidating, or really unwelcoming, but this is the total opposite.
The trainers are awesome and the classes are really great and challenging.
There are people at every fitness level that can take the classes, from newbies to experienced boxers.
And unlimited use of the other fitness equipment whenever they are open.
Their instructors also all offer personal training, so i started that up this month.
I'd advise using lighter weights the first time because the reps are challenging if you go too heavy!
Website has frequent glitches in terms of service or sign up for group fitness.
Fitness staff are nice but there's no influx of younger staff, so things can get routine.
Fitness equipment in some disrepair and upkeep is below average.
Some repairs (e.g., sound systems) in the group fitness areas have taken four or more months to fix.
What is annoying are the a-la-carte group fitness fees on top of the membership.
2) it's a gymnastics gym.
Gymnastics:   i currently have daughters ages 9 and 6.
My 9yo moved to flip dunk from another gymnastics gym when she was a beginner.
The trampolines are bouncier than those at other gyms, and kids who know how are permitted to do flips here.
As i noted above, this is not only a trampoline park, but a gymnastics gym as well.
There is even an open gym for kids 6 and under one evening a week!
5) again, open gym on the weekends is great!
The gym is a little bit small and packed at peek hours but has all the equipment you need.
This guy is hands down the best personal trainer out there!!!
He will take care of your fitness needs!
Speaking of peak hours, this particular gym has enough machines for the demand.
Where this particular gym loses a star is the lifting and abs/stretching area.
Best gym in town.
I like this little neighborhood gym.
I could have joined bigger ones like lvac or planet fitness, but i am a lazy person.
I could walk to this gym if i wanted to, so this was a plus for me.
Sometimes machines are broken but it's like that at every gym.
I joined this gym at the beginning of december (2017) and i have had a great experience ever since.
I decided to get a personal trainer when i joined and the experience has been amazing.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone!
This is a great gym.
I have been a member of many gyms.
I have done the local city recreational center gyms.
The gym is always clean - you can tell he takes pride in his space.
The people are great - we are more of a workout family than gym members.
Workouts are amazing, people are awesome, and trainer is hot!!!!!
They also have amazing promotions to try the gym out for cheap!
People complaining about equipment cleanliness are just obnoxious-it's a %#$@ing gym-people sweat.
It's a gym-wipe off the equipment before you use it-no big deal.
Really, you're gonna complain that a gym you pay $20 (or for the basic plan, $10!)
This gym is incredible.
Totally the best decision i've made getting trained under him.
Cracks on the leather supports on weight machines).
Overall the gym is in a usable state now.
This gym is so close to work i can practically walk there, but it's 90-100 degrees outside, so i don't.
The gym is small, but rarely ever busy and they have the equipment i need to have a good workout.
Classes run thin as opposed to the big gyms, but i don't mind it at all.
The trainers are always so upbeat and help you get through the workout!
Has a lot of machines that all my other gyms didn't have.
I was challenged by a coworker to join the 6 week 20 pound weight loss challenge.
If you follow the plan;  you will lose the weight.
The trainers are downright awesome.
I have only half way drank the crossfit kool-aid but i must say, this gym is pretty bad ass.
The almost hour long class goes by quickly as you do nonstop stations with "cardio blasts" in between.
(i can't say the same for the gyms in my new city.)
I usually hate gyms and working out indoors, otf is just about perfect.
The trainers are so personable and push you so you get the best workout for you that day!
Adam, the personal trainer, is a pleasure to work with.
He has truly help me towards my fitness goals!
Vegas valley is such a great gym!
My daughter is on the gymnastics team and she loves it.
At first i was "ify" about putting myself infront of a personal trainer!
The people who come into the gym are very friendly as well and help the training go by faster.
At first, the workouts seemed insurmountable, but everyone (the trainers and fellow crossfitters) was incredibly helpful and supportive.
At no other gym that i've gone to has there ever been such a sense of community and camaraderie.
At all times you work out under the supervision of at least one trainer.
I have great gym etiquette but my first visit an employee set the lunk alarm off multiple times on me.
I wasn't being loud, dropping weights or anything.
If they simple did this it would be the best gym around under $20 a month
Nothing flashy - just a comfortable fitness environment with generally well maintained equipment and facilities.
I will be back for swim lessons again and also hope to enroll them in a fun gymnastics session.
There are 16 different stations and you rotate through each station with "cardio blasts" in between.
If your in the area and need a fun place to train, this is the right place.
I'd love it if they could go back to being the friendliest gym in town!
I took a self- defense training at this martial arts studio.
They do need a couple more cybex arc trainers!
Evidently this person doesn't use the gym or works out!
It's hard to believe some folks are writing negative reviews about this gym.
Smaller gym than i expected but very clean and new.
I love msf, great staff, great atmosphere, the trainers are amazing to.
Wouldn't want to be with any other gym!!
Knockout fitness is the best place to get a great workout!
Best form of cardio i have ever done!
I recently just passed my lead climbing test with this gym and it was thorough.
Nonetheless, love the gym!
Recently moved from fl from an amazing crossfit gym and was unable to find a similar environment.
This gym is like a family.
Last month we had a dietitian conference, miguel brought fitnesswave to our gym which is hydrostatic body fat testing.
This gym is not only coming to sweat is more than that!
I've heard horror stories about planet fitness but for the price decided to give it shot.
In the past, i've gone to gyms & used their run-of-the-mill machines (lifecycle equipment, etc.
Pulse fitness offers an environment that breeds accomplishment & the trainers sincerely care about your results.
& it's all because the trainers stick with you & get involved in your efforts to get healthier.
The two of them are a great pair and make going in to the gym fun and easy-going.
You go at your own pace but if the trainers see you slacking, they'll challenge you.
Great open gym with plenty of cardio machines.
There could be a few more weight lifting machines especially bench presses.
I now call this gym 'home.'
Inside is a gym for basketball, volleyball, pool tables and a rock climbing wall.
I was surprised to learn how much anytime fitness has to offer!
Best gym i've ever been to!
Feels like you have a personal trainer with you the whole time.
I love all the trainers - they're nice, motivating, and are extremely genuine and caring.
The gym is clean and up-to-date.
I love this gym.
It is rare to run into a gym d bag here.
There are tvs stretched out across the room for all the cardio nuts to stay entertained.
Before i was really not pushing myelf, the trainer has a program that is now kicking my butt.
I am so impressed i'm going to have my mom get a training guide made for her.
Staff is always friendly, gym and bathrooms are clean, it is only $10 a month and the hours are great.
The gym is also really nice and makes working out fun!
I am older, have weight issues, and knee problems, and...i hate to exercise.
The trainers are all so helpful and encouraging.
We got to flip giant tires, weights, abs etc.
I adore the trainers ,all of them, but my schedule does not allow me to take all the trainers classes.
Both of their classes are great although daren's classes are faster paced, higher cardio.
I promise it was because of the awesome support, fantastic trainers, and flat out amazing program that this is.
The encouragement of the staff and trainers.
I've worked out at orange theory fitness paradise valley for over two years now and am addicted!
All of the trainers i have had - dan, kim, chris, david, keisha, joe and kristen - are fantastic.
Each trainer is more than willing to show me modifications so i do not injure myself further.
Onto the venue itself: this used to be an old bally fitness.
So the gym does look a bit older.
I've had my membership for about a month now and i am still very impressed with planet fitness.
One day out of the blue, after consistently coming to class and moving up in weight...
I've tried personal trainers ($300 a month for 2 lessons per week).
I've tried gyms and i've tired doing it alone.
All the movements are scalable and the coaches work with you to find the right scaled weight and comparable movement.
I just truly love this place and the trainers.
Check out orange theory fitness for a free class, you won't be disappointed!
Trainers know what they're doing and mike (owner/trainer) really made me work for it.
Plenty of high level training partners and the facility was clean.
The philosophy of planet fitness is "spot-on" since most people starting a fitness lifestyle are a bit intimidated.
Planet fitness is very fortunate to have you on board!
This gym is about 10 miles from my home and i will make the drive without question.
How, as a big gym, you're not going to have paper towels?
Just used this gym for the first time today.
I went in for a cardio session and i knew they don't provide the towels which is fine.
Small but easy to access type of gym.
I highly recommend dana park orange theory fitness!
The trainers do a fantastic job at motivating and challenging you, while also teaching you a great deal.
Otf workouts help you achieve your fitness goals and get results, and are fun!
Pulse fitness is the best decision i have ever made in my journey of trying to get into shape.
I have tried out several gyms prior to signing up at pulse and none of them even compare!
The trainers are all very knowledgeable, and friendly.
I would highly recommend the gym to anyone!
The area feels like its nearly as big as the gym floor and has something for kids of all ages.
Az bodybuilding offers the perfect balance of correct meal preparation guidelines, supplements suggestions and training routines.
All of the trainers are extremely goal oriented, personable and motivating.
I have had peaks and valleys in the gym.
When you train at recess endurance training you will find that friend and accountability.
It is a gym experience like no other.
This anytime fitness location is located on the west side of rainbow blvd, just south of warm springs.
The gym is actually manned with an employee monday through thursday from 10 am to 6 pm.
This gym is filled with sexy people and they know it!
So many poor reviews on here, imo this is a decent gym.
It is most definitely crowded, but hello folks you are going to a large gym in a busy, popular neighborhood.
Good gym that should have everything you need.
The personal training sections upstairs and downstairs take up alot of real estate all members could use.
Overall if it's convenient for you i would still recommend this gym
Love the gym, classes are great.
Love recess, love katie and all the trainers.
Every class is seems like my own personal training session.
Damian is an awesome trainer who really gives his all to make sure you get a great (and exhausting) workout.
He knows how to deal with him and help him focus his energy on gymnastics.
I would describe the space as more of a studio than a gym.
There are ropes, pull-up bars, and weights.
Certainly more expensive than gold's or lvac, but i think you get a lot more personalized training.
Overall, i would definitely recommend this gym to anyone looking to get fit.
Mountainside fitness at desert ridge is a great gym.
Unlike some gyms that believe themselves to be upscale, everyone at msf pays the same.
He really talked me through my fitness goals and got me over my fears of large gyms.
This location in amazing and i am so happy i chose this gym to start my fitness goals.
The home gym i go to is val vista.
The classes are fantastic and are challenging yet flexible for any fitness level.
I can't wait to see the gains i make in all areas of my fitness- strength,endurance and flexibility.
The gym has pretty much everything you need unless your routine is a bit off the wall or specific.
Some of the heart rate readers on the cardio equipment are hit or miss.
A lot of the time the free weights (plates) are unorganized and all over the place.
Granted, this would be easily solved by gym patrons simply putting weights back after they're done with them.
I really like this gym and want to continue going here.
Hoping my honest feedback helps the gym to get even better.
Still would like to see a couple other things addressed but, overall, i really like this gym.)
The gym recently replaced an olympic bar, which is great.
I made an appointment with luke, went in and had a brief fitness test and we talked about my concerns.
I've been to plenty of crossfit gyms and this is by far the best.
The training staff did a great job at explaining and motivating.
I like this gym.
What an amazing place to go and train!
An extremely motivating place with an ownership/trainers (kimberly and andrew) that are knowledgeable and safety conscious!!!
Alpha elite fitness is the real deal!!!
The best crossfit gym in vegas.
Positive attitudes from the trainers and people who go there.
I wish there was a gym like truhit near me in atlanta.
Definitely a different experience than the big-box gyms.
You'll get the right mix of strength training and cardio, and the intensity level is up to you.
The trainers will keep you motivated, and you'll be paying a fraction of what personal training sessions would cost.
Ymca blew away the 24 hour fitness i went to in regards to cleanliness, new equipment and availability of equipment.
I cancelled my 24 hour fitness membership after 72 hours and am now back to the y for good.
If your in the area and need a fun place to train, this is the right place.
I have never committed to a gym program for any length of time prior to working with them.
They have a great overall fitness program with a different set of workouts weekly.
Both jess and ryan have trained with elite athletes for years and know how to help you get stronger.
They also have bigger group boot training.
If you want to get stronger, lose weight or build your general fitness, this is the place to be.
I don't need fancy gyms that have classes.
I just need a gym with equipment and i'm ready to go!
The major plus is i can go anywhere in the u.s. and use any of the planet fitness facilities.
This is a smaller center than other la fitness gyms i've been to in the area.
They offer multiple cardio machines and a floor full of lifting equipment.
There were paper towels left on the equipment and gym floor on multiple occasions.
I loved that they offered both free weights an full kickboxing and boxing classes.
Possibly the best gym i've ever been to.
This is a low brow gym with older body builder in mind equipment and powerlifting equipment.
They offer a small amount of classes and have ok cardio equipment for those looking for that.
I come to la fitness 6-7 days a week, and i really like it.
La fitness is the nicest gym i've been to.
The free-weight section is quite squeezed though.
I mostly go here for "cardio days".
But overall, a good places for cardio with many different machines to choose from.
The trainers & staff are very approachable & professional.
Lots of squat racks and oly platforms for all your powerlifting and weightlifting needs.
Which on the positive side, is a good sign of a great gym with great trainers!
Another very good sign of the workouts and trainers that facilitate them.
My absolute favorite trainers are tony and dane.
I really enjoy this gym.
I'm a stay at home mom and the gym is my "me" time.
Overall, especially for the price point, mountainside is a great gym.
I've been really happy with cardinal fitness.
Absolutely loved this gym.
The gym is brand new, clean and the equipment is user friendly.
Great workouts here, with a trainer if you like.
Once i found out there was a gym where i stayed i was sooo happy!
I would definitely recommend this planet fitness to anyone living in the area!!
Nick at mccormick la fitness was very knowledgeable, regarding our fitness assessment.
My husband and i recently went in for a consultation to adding a silver sneakers membership at la fitness.
He was thorough and listened to our past fitness history.
If you need a fitness counselor to get started on a program, nick's the one!
I loved the support from the trainers especially jen.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone and to at least try the 30 day challenge.
I definitely recommend joining knock out fitness!
Friendly and very competent trainers, clean, modern and state of the art facility, challenging workouts.
All the way from the owner to the gymnasts, everyone is pleasant and has a positive attitude.
It definitely beats all other gyms around town.
If anyone in the valley is looking for a new gym or to get going, i 100% recommend fitness one.
But if you're looking for a gym full of motivated, friendly, helpful, and independent people, check out fitness one.
I have never been to a gym that really challenged me like this one does.
The trainers actually care about your progress and work with you to modify daily workouts to fit your abilities.
The gym has a wod or "workout of the day" which everyone participates in.
There is always a trainer around to help answer any questions and motivate you.
I would recommend this gym for everyone!
In addition, the gym is a fantastic community.
Johnny, steven and the trainers are genuinely kind and great at what they do.
All of the gym members feel like good friends and always make you feel welcome.
The classes are never the same and always incorporate a mix of boxing, cardio and circuits.
You learn actual boxing and techniques; and the trainers are all knowledgeable.
Aside from the classes, they have great equipment (weights and machines) for strength training.
Last, but certainly not least, my phenomenal personal trainer justin waldfogel.
He is my choice in a trainer.
I love this gym!
It's definitely different than most of the gyms in vegas and worth checking out.
My trainer is hands-down the best trainer i've ever had (and i've seen a lot of trainers over the years).
I have tried many gyms in the valley and nothing compares to truhit platinum!!!
It is a family community and a one stop shop for all of your fitness goals!!!
I knew i couldn't leave after a week of doing the training!
It is like no other gym!
Great family owned gym.
No waiting around for equipment like you would at la fitness, and not a hook up place.
Program at the gym.
This review was meant for a different gym, i have no idea how i happened to attach this tip oasis.
The owner cares deeply about the gym and about the girls.
Their equipment is brand new and the gym has a great layout.
Way to go to the whole crew at truhit fitness in scottsdale!
The gym is clean and has what you need for a beginner/intermediate.
The best part for me is ron (my personal trainer) he is amazing and is a huge motivator.
I highly recommend joining the gym just to be able to train with him!
I have been a member of orange theory fitness, paradise valley, since january 2013.
Dan durso and kim brown are two of the trainers at otf that have been extremely helpful in my success.
Both truly care about every single person they are training.
It's obviously not just a job for them, but a passion for helping clients reach their fitness goals.
It was just what i needed to get myself to the gym and get my diet back on track.
Miguel and the coaches are great at customizing the workouts to each individuals skill and fitness level.
Even as a mild germ-aphobe, i've never felt grossed out by the condition of the equipment like some other gyms.
Having been to multiple crossfit gyms, i can honestly say this is one of the best in the valley!
I really like this gym and the people who work here too.
I got a gym membership on june 10th.
It's a smaller gym but they still have pretty much everything.
Connor actually trained me today.
Bottom line, i love this gym.
There are 6 personal trainers.
But it's the perfect gym for me and i love how i can actually connect with the staff here.
Oh and i get to meet my personal trainer rebecca on saturday.
I've always gone to a traditional gym and did my own thing, love it.
Trainers are awesome, so far my favorites are the two david's!
I am one of the first members to train when warren first opened up his academy in pittsburgh.
I have been to many gyms all over the valley and i really like the convenience  of this one.
The trainers are good and helpful and the place is clean.
You rarely ever have to wait in line to use equipment and the gym itself is quiet.
My biggest issue with gyms is feeling like i'm being judged and i have never felt like that here!
It is nice to go to a new clean and bright gym.
This includes the front desk, sign up people, personal trainers, manager and the people keeping everything clean.
This place has the feel of a luxury gym without the price.
I completely meets my needs at a very reasonable fee;  great gym at a great price.
The gym itself is pretty busy when i go and everyone is friendly.
During my short time training here, i never felt left out.
This gym didn't treat their members like another customer, everyone felt like family.
I recommend this gym for anyone wanting to compete or trying to get into shape.
When i'm not on the mat, i love me some la fitness.
After hitting a plateau at the gym and being too lazy to drive to my zumba classes.
The gym or zumba never made me sweat the way this place does.
The trainers are great, friendly and push you to your limits.
The gym is small enough to not get lost in, but not so hard core that i felt intimidated.
2 fitness rooms for various courses.
This is a 2 story fitness center.
Lower levels house the care center, pool and locker rooms and upstairs with the fitness rooms, weights, and cardio machinery.
After years of ho-hum excercise at la fitness (and pushy sales focused trainers) my husband and i are completely addicted.
Trainers are awesome, educated and extremely helpful.
Basic gym for those who are looking for no b.s.
In their fitness regimen.
Love this gym .
Good people talented trainers,  always good sparring good equipment  love to come there .
I started at this gym when they opened in may 2012.
The workout is a group training style mixed with cardio and strength.
The exercises vary from treadmill, rowers, free weights, medicine balls, trx, and steps.
Getting into the orange zone is what sets this gym apart from others.
The trainers and desk staff are so friendly and truly care about creating a positive fitness environment for everyone.
I am a 61 year old female and i have never strength trained.
It's similar to circuit training, but you wear a heart monitor and your heart rate is displayed on a screen.
I highly recommend checking out orange theory fitness!
I've been doing personal training there for 9 months, and i'm very happy with my progress.
My trainer shaun is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and knows exactly what i need in order to keep pushing forward.
This of course coming from someone who hasn't seen the inside of the gym in over a month.
Damien and his gym, i must say, is the best i've had and have ever been in!
I found out about this gym when my former job had a promotion with them..
I wish it had more amenities and more space to do workouts away from the machines and weights.
Love working my trainer spencer!!!
What a great gym in tempe!
Small group fitness classes are fantastic and they have personal training available.
This gym has a ladies section which is quite stocked in terms of equipment.
The other general open area of the gym has lots of equipment.
I recommend this gym.
I got in great shape before my first pregnancy and was able to lose the baby weight after each baby.
Friendly staff & clientele across all age & fitness spectrums.
Our family which includes two boys 10 and 12 checked out gents gym and it was a great experience.
This gym is very family oriented.
After passing through those doors everything else became easier to deal with, life and work, outside the gym.
It's fun, challenging, addictive, and - most importantly - accessible for people of all fitness levels.
This gym is quite alright.
Jordan guida is the best trainer!
Let me just say, this gym is not your typical gym.
Everyone gets a personal trainer, yes everyone.
This is a very good gym i enjoy the facility.
The machines and program are really effective at achieving a proper workout without wasting multiple hours at the gym.
Wanting to participate in their weight loss nutrition counseling.
So far no call backs or texts despite multiple efforts i received a call from the owner of the gym.
I tried the traditional gym route but knew right away that was not for me.
I find that i now spend most of my free time with members of the gym.
Excellent gym, very good equipment, nice staff, they always seem to keep the equipment clean, and very laid back crowd.
Luckily for me, i've only been approached once by a green trainer who was looking for financial support.
Started in 07/2006 at $12.44/mo because i bought a year's worth, got 6 months free (access to *all* purefitness').
Weight-room fantastic for my needs.
Cardio covers all i need.
The staff at anytime fitness are friendly and passionate about their members.
Novel fitness concept that will come in handy for your next trip to the beach.
I loved that they offered both free weights an full kickboxing and boxing classes.
Full sized gym: -basketball -volleyball -badminton etc.
Ufc gym has recently changed its management and what was a good gym has really become a great gym.
Jon and chris are my secret weapons to meeting my weight goals.
I made it my personal goal this year to get my butt to the gym everyday.
It's easier to walk into a gym where your not judged.
Thank you planet fitness!!
Great gym for the price and awesome staff.
Jeremy put us through some remedial training to learn proper techniques for several weeks.
The gym is clean and everybody is welcome.
I have dropped over twenty pounds since joining this gym and i plan to drop quite a few more here.
I had just moved into phoenix and was looking for a gym to get into shape.
As an aspiring professional golfer i wanted a gym that showed as much dedication to their craft as i did.
This is the best gym in the valley with instructors who are educated and know how to get results.
It may be a bit more expensive than the regular gym but its worth every penny!
They know you by name and actually care if you reach your fitness goals.
I love that there are soo many fitness levels and all ages.
I don't go to mountainside fitness for working out, but i do use their chiropractor there for a long time.
The place is always super clean, too, with plenty of trainers around to help.
The trainers are knowledgable, great with modifications and making sure people are keeping good form.
City surf fitness is a great new fitness studio in tempe, az.
The trainers and owner tessa are fun, motivating and passionate.
Get your fitness on people!
Very nice gym with very friendly and helpful staff.
Best gym & trainers in charlotte.
First time in this gym and had a meeting with a trainer by the name of joel.
The gym was really nice and cleaned, friendly staff and some knew the people coming in on first name basis.
The benches are always full, and the gym is crowded with people.
They have a gym for sports (they have a schedule for that).
I've try many gyms and truhit platinum is by far one of the best!
I've lost 10lbs thanks to their workouts and ah--mazing trainers...
I have been training here since january 2015.
My trainer george is friendly, professional and motivating.
Parking is available on the street directly in front of the gym.
Training package prices are very reasonable.
The other trainers always say hello and good morning to me when i arrive.
I've tried other studios that have more of a gym feel to them.
Coach ty cane is more than a trainer.
I love this la fitness!
I see linda 4-5 times a week for personal training and she kicks ass!
Don't know where i would be today in the gym if it wasn't for her.
The kids enjoyed a full hour of fun gymnastic activities that were totally age appropriate and energy consuming.
I love traditional bootcamp classes but really hate cardio for the most part.
This one had a nice mix of weight training (1-4 lb weights) and using your own body weight as resistance.
I have been with physiques personal training for 2 1/2 years and cannot say enough about how great they are.
Craig tinnelle is the best personal trainer as far as achieving real results, and motivating you to keep going.
I have learned a tremendous amount about training, muscle building, and nutrition.
5 stars for the staff and cleanliness of the gym.
With that said, i usually come to this gym after 9 pm, and it is absolutely empty.
I do, however, hate their layout for free weights.
I finally found a gym that i like.
This newest planet fitness just opened north of az mills on priest and southern.
You will feel right at home with these amazing trainers.
I did a groupon for 2 months at pulse fitness.
What a nice gym!
They describe themselves as a "boutique gym" - i like it!
The cardio equipment has personal tvs, which always keeps me going longer.
Overall, great little gym!
Anyways, long story short i am new to the world of crossfit and being back at a gym.
Our trainer for that time is typically zach.
The trainers are some of the greatest teachers.
So, why join here rather than a cheaper gym?
Personal coaching each session includes an master trainer who takes personal time with each member.
Collaborative training  working out alone is more comfortable - and that's why it doesn't seem to work for me.
This is the gym you've been looking for!
I've been going to this gym for years, and i love it.
But rest assured you will have every aspect of fitness covered with flywheel\flybarre and the fly team.
I purchased not only a membership, but a personal training package for 6 months.
I have an excellent personal trainer named amy foran, who is motivating and supportive.
The gym is clean, and i see cleaning people walking around disinfecting equipment all of the time.
Love the little gym.
I love this gym!!
Most importantly, i have been working with a trainer, justin w., who is the best trainer i've ever worked with.
A great gym for women.
Trainers always make sure the classes keep the equipment clean!
Maybe i am jaded by my regular planet fitness location, but this place was amazing!
It starts with the owners/trainers and attracts like-minded people, all of whom are welcoming from the get-go.
The trainers are watchful - making modifications as necessary, yet challenging us to our limits - safely.
I'm working my way back to fitness, so the proper balance of cheer and challenge is key.
Orange theory fitness happy valley promotes a supportive, fun environment to help members of all fitness levels enjoy success.
I have lost weight and inches while gaining confidence and better health!
Wife and i decided to get our fit on so we signed up at mountainside fitness platinum.
This particular gym is exactly what we were looking for.
It's small but has enough machines/weights to work with.
Love that we can hit up either this gym or the desert ridge location.
The classes are filled with members in all levels of fitness.
I would highly recommend checking snj fitness out if you are a personal trainer as your clients will appreciate it!
I cut my sessions with my trainer because flywheel is just well... fun!
A clean total fitness center.
Not only did i start working out regularly, i gained a ton of nutritional information from the trainers and staff.
The trainers are also fantastic at this location.
I love all the trainers, but my fave is dan.
You can join at any fitness level and see results if you are committed.
Just a quick update: mountainside fitness is doing a minor renovation and recently moved its locker room upstairs.
The renovation added some additional floorspace to the gym.
This would have been a good opportunity to add to their somewhat limited weight machine selection.
So far, the space is being used to hold some additional free weights and kettle balls.
I was looking for something different than just a regular gym and double down did just that.
I've been training with brittany s. since last november.
I price checked all the gyms in east mesa.
I couldn't have picked a better gym to start getting fit in.
The trainers are amazing and recognize your strengths and weaknesses.
A well equipped gym is an invaluable tool and snap covers all the basics.
Right of center is the majority of the free weights.
This is also the area they hold the intensity group fitness classes.
Snap fitness really is a nice place to get a workout in.
New equipment, cardio theater room, tanning, spinning room, great staff!
I'd had one before at a previous gym and it was great.
Competitive fitness is a small gym with a big personality.
I think i gained more knowledge about fitness during this visit than i ever had in my entire life.
I've never felt that level of community and enthusiasm in a gym and it really does help.
Tomorrow i will start my regular training.
A trainer is there to walk through the proper way to do the exercises and to help along the way.
It's a great way to think about training and fitness and i'm looking forward to the next few weeks here.
The trainers here are top notch and it's a beautiful place to work out!
Physiques is unlike any other gym in the valley!
The owner, craig, is the type of trainer that doesn't let you quit.
Also, fight capital is the original mma gym in las vegas!
I have trained with adam and would follow his advice and review on anything fitness related.
He is a no nonsense trainer that believes in simplicity and functionality.
Any gym is only as good as its trainers.
Flex fitness has really been a great change from my previous direction-less workouts.
I really like the small group training (3-4 at a time at most, usually).
I was used to being an anonymous gym-goer at a big chain gym.
Johnny and steven are the absolute best trainers, very friendly and non intimidating.
From novice gym-goers to bodybuilders to powerlifters.. this gym is for everyone.
I found coach cane because he trained my husband for a physique competition.
Since i wanted to lose some weight and get toned i started training with him as well.
All the people who train with him get results which is something i haven't seen before.
So if you are looking for a fitness club this would be an excellent choice.
I was looking to buy an elliptical like the ones at the gym.
Anyway, i wanted to find a gym/studio that has work out classes that aren't the usual run of the mill.
Ilkb is a great place to work out no matter what your level of fitness is.
The gym is very clean and open with classes throughout the day.
I've done their online training and i've trained with them in-person.
They're honest, understanding and supportive during your weight loss journey.
I always felt welcomed and encouraged, no matter my appearance, my weight and no matter my experience level.
Their healthy, personalized guidance to weight-loss is wonderful.
Great gym, clean, relaxing environment.
I built a lot of muscle at this gym.
Best gym in the steele creeke area by far.
Its a large and open gym with tons of equipment.
The gym is super clean with clean locker rooms.
Awesome cardio cinema room that you never get bored of.
You really cant ask for anymore from a gym.
The gym is rather small and when it gets crowded it can be quite difficult to get a routine done.
Sam and the other trainers are so fabulous and keep you motivated throughout the tough daily workout.
Awesome gym with great equipment!
It is a no frills type gym and the price reflects it.
Free weights, circuit machines, spin bikes, a recumbent and elliptical and treadmills.
I've worked out at plenty of gyms during my life.
Truhit is by far the most enjoyable experience i've had at a gym.
The workouts are challenging, but most importantly each trainer takes the time to get to know you personally.
I tried simply cardio after working out at orange theory for about 6 months.
This gym worked a lot better for me mainly because they don't have any class times.
Simply cardio makes it super convenient just drop in and get it done.
There is always variety but plenty of modifications for injuries and fitness level.
There aren't a lot of training programs that accommodate so many levels so well in one session.
I love using otf as an example for my students as a current training program that is exceptionally well done.
Gym has great equipment, all round very good value!
I'm only in my second week but can't say enough great things about knockout fitness!
I love the schedule options for the classes and the weights and cardio equipment available for your use.
The staff and trainers are welcoming, knowledgeable and encouraging.
The workouts are hard but it's so rewarding and i love that the trainers concentrate on your form as well!
The classes are amazing and the equipment is a huge step up from la fitness.
After going to several la fitness i decided i like this one at best!
And if you gonna get a trainer i really recommend vlad!
Stax did an amazing special at the end of 2016 to try out their new fitness offerings for free.
I was dedicated to showing up, and the trainers helped with the rest.
Huge coming from someone who hated stepping into the gym prior to that.
Planet fitness here in mesa is amazing!
I have absolutely nothing bad to say about planet fitness.
Joined mountainside a few weeks ago and signed up for personal training.
I am so lucky to have luz as a trainer.
Planet fitness has many very enjoyable gyms throughout the valley of the sun.
The staff and trainers that work here are all enthusiastic, helpful and knowledgeable.
As a model, pf has everything you could want in a fitness facility.
At this point, group fitness classes are oriented around the use of equipment or body weight resistance exercises.
Trainers also provide black card members with services without additional cost.
In my strongest opinion i feel like this is the planet fitness there is right now.
Parking isn't great, but what gym has stellar parking?
Want to compete with top athletes in the industry and get the correct training and nutrition knowledge?
Artie knows his stuff and is the best trainer around!
I drive  here twice every week from north scottsdale because i have been to most gyms in the valley.
The gym is always clean and machines always available.
Orange theory provided my with a fun environment and trainers that helped me achieve my goals.
Great for whatever fitness level you are at!
I didn't want the typical gym feel so i decided to try pure barre.
I've been a member of this gym for three months.
All equipment is kept clean, but some of the hand weights are getting old.
I have never used the "gym floor" with treadmills or free weights.
There's a pretty jacked trainer walking around, so you know he knows what he's doing.
I hate to see skinny trainers telling me what to do.
There's also a regular gym-style "bonus" area attached for your cardio.
You can mix it up here with some weight lifting, as opposed to lifting your own fat.
Vegas fitness is always been great to me and my girl.
The pricing for training is completely reasonable and my trainer and friend nick has changed my life.
Etc., knockout fitness might just be for you.
I love the interval training!
I really enjoy the trainers lori & roman- they're fun, kind, helpful & really motivating!
I went to fitness avenue store in person to buy some dumbbells.
If you want cheap quality products for your gym, this is your place.
My favorite classes are cardio reformer and trx.
Who can resist a shiny new gym?
Being rather gym shy, i appreciate this feature.
During the off hours feels like your personal fitness center.
This is always a clean gym.
I prefer a clean gym with no idiots and no broken warn out equipment.
They just don't want meatheads dropping weights and being assholes.
So you don't want to go pick up weights before a set?
I was thoroughly impressed with this gym...err...workout facility.
There's tons of equipment in this gym and it's all nice and new.
No...this is a pretty person gym.
This gym will suit the needs of 80% of the people.
Lots of cardio equipment.
Limited weight lifting machines.
Planet fitness strives to maintain a judgement free gym.
I spend my time with crossfit or at a gym lifting some weights, generally.
During the round, the instructor comes to each person and has them complete the combo as a boxing trainer would.
Amazing core and cardio workout.
Even if you workout somewhere else, this is a perfect cardio/core supplement.
Felt like i was at my hime cf gym   had a great time.
Really great master trainers, especially maria (annie), who's been my trainer for the last year.
She's very knowledgeable about fitness and nutrition, and really pushed me to achieve my next fitness goals.
I highly recommend her and this la fitness location!
I work out at the jabz fitness on 32nd street and north of shea.
Many cardiovascular machines, nautilus equipment and weights, including some machines i've never seen before.
They hook you up initially with a personal trainer.
The one i met, tj, was personable and knew what he was doing, providing appropriate exercises and training.
They will try to sell you personal training services, but it was pretty much of a soft sell.
This is an incredibly clean gym, professional staff, very knowledgeable and friendly.
The training was legit.
Vigorous warm-ups and kick-ass training partners.
I've visited bjj gyms all over the country and this is for sure one of the best ones out there.
If i ever found myself in pittsburg for any extended amount of time, i wouldn't hesitate joining this gym.
I will perhaps never go back to a typical gym doing the same ole', same ole' ever again.
It was functional training at it's finest!
I attend the 9am mwf boot camp class and the tues/thurs redline high intensity interval training (hiit) class.
Great blend of cardio and strength training!
There are people of all different fitness levels in the classes.
I signed up with this gym about a week ago and i'm very happy with it.
I had stopped going for several years, and went to a couple of different gyms.
Not as big as major gyms, but this does not bother me.
The staff don't have a holier than thou attitude like other gyms.
Makes the 45 minute cardio task fly by and whips you into shape in no time.
This gym is great for any level of athlete.
The gym environment is clean, friendly, and very well equipped.
After rehabbing my knee i started working with the athletic sports performance trainer chris!
Great place to get one on one training to meet specific needs.
Drew does an excellent job assessing each of his clients to ensure they are maximizing their time in the gym.
I have continued to workout at this gym over a year later.
My husband and i cannot say enough good things about this gym.
I've been a member of mountainside fitness for 5 years and wouldn't change a thing.
The gym equipment and the facilities are great but the it's the core fitness trainers that are the best.
All the staff at the gym are friendly and helpful and make you feel like you truly belong.
Crossfit cle is one amazing gym!
The trainers are dedicated and driven, always involved and pushing you through a workout when you are dead tired.
The trainers are extremely invested in making everyone at the gym better no matter what your skill level.
It's a great gym and community.
My dad even commented on how helpful the trainers were when he wanted to give up.
This gym offers everything you need and then some, no matter what your goals are.
It offers a great variety of weight training machines and cardio machines.
I recommend this gym to all my friends and none have complained thus far.
Mountainside fitness platinum is awesome!
It's a smaller gym compared to the other msf gyms.
It's like having a trainer but half the cost.
I look forward to my work-outs because the trainers make it fun!
Great gym and great prices.
Only $10/month and it's a pretty big gym with all the usual equipment.
When you step foot into this gym, make sure you are actually ready to work.
The trainers know what they are doing and really care about your results and progress.
I was passing through and found stout training center.
My trainer shawn is by far the most experienced and professional trainer i have ever had.
Anytime fitness is a great place to get a workout in.
The gym is always in tip top shape in terms of cleanliness and organization.
Was in town for the evening and needed a place to train.
It was a friday, which isn't a great day for training where i'm from.
There were two separate training floors, both quite large.
I can see why hundreds of people train here on a regular basis.
It's a great gym.
I attended the grand opening and what a gym!
If my past experience with goodlife fitness clubs are any indication, their service is pretty decent.
Looking forward to using this gym and welcoming any yelper's to drop in for a tour.
I have been to crossfit, lifetime fitness, orange theory, and barre.
Truhit airpark is by far the best gym in town!
Fortunately, they also have open gym times so we're able to get her in there several times a week.
I have had quite a few gym membership and so far this is best yet!
I can't speak for the pool and weight room because i haven't been in them.
Nice gym not too busy even at rush hour.
There are not enough water fountains in this gym.
Need more free weights.
Over all i like this gym alot, its quick in and out love the covered parking at gilbert.
There are far fewer roid monkeys than the local la fitness club's.
You've seen the commercials but honestly...this gym is legit and for everyone.
If you have nerves about being in a gym and people judging you...please try this place.
Be nice if there were more stairmasters - but from past experiences the gym could be way worse
I have been coming to this planet fitness while my usual gym is under renovation.
Highly recommend this gym!
More than just a gym, its like an ot family.
We drive by two other gyms on our way to flames.
My daughter left one of those gyms recently and we are so very happy that we did.
They really renewed my daughters love for gymnastics again.
Crossfit has a very positive attitude and encouraging trainers.
They concentrate on every aspect of your fitness needs.
It's a way for them to gauge where your fitness level is.
The gym itself was pretty basic looking; then again you shouldn't let it discourage you.
I love orange theory fitness.
This gym is clean and the people are very friendly, they really help others to motivate you.
Adam was a great trainer, he was  very helpful to everyone.
I've tried many gyms in the area and struggled to find one that is clean.
This gym is extremely clean it also has plenty of room for its members so it's not over crowded.
Gyms are one of those places where you're not going to please everyone, hence some of the poorer reviews.
I've been to gyms all over the country and have worked out for many years.
This gym is a fine gym.
It's not a powerlifting gym, and it's not a zumba gym.
It's a place to lift weights and do cardio.
That should speak to the quality of the gym.
Actually, you'll feel pretty bad at most gyms you go to.
Visit many gyms in the surprise area and find one that's right for you.
This is a gym you call home.
All the advantages of an old school gym, but in a modern and clean environment.
Physiques gym provides you a personable and personalized experience revolving around your goals.
Unlike a typical corporate gym, here you'll have access to true expertise.
This place is an amazing gym.
Amazing people who know what they are doing and actually care about their clients top notch on training and nutrition.
Needless to say, this is the longest i've ever attended a crossfit gym!
The trainers here are very knowledgeable and motivating.
I started to eat better but working out at la fitness i was not changing or getting any healthier.
In september i started looking around and visited several crossfit gyms in the area.
The coaching is top notch, the people are amazing and the community this gym has is awesome.
Overall, though, it's a great gym.
Fortis is a no nonsense kind of gym with all the equipment you need for functional strength and power lifting.
Oh, how i wish i had kept my planet fitness membership instead of selling out and going to lvac!
Planet fitness is bare-bones.
Other gyms i've joined have made it so, so hard to cancel.
I miss this gym!
I love this gym!!
Super affordable and great trainers.
Facility is clean, never crazy packed and weights are always put back where they go.
I have personally been training with craig off and on for 9 years now.
I  am the worst person to train!
Craig is more then a personal trainer, he is a mentor, a coach, a teacher.
This isn't a la fitness, make up, and judgment are left at the door.
Way to go fitness connection!
"do you see that weight?
Congratulations and welcome to pulse fitness.
I  started my journey at pulse fitness on january 10th, signing up for the dc ranch biggest loser challenge.
I tried different gyms and different diets but they offered nothing more than a temporary fix.
Not one of these gyms, diets, trainers, programs have been able to make an all encompassing change in my life.
I have lost weight before, but never a meaningful long lasting way.
The biggest life lesson was my fitness diary.
I have never been to a gym that puts so much thought in to their workouts.
Boot camps and personal training sessions were never the same always different and challenging.
Pulse fitness is by far the most creative gym with their workouts!
Things i never dreamed of came true at this gym.
Look forward to working out, seeing friends at boot camp and especially making my trainers proud.
It is now my forth month at pulse fitness and i am currently down 54 pounds!
I am continuing my workouts at boot camp as well as with my amazing personal trainer todd.
It's been my go to gym for 10+ years.
This is officially my gym.
This is not the gym for you.... p.s.
Love all planet fitness locations
Great all around gym!
I went to 5 or 6 other gyms before drysdale's was recommended to me.
Immediately something felt different from the other gyms i visited.
The machines are kept in good condition and there are plenty of cardio machines to choose from.
If you're trying to lose weight, and want to avoid heavy lifting...then this is your perfect gym.
I went to work out, and found out ryan ehler's flex fitness location is closed.
The trainers are wonderful and will help you modify if you need it.
Two weeks in doing muay thai fundamentals at stout:  i'm really enjoying my training so far.
Been going to this gym for over a year now.
Love the variety of group fitness classes they have.
She will make it worth it, leaving the gym feeling like u got a really good workout!
Best la fitness location in the entire chain!
After work it gets crowded, and it is tough to find a spot in the free weight area....
When i belonged to a traditional gym, i was rarely motivated to go.
I have gotten better results working out here three times a week than i did with my old personal trainer.
This place is for all body types, ages, and fitness levels.
Orange theory is by far the best fitness training i have ever had.
The chandler heights / gilbert location has amazing trainers.
You would probably be better off with some athletic background or at least average/above average fitness level to keep up.
I've had the pleasure to begin training with adam at flex fitness.
I have sciatica and my back issues haven't prevented me from participating in the group training.
Awesome gym with friendly instructors, good vibes, and a really large facility #1 gym in vegas!
The trainers are amazing!!
She stated brian was well educated on health/fitness.
I absolutely love this gym.
Personally, my favorite classes are bikini bootcamp, body blast and core & cardio.
I pay the price for the convenience of having a gym so close to my condo.
I really enjoyed this gym.
I moved and wanted to find a gym closer to my home.
I visited this anytime fitness location while visiting las vegas.
The gym was very clean and not packed like i expect from af.
If you're thinking about joining anytime fitness - this is the location you're looking for.
The trainers are incredible and so encouraging regardless of your fitness level/goals!
I've been going to this gym for over a year now.
This is the first gym that i have gone to and stuck with.
There are people of all different fitness levels participating in the workouts so there is never any judgment.
Plenty of cardio machines, circuit area is great and lots of machines for weight training.
There are all fitness types and levels in every class.
I've taken classes with elza, roman and c-train.
Visiting from florida, this anytime fitness is very superior to my usual facility, although it is 20% the size.
This gym is great.
I really liked this gym for the eclectic equipment.
They had things other gyms dont just because of the half crossfit part they try to incorporate.
Clientele: i include this because i think it matters at a gym.
A lot of gym rats and people that care about their fitness.
This planet fitness is clean and has an excellent atmosphere.
I have attended classes at core led by eric and kane and am currently doing personal training with eric.
Customers at core receive exercises and workout strategies that combine rehab and increased physical fitness.
Not a huge gym but i love it.
Also a tiny but clean and well maintained gym that we use use often.
There is a large variety of fitness classes available throughout the day for every age & fitness level.
Best gym in town!
Not only is the price unbeatable but the perks of this gym are amazing!
This is also the cleanest gym i've ever been to and the people here are so friendly.
I've found my forever gym!!
I've had a membership at just about every gym out there and this gym beats all of them.
Since i was accustomed to hiit training, i was really hesitant to try pure barre at first.
Of all the pf gyms in the valley.
I defiantly recommend this to anyone whether you need to lose weight or tone up.
I recently joined the fitness club to appease my fiance, and give her a work out buddy.
They even have a cardio cinema where you can watch a daily movie while you exercise!
They offer the trx training, which i am getting ready to do.
This gym is really quite unique and beneficial for anyone at any level of fitness.
I have been to several classes and worked with 4 different trainers, katie, tiffany(had me doing cartwheels on recess!
I fly into vegas monthly for work and this is my go-to gym when i'm in town.
I don't see anyone chit chatting and hogging up the benches or weights or acting foolish to impress the chicks.
The gym itself is very clean, with well operating equipment that is kept in good condition.
I switched here from la fitness and am so much happier.
I never received the high pressure sales tactics for memberships or trainers that i did at la fitness.
There are lots of scheduling options and open gym.
I just starting taking boxing classes this week at knockout fitness.
I also do personal training with daniel - who is amazing and so motivational.
The best gym i've ever belonged to.
I was visiting family here in surprise and needed a gym for a few days.
This was the first gym to pop on google maps so i gave them a call requesting a day pass.
The gym has the illusion of being very big with the high ceiling which is nice.
The free weight/machines area was large and not cramped.
If i lived here this would probably be my gym of choice.
The trainers are not only well versed in personal training but they are so easy to work with as well!
They have added in a brand new trampoline which makes classes, birthday parties, and open gym a great experience!
Mountainside is a very clean gym with employees driven with keeping the guests happy.
That little pill makes you gain weight at an exponential rate it's insane.
Trainers are awesome and classes are fantastic!
Rj offers very knowledgeable, thorough and effective work-out plans and yoga classes on all levels of fitness.
I highly recommend anytime fitness for any one improving and/or maintaining a high-level fitness, strength, flexibility and endurance.
The trainers are knowledgeable and they will work you hard so that you can achieve results.
At the same time though, they understand that people start out at different fitness levels and will adjust accordingly.
Time spent training with sue is paradigm shifting.
Anytime fitness has always treated me right.
Was on vacation in vegas and this gym was recommended by our coach.
:)   it's a great gym.
It's clean, tons of cardio equipment, lots of weight machines, and a really nice stretch area.
Planet fitness is all about beginners to moderate gym goers, just looking to stay healthy and generally fit.
It's like interval training.
It is usually pretty crowded, but so are all the other kid areas in other gyms.
Very clean and well maintained gym.
I definitely recommend this gym!
I have been coming to flex fitness since march of this year.
I have never been happier at a gym.
Thank you flex fitness!
Also, both the trainers and the people that attend could not be nicer or more supportive.
I can do circuit training one day, then cardio/ abs the next day, to polymetrics the following day.
My trainer, crystal is wonderful.
I will definitely keep her in the class and am now joining the gym myself!
I was nervous on my first day but was quickly welcomed i to the gym.
The training is well structured and thought out ensuring that you get the most out of your efforts.
I've been a member and training client since january 2014.
This is a great gym mainly because of the staff, especially the training staff.
But, what really makes this place great are the trainers.
One thing that i've noticed at other gyms is how they create confusing contracts and irreversible automatic monthly payments.
This gym was nothing like that.
My transactions consisted of a polite conversation with my trainer who took care of everything for me.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone in this neighborhood.
Fitness classes, like zumba and aerobics, are also included in the annual pass.
Is clean, i didn't have to ditch out 100 bucks to join a gym like la fitness, or the others.
There are so many idiots at those other gyms trying to impress and it's annoying.
You don't need $158 to join la fitness when all you need is 10 bucks at planet fitness.
I haven't used personal trainers there but i've seen them in action and am less than impressed.
In addition, phil, one of the owners and coaches, came up and introduced himself and showed me around the gym.
If you are acquainted with anyone medical, you may know that residency training is extremely difficult and rigorous.
The trainers at this location are perfect!!!!
I am a member of ufc gym in huntington beach and i was in phoenix az visiting.
It ruined my whole workout and experience with this gym.
The trainer ali did a great job with his class.
The amount of running is minimal, and the circuit training structure keeps things fresh and quick.
The place is very clean with plenty of cardio equipment.
Very hip group of trainers.
I don't think i have ever been in the same room with someone who is as *pro-fitness* as daren.
Orange theory is a great happy medium between a self-guiding your workout and hiring a trainer.
I feel kinda intimidated by the guy staff at this planet fitness lol.
I would prefer a gym with the extra activities but for the price it is a super deal!
I have been going to my fitness world since it opened and have had great experiences.
The trainers are all good at what they do and are very friendly to the customers.
An amazing gym for an amazing cause!
It is such a nice gym; everything is top of the line, brand new equipment.
I am losing weight, feeling great, having fun, and meeting some awesome people.
This facility has been a delight as a fitness center.
Join this gym, you will be happy with yourself for making a good decision, i know we are.
I've been to couple of other crossfit gyms - this spirit is not easy to find.
I am a huge fan of planet fitness!
The equipment is all new and i love the line of weight lifting machines they have.
This place is not intimidating at all, which is unusual for a gym.
They don't provide towels and it's pretty minimal for a gym but they do have all the essentials.
Absolutely 100% the best gym i've ever been to!
I love the workouts, the atmosphere, the results, & the trainers.
I'm currently a member of this particular la boxing gym (have been for almost a year).
Some of the instructors also use the medicine ball and throw in some speedwork/agility training.
Despite your level of fitness, they try to make the environment fun, yet challenging.
At the gym, they encourage hard work and taking the class at your own pace.
For 3 years i was a subscriber to "chronic cardio" as my form of exercise.
I'd recommend this gym to anyone looking for a unique and challenging way to get in shape.
I found this gym much more comfortable than lvac.
My wife and i just transfered our memberships from mountainside fitness to here and couldn't be more pleased.
We use the treadmills and weights often and also use the total body systems.
For 29.99 a month u cant beat this gym.
Then we moved into the weight area.
Dev'ron the instructor assisted me in choosing what weights would work for me in the various exercises.
There is a large turf area, weight training area and basketball court.
That being said i think $99 is a fair monthly rate for personalized small group training.
What a nice planet fitness, super new and fresh.
Very clean, no other gym offers this quality for the price.
It's a shame they'll be exiting the az market and that i'll be transitioned to la fitness.
My trainer was super upbeat and motivating and by the end i was exhausted but happy with my results!
Great, knowledgeable trainers who create challenging workouts.
I'm the strongest i've been in my life thanks to this gym.
I love orangetheory fitness because it guarantees a great workout every single session.
These guys and gals absolutely understands fitness and unmatched quality of customer service.
This gym opened sometime last year so everything is new, which is awesome!
No other gym does that ever!
I would never go back to la fitness or any other gym, really.
Planet fitness has all that i need for a $20 membership.
I have always just taken the group fitness classes at this gym, but recently i started resistance training with tyrell.
Photos of gym attached.
I have been a planet fitness member for about 2 years and been a member of 3 different facilities.
We scheduled a training session with her for form correction on our major lifts and she expertly diagnosed our issues.
I started crossfit training at tribal crossfit about 3 months ago.
I've never been this enthusiastic about training.
That's the thing though, i truly look forward to training with jake and my fellow athletes.
If you are considering a new gym or workout routine, you should look into crossfit.
This is a tough workout every time, and the trainers make sure you don't plateau.
I pictured a gym full of boxing professional type of guys you know those types of places.
If you are going to go to fitness connection, this is the one to go to.
This is not a typical gym.
I recommend this gym, and it's philosophy for helping you achieve your goals.
The trainers were always ready and prepared, even at 5 am.
Excellent gym, great owner.
Childcare, yoga, gymnastics and barbell classes make this the best box, hands down!
This is an all around conditioning gym.
The facility inside the gym is also amazing.
This is a very nifty medium sized fitness center with an excellent variety of modern equipment (cardio, weight machines, etc.).
I have been to the anytime fitness facilities in phoenix, glendale, and tucson.
Well done anytime fitness.
Some characters there but then again there are ones at every gym.
I would recommend to anyone this gym and this location.
In my humble opinion, it's the best gym out there!
I have been a member of this great fitness center since early 2017.
They go the extra mile to help you achieve your fitness goals.
I've been to all types of gyms.
The typical treadmill gym, ladies only gyms even the weight lifting gyms and none seem to do it for me.
Here's what i love about all out fitness  1.
Knowledgeable trainers who can actually do what they are teaching  2.
I love this location because of the trainer.
This gym is ok.
They have a lot of new equipment, and a large area for functional training, which is very nice.
If you just need to get cardio done, golden, they have so many cardio options.
That being said, cardio is not my main reason for going to the gym.
The trainers are a blast to work with.
I'm a gym hopper i get sick of gyms easily.
The brand new gym still has the novelty of being brand new so it's busy all the time.
The free weights section is always busy, lots of people love to look at themselves so it's a popular spot.
Gym etiquette is not really observed here many treat it like it's someone else's job to put their weights away.
Fear not my fellow doughblob because planet fitness is huge!!!!
Awesome gym, friendly staff.
Not to detract from the gym though.
Great trainers and everyone just wants to help each other out.
The trainers are great; i workout with aj....he knows his stuff...i am glad a walked in randomly!
Great gym, great people.
Plenty of squat racks, machines, free weights and cardio equipment.
I do feel the free weight area is a little cluttered though, but overall a solid place to work out.
After several months of training i couldn't be happier with the results.
This is my favorite mountainside fitness because it is the only one close that has a full court for basketball.
I thought i hated cardio, but they switch it up all the time so it doesn't get boring.
All the trainers are great.
I'm getting better results than i had with a personal trainer and it costs way less!
This is one of our favorite gyms in the las vegas and surrounding area.
If you've read our other reviews (particularly of gyms and dining establishments), you know cleanliness is king.
We were pleased to see this is one of the cleanest gyms we have been to.
The workout area has all the equipment you'd expect from a planet fitness and even has foam rollers.
The workout area may be cramped during busier times, as the gym is large, but that is a minimal issue.
The employees at this planet fitness were very polite and professional.
This is among the nicest planet fitnesses in the area and we look forward to returning.
I started with ryan at flex fitness about 2 years ago.
This may look like just another gym on the outside however, it is so much more!
I have gained valuable friendships, motivation, and support in more ways then just fitness advice.
I basically got my life back because of this gym!
After rehabbing my knee i started working with the athletic sports performance trainer chris!
Knockout fitness is an absolutley great place to workout!
I love this gym.
I would recommend for all levels of fitness and experience.
I really like this gym and the people who work here too.
I got a gym membership on june 10th.
It's a smaller gym but they still have pretty much everything.
Connor actually trained me today.
Bottom line, i love this gym.
There are 6 personal trainers.
But it's the perfect gym for me and i love how i can actually connect with the staff here.
Oh and i get to meet my personal trainer rebecca on saturday.
Can't find a better deal then planet fitness at only 10.00 a month with no contract.
About time scottsdale got its planet fitness and its down the street from office, which is a plus.
Not only do they train your body but they motivate and inspire the mind and spirit too.
I am in my mid-forties and of average fitness level.
The trainers really "think outside the box"  to keep things challenging, fun and effective.
Let me change that, i'm less fat now than when i started at competitive fitness a week ago.
The training staff is awesome, encouraging, challenging, and intelligent.
Desert ridge location:  personal training: i've really enjoyed the semi personal personal training classes.
I have also lost weight too!
I have spent the most amount of time training with alissa and she is absolutely fabulous.
I absolutely would recommend her as a trainer.
This instant feedback correlates with my weight loss and overall improvement in cardio.
No matter your weight, size, or goal, there's a place for everyone at otf.
I love that this gym is fully staffed 24 hours a day, and all of the equipment is immaculately maintained.
I can't say enough about this gym.
I love the fact that there are many choices regarding cardio equipment.
This gym is in the perfect location and ideal for this family oriented desert ridge area.
I switched over from a gym that i was going to for over 15 years.
I am overweight and out of shade and this class was great!
The trainers are awesome at core.
They setup individual training programs for you to follow and mix up the programs to keep you interested.
It's never too busy like the big box gyms.
The gym is currently under construction (bye full size bball court!
I haven't been to a gym in years....too many years.
I joined planet fitness yesterday on my son's recommendation.
Being unsure about joining a gym, the price was perfect for me, too.
And i like that i can use the planet fitness by my work as well as the one in chandler.
I marched in here prepared for battle royale the day i decided to get a gym membership.
As for the gym itself, it has everything a humble weakling like me could possibly want.
Of freeweights and cardio machines, and some resistance machines based on air pressure that i barely understand how to use.
I miss my former gym family, but this is a good fit for now!
There are a great selection of times throughout the day that include crossfit, open gym and barbell club.
Staff is polite and helpful and the trainers do a good job.
Would definitely recommend vegas fitness to anyone looking to get in shape in the new year.
I had previously spent the 8 years prior going to a typical fitness gym for strength training and cardio.
They are well-trained, enthusiastic, and generally care about helping you get better and improve.
That's not why we go to the this gym, so thanks you for makeing a place for people like us.
So there is without a doubt this is the only gym to go to not just vegas but nevada.
The classes are hard but the trainer's are positive and motivating.
Definitely recommend this gym
We are on our way to our fitness goals and have a new found strength we did not think possible!
Stout training pittsburgh hosts workshops on a fairly regular basis.
Some background on me i have been working out with trainers for 3 years.
I have lost no weight but my before and after speaks for itself.
Great gym & awesome people.
Decent gym, always clean and never too crazy busy.
Its a really nice gym with very nice amenities.
All the cardio equipment have individual tvs.
There is an abundance of free weights and machines.
I like that there is a crossfit rig with rubber weights so you can do cleans, snatches, and other metcons.
This is a wonderful gym, whether you are an experienced athlete, or someone getting back into the swing of things.
I'm completely in love with this gym!
I'm not a big fan of large overcrowd franchise gyms....and this is the exact opposite.
We visited the gym and the owner gave us a tour.
Great gym, they have tumbling and gymnastics, love that they have adult gymnastics classes, and rigging for aerial apparatus!
Even if you have never done gymnastics, regardless of age, they have a class for you.
I contribute this to the enthusiasm, professionalism and follow through of the trainers.
This unique system along with individual trainers and scheduled times makes for fast results.
Hours: 5:15am - 8:30pm  for more information: flexfitaz.com/get-started  i 5/5 highly recommend flex fitness.
I have never been able to consistently go to a gym.
It's all the average gym goer needs and never closes.
I love this gym.
I'm a hockey fan and you can see into the ice den from the gym.
All the trainers are cool and nice and they can work with you on personal training costs:)
I've been with elle fitness before they were at this location, and when they were still called flirty girl fitness.
I really enjoy having an all girls gym.
Overall i am very pleased with mountainside fitness and i have recommended it to my friends.
Health and wellness, fitness, and maintaining a great diet requires a lot of hard and a lot of discipline.
I recently checked it out and was pleasantly surprised with the facility and the trainers.
It really was a beautiful introductory to the gym and family that i am now apart of.
Never again will i look at a regular gym (24hour fitness, anytime fitness, etc.)
The packages vary depending on how often one would like to train.
The trainer pj was friendly, professional and caring throughout our session.
I've been working out at this gym for 4 years and have no real complaints.
Unfortunately, i decided to pick a gym closer to where i was living in tempe.
A properly equipped crossfit gym.
Never going back to a regular gym.
Metabolic and functional strength training at its finest.
What an incredibly great decision i made to become a member of anytime fitness.
It had been ages since i had visited a gym and i really did not know what to expect.
David, the owner, is my personal trainer and the best way to describe him is: funny, personable, and totally professional.
The gym is clean, bright and contains just about any type of fitness equipment you can think of.
I highly recommend this gym!
Pros:  because it is a smaller gym,  they strategically chose each piece of equipment.
For weight machines, they have three smith machines.
This gym is awesome!
I have been a member at several gyms, but this is by far the best one by far.
As well this gym has 24 hour access,  unlimited classes, smoothie bar, and tanning.
Not to mention membership prices at other gyms make joining club fitness an easy choice as their prices are phenomenal.
I joined this gym in 2010, and have seen it grow and consistently improve through the years.
I am definitely proud to be a member of club fitness.
Going to a gym would not have given me that encouragement.
This is my local goodlife fitness.
This review will be rather short because as we all know a gym is a gym.
They are lacking in weighted machines and you may often need to weight for a machine to open up.
They do have numerous cardio equipment and great classes.
Downstairs there is a circuit training area and a nice gym.
Really super nice, clean, no frills gym.
My home gym is in daly city, ca.
I don't like to run, or row, or lift weights.
Their trainers were upbeat and did a nice job adjusting my movements so i didn't hurt myself.
I am excited that fitness connection is now open for 24 hours.
Thank goodness for the women's only gym.
Dominic is such a amazing training/motivator.
With diet, weight training, and cardio.
I reached a plateau in my weight loss, so decided to ramp up my cardio with boxing.
I would highly recommend knockout fitness to anyone- even if you're not quite fit, don't be intimidated.
Knockout fitness welcomes everyone and you'll feel so accomplished when you leave there!
The gym even offers free wi-fi!
I joined this gym cause it was close to me.. the price is amazing.
I can honestly say that i felt like i was back at my home gym.
Absolutely love the community that's grown from this still young and new gym.
At my old gym, they had lysol wipes for a while, but management axed them due to budget cuts.
At my other gym, i felt like a number.
No matter what your level of fitness, trust me, you want to muv.
I always have a challenging workout and trainers are amazing.
I worked as a personal trainer here for over 2 years.
The facility is of good size and is fully equipped including an outdoor turf area for training drills.
I gained a lot of weight and felt uncomfortable.
I accomplished this....you will love the trainers and the staff.
I have been coming to this gym for over a year now.
I have lost a total of 125 lbs with the help of my awesome trainer, blake!!!
I would highly recommend the core concept trainers.
I left la fitness and joined planet fitness and was afraid to make the change, but haven't looked back!
The gym is nice and clean the staff say hi and bye.
I've never seen any gym or spin class do this before.
Second--this gym is awesome!
I signed up for training with andrea, and she's worth every penny!
The gym is immaculate, roomy, and friendly.
This is by far the most success i have ever had with one gym.
The trainer tim deloch is amazing!
The workouts combine a hybrid of crossfit & trx training over a one hour period.
This gym is really supportive as a group.
I like this gym because it covers, nutrition, fitness training and the support of attendees and trainers is out standing!
Improved my running and overall fitness a ton.
Its a no frills gym.
Weights, bags, tires, etc.
When visiting my corporate office, i couldn't ask for a better gym to have at access.
Lord knows those hotel gyms cant hold a candle to a real one!
It's a nice new approach to tried and true work out styles (treadmills, rowers, free weights, burpees).
I've been a member of 24 hour fitness for a little over 4 years.
Anyway...overall, i would recommend 24 hour fitness if you're looking for a no frills gym.
When you join gordy's you're joining a family not just a gym.
Best basketball trainer around.
Their programming fits the needs of all skill levels and their coaches are very well trained.
This is the gym for those people who are new to crossfit.
This is a beautiful gym.
It reminds me of lifetime fitness but more affordable.
I would also reccomend their trainers.
Great gym in the valley.
But he was also clear well rounded training being a priority for their health and injury prevention.
They have a variety of training tools available,  including machines,  weights,  ropes,  etc.
Our daughters started private training and loved their first session!
They also offer group training.
I come here for the adult gymnastics on monday nights from 7:30-9pm.
Highly recommend for anyone who wants to learn gymnastics!
The trainers at this location are excellent.
This gym is a true workout for every level of ability.
The gym inside was felt humid and really warm.
Yuck day three of membership: went home after work and sat around until 6:45pm to go to the gym.
Still very busy but at least i could get a parking spot and hop on a cardio machine right away.
All around, nice gym with all the works.
To give some back ground,  this is the 3rd gym i've attended and signed up for.
I only attended the specialty classes (yoga, gymnastics, barbells, redline) which definitely pushed me out of my comfort zone.
I knew i wanted to sign up for this gym by the time the challenge was over.
It's this diversity helps everyone feel welcome and "trusting" to start their fitness routine.
They have everything you would ever need, the staff is very friendly, and the gym is very clean.
I'm not a gym rat, hanging out for 2-3 hours a day is not my idea of fun.
I've never had issues with creepy dudes which i've seen take place at other gyms.
Facilities are clean which is very important in a sweaty gym.
The fitness center just under went a renovation, they have all new work out equipment.
The instructors are highly-competent professionals who are fully engaged in their work, and they each have a unique training style.
Obviously any membership-based fitness program will have detractors, usually over some trivial contract issue.
I loved the weights/weight machines area with it's openness and plenty of room.
The cardio machines were nice in themselves with the individual tv's, but the set up is weird.
I enjoy coming to this gym!
It has a lot more to offer than any of the other golds gyms!
The cardio area is huge!!
The gym is quiet and everyone is respectful to each other's space.
This gym is clean and doesn't have that typical funky sweaty smell!
Lots of options between group workouts, digital classes, one on one training, yoga and i'm sure i'm forgetting some stuff!
First of all the price of membership is awesome especially being you can visit any golds gym in the country.
Second, it is very clean...the cleanest gym i've ever been in and i've been to alot!
I don't know what more people can ask for in a gym.
La fitness does the same thing.
Great value, great gym!
The gym now has free wifi, supplements, and energy drinks?!
Now i can watch netflix at the gym and get my protein shake on with ease.
The best part of my experience was the personal training that i had for several months from drew.
The workouts that he set up basically revolutionized how i go about with weight lifting and flexibility exercises.
But at stout training pittsburgh, goodness is at their core.
Checked around and found this awesome crossfit gym.
This is my favorite la fitness by far.
Much better than any of the other la fitnesses in the area and stays open later too
Being from so cal i felt like i was at home visiting la fitness in scottsdale.
Background   i absolutely stand by my first review and if anything, flex fitness just keeps getting better!
I contribute this to the enthusiasm, professionalism and follow through of the trainers.
Service experience   this unique system along with individual trainers and scheduled times makes for fast results.
Well anyone who knows about boxing, knows this gym is iconic.
Their gym rates are very reasonable, staff very courteous.
He's an expert in everything: weight loss, cardio, developing core strength/lean muscle, injury prevention/rehab, improving posture, he does it all.
The facility is very clean i highly recommend this gym.
The gym equipment is top notch, clean, never crowded and they have free fitness class of all sorts.
I encourage many to train here...
Never leaving to another gym.
I'm going to keep coming here and now that this gym will continue to improve.
This is a good gym to get some late night cardio in.
They also have tanning and a water massage table available to add to your fitness plan if wanted.
Overall a very good option for lifting/cardio/group fitness.
No appointments are necessary as i've experience at other gyms.
Overall very happy with this gym and is very reasonably priced.
We even have a special olympic weight lifting coach, a mobility instructor, free paleo seminars @ crossfit southend.
I am obsessed with elle fitness "bodies by elle" class but recently tried "fab firm" with karey.
I haaate going to the gym on mondays.
However, when i come to this la fitness, i hate things a little less.
I have worked out in a total of four la fitnesses, but this one has the best layout.
If you have an aggressive fitness goal or want to push yourself this is the place for you.
We have seen the weight come off and we are so much stronger than before.
Great trainers and the cost is low in comparison to other locations.
This is a real no nonsense gym for people who want to work out.
There is no shortage of machines or weights and several things you don't find in typical gyms.
Great gym to join.
The gym and staff are great!
Highly recommend getting a trainer here to get the results you're looking for!
This is a great family gym.
Good personal trainers provide new workouts and there are classes as well.
Best jiu jitsu gym in the state!
Very clean gym with a great atmosphere!
I haven't been to the gym in about eight years!
So as you can imagine, the whole gym scene is pretty intimidating to me right now.
I love planet fitness and their entire gym set up.
The trainers i frequently go to, c-train and michelle, are so uplifting, knowledgeable, and fun to work out with.
It seems as though most people either love this gym or hate it.
), and most of the male trainers are fairly decent.
Dumbbells go up to 120lbs, and they have tons of free weights and benches.
:)  he hates gyms - so this will be perfect for him!
The free weight area  (in pic above) was well stocked... but busy during prime time.
No cardio theatre/built in tvs... some flatscreens overhead.
The stride is a bit choppy and when elevated, they put a strain on my lower back.
La fitness sets a 1/2hr max time limit on them... annoying.
I didn't see cybex arc trainers... did see 2 rowing machines.
No competing for space to set a gym bag.
- the front desk and trainers were friendly and helpful.
Not pushy or disinterested (if you're not purchasing training/supplements).
2 people i talked to (1 was a trainer) had 10 days notice  but others had none.
Perhaps not as immense as lifetime fitness, but quite humongous, nonetheless.
You definitely get a much more personalized experience with bootcamp than you would at the 'big box' gyms.
They also offer personal training (hence the name) and zumba classes which i have heard great things about.
I can't say enough about physiques gym.
After doing some major research to locate a gym with a very high intensity and high accountability level.
We decided on  physiques gym.
This is by far the best off ice training he has ever experienced!
He loves physiques gym and is very proud to be a part of this gym and their dedication to success!
The trainers made me instantly feel comfortable and i knew i had their support from the minute i stepped in.
This gym has become my second home and wouldn't have it any other way.
I personally need the motivation of trainers to keep pushing myself and chad and his team are great.
I joined flex fitness on jan-3rd.
I think my highest weight was 287lbs.
I have dropped in at many gyms in the cleveland area as well as outside cleveland during travels.
Cle has top notch trainers.
These trainers are very experienced and know what they are talking about.
I train during the 11/12 class time and josh is the coach.
With crossfit, i am less concerned about the weight on the scale, and more about the weight on the bar.
Without solid trainers, it would have been impossible.
I know i will be able to achieve with the trainers here.
I began coming here in 2005 because it was the closest gym to where i was living at the time.
Plus they have a cold plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays.
For my money, this is the best gym in town.
I just starting taking boxing classes this week at knockout fitness.
Can't beat this for a well-rounded fitness option in north phoenix.
This gym is very clean, not overly busy, and i must reiterate... the staff is awesome!
My only reservation that i can't seem to release is the limited amount of free weights.
The gym has a large area for weight training and an amazing bathroom.
There is plenty of areas to stretch and exercise with free weights.
Her energy and encouragement throughout the workout makes me work hard and feel like i have my own personal trainer.
The workouts are different every single day, which makes going to the gym each day fun and interesting.
Personally, i hate straight cardio/running.
The camp builds cardio into their workouts so it is not monotonous, which is perfect for me.
All of the trainers at this location are awesome.
The trainers and staff are all willing to give advice and offer tips on the diet.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who needs the extra push to get back into shape.
Every trainer there motivates me to push harder.
This gym only gets crowded around 6-8pm and even then you still have numerous options to get your workout going.
All in all i do not see myself ever switching gyms.
I'm not usually one to leave reviews, but i felt compelled after a training session with jameen.
I would definetly recommend her to anyone looking to improve their personal fitness.
Everything about this gym just feels right!!!
From the warm welcome by owner david to the head trainer anthony.
This gym is also very spacious and has a great layout a+
I never considered myself much of a gym person.
With friends for fun but never really got into the "gym life."
So if you're looking for a different type of gym (not the grunting wifebeater joint) come try out muv.
I mainly come here for cardio and weight training.
This is the first gym i've ever been to without a scale.
I love this gym!!
Clean, well equipped gym, friendly staff.
It isn't a huge gym but it isn't as crowded as other gyms.
I have gone to many gyms, and this gym is truly unique!
Was visiting pittsburgh for a week and had the pleasure of training here.
Awesome gym, awesome coaches, awesome athletes!
After training and finishing a half marathon and feeling terrible afterwards i realized i needed to do something different.
At cfse the coaches care more about correct form and proper movements than how much weight you can lift.
I have always been a ' i hate cardio' person but i 'almost' enjoy it now.
My endurance has increased dramatically which has helped my martial arts training.
Plenty of cardio and weights, sauna and steam room, and gotta love the smoothie cafe
I am the epitome of the anti-gym person.
Diet shakes, diet pills, fasting, juice cleanses, crossfit, insanity, gym memberships- you name it, i've tried it.
Nothing has ever worked long term for me; i could never "fall in love" with anything fitness-wise...
Enter, orange theory fitness happy valley.
Every trainer here is amazing!
Thank you from the bottom of my heart otf-happy valley trainers!
I completely agree with the previous reviewer - this is a wonderful gym.
There is a large number of weight machines, universal machine, free weights, and cardio equipment.
It's not a large gym, but somehow the space totally works and there is more than enough equipment.
The front half of the gym is full of the cardio equipment.
The latter part of the gym and around the back contains all of the weight equipment.
There are machines for every muscle group and near the free weights there are 3 different universal machines.
There are numerous free weights, adjustable weights, kettle bells, medicine balls, and resistance bands.
This gym also offers trainer services and fitness classes.
I definitely recommend it for anyone in the area looking for a great, low pressure fitness place.
Recently, i joined mountainside fitness to focus on getting back in shape after a two year sabbatical.
Knowing i needed the accountability and extra push, i decided a personal trainer was the best route for me.
Luckily, i was introduced to professional physical fitness consultant and dedicated personal trainer, dylan flannery.
My time at the gym with him has become the highlight of my day!
I would highly recommend dylan as a personal trainer as he continues to go above all expectations that i had.
I think this is unfortunate & a missed opportunity for the gym & for potential members.
As far as the gym itself, it seems clean, the people working out are polite, and it's comfortable inside.
Have been training here consistently for the past 8 years and it's been an awesome experience.
Definitely the best place to train in arizona and the people here are like family to me.
Previous to coming to studiofit i had only worked out in a gym lifting weights and running on a treadmill.
Inner peaks is an amazing climbing gym.
I've seen better results from 3 months of pure barre than i did from 3 months of half marathon training.
I am absolutely in love with this gym!
Regardless of your experience and fitness, everyone comes out being challenged and stronger.
I cannot wait to finish out the month and i hope to continue my fitness journey with truhit!
The best thing about the facility is the reasonable rates, far cheaper than many of the other local gyms.
It's basically like working out with a personal trainer but much more affordable.
The classes and trainers are great and it's perfect for all fitness levels.
This is a trainer guided workout.
I paid $149/month at la fitness for 25 minutes per week with a personal trainer.
Plus i was under a contract for 1 year with the trainer.
Imho - one on one w/ a trainer allowed me to say, "i can't" if the workout got hard.
When you're in a trainer guided class with 23 other people, there was no "i can't", i just do it!
I highly recommend orange theory fitness!
Have a great personal trainer named nate if anyone is looking for one.
The trainers are very kind and motivating.
It's a pure spinning gym with friendly, fantastic instructors who will surely have you working hard throughout class.
Love 24 hour fitness!
The concept for rowers, trx and interval cardio is great!
The trainers here do a fantastic job motivating the class!
I come about 5 or 6 times a week and usually start in the gym and then climb.
Childcare is fantastic and a great feature for a gym.
Planet fitness is fairly decent.
Lots of cardio equipment, which is great.
Yes, the music should never be played outside of a gym.
For 6 weeks the trainers and staff kept me motivated and encouraged me.
Every workout was different and was challenging for every fitness level.
The trainers and staff really take the time to get to know you and develop a relationship.
My only real gripes about this gym are the hours.
Just joined this gym in the past few months.
Wow--where has this gym and its 24 hour private access concept been all my life?
Anytime fitness is open 24 hours a day for anyone like me.
I guess that might be why they call it anytime fitness.
That being said, this a smaller gym with outstanding equipment.
Great gym for the money.
I really like the location and the fact that the gym is small.
When ever i go to the gym it never seems packed which is great!
They have created a warn environmenta for everyone to train, no matter your fitness level.
I'm not sure why the rating is low at this gym.
After 4 pm you will be waiting for a machine and weights.
I wish they had a sauna and a 30 minute circuit training section.
If you are looking for a gym, i highly recommend this gym.
Not because of the trainer or class.
The trainer was very patient.
I was pleased to find the atmosphere comfortable for all fitness levels.
The gym was pretty busy so people began taking notice and eventually someone grabbed sammy from the front desk.
Mountainside as a gym and equipment available is top notch compared to others.
Especially their  functional fitness areas.
I'll reiterate that for overall fitness; bodybuilding, functional, etc.
This gym can be extremely busy which can be a downside.
Now, over two months later i can say this is the best workout i've had without a personal trainer.
Just started at this gym and i am very excited to begin working out here.
I had my first training session with tyrel, who was extremely informative, helpful, and knowledgeable.
Intelligent fitness is the best because it's effective - but safe.
Really knowledgable trainers and good people.
Jhonphilip yonan, owner of muv, keeps it interesting and adapts work outs to your level of fitness at all times.
I also have used steve for personal training and the experience was great!
I like the small size of the gym as it isn't overwhelming.
They have also added a bunch of free training classes included in the membership!
Sometimes it's a little dark or a little to warm but other than that it's a great gym.
Mountainside in gilbert is one of the better gyms i've been to.
It is a great gym for a good price (if you do the long-term commitment)
James, the manager, set me up with a chance to train 1:1 with shane the very next day.
I honestly wouldn't go if i was in bad shape - get yourself to a base line of fitness first.
I really enjoyed this gym when i lived in this area.
I recommend this gym because the facility was always clean, smelled nice, and the staff is very helpful.
Roman is the best trainer!
It isn't the biggest gym on the planet but it is appropriately sized given the amount of members it has.
The atmosphere is much less judgmental and off-putting than most gyms.
I came across pulse fitness through a group coupon website.
Pulse fitness was the second gym i "cashed in"...
As i watched my body transform, i knew i had found the right gym.
I attend bootcamp 3x's a week, and train with one of their amazing trainers 2x's a week.
By far, the most incredible transformation that pulse fitness helped me accomplish was exactly that...
This has allowed me to build a mini-network of fitness experts which helps expedite my results.
Where have you ever read a review on a gym that talks about the other members?
What a great gym.
Pulse fitness is a constant evolving, forward thinking gym that clearly has me as a client for life!
This is by far my favorite gym in the valley.
The gym is very big with tons of space to workout.
I'll be honest, i don't "enjoy" the hour that i spend in this gym.
Still a great gym, and worth a check-out, just disappointing that one of their key points for me is gone.
This is my personal favorite mountainside fitness location.
Smaller gym but it doesn't get crazy busy which is great!
Also attached to the ice den is cool, able to see into one of the rinks from the gym.
We joined mountainside fitness after leaving a much bigger, much more expensive gym.
My husband and i are much happier with mountainside fitness!
I certainly feel we are getting our money's worth from this gym.
If you don't like crowed gyms and work around the area, this is the right gym.
This is a place that truly cares about your fitness and nutrition goals.
I finally found a high end "boutique" gym with welcoming atmosphere, proffesional trainers.
Also great for a busy professional lifestyle...gym is always open to you!
This gym is amazing!!
It's main focus is endurance training.
They train with a purpose.
They train with realistic lifestyle expectations.
One of the best experiences i've had at a gym for strength and spin classes.
Many parents took home a 'free trial' card and were interested in bringing their kids for regular gym classes.
I love this gym - i started working out here two months ago when i moved down the street.
All of the cardio machines have tvs attached to them, with cable and built-in dvd players.
That's right; the world is now my cardio oyster.
Yes, i ended up joining another gym.
Mountainside has a few things my other gym does not have.
The gym is small, but efficient.
I am not crazy about their treadmills, but i will get over it, or use the other gym for that.
They work really well with her and take the time to provide her with the training she needs.
In terms of the workout itself-- it's a cardio-based workout, which burns lots of calories and leaves you sweaty.
Almost as good as my usual anytime fitness, but this one is a bit smaller, and has mostly nautalus machines.
I joined crossfit cle earlier this year after doing a ton of research on local crossfit gyms.
I wasn't overweight, but my body composition, energy levels and stamina were nowhere near what i wanted them to be.
From talking to others and visiting another crossfit gyms, this is the greatest strength of crossfit cle.
Several friends have commented about the expense of crossfit gyms in general...
I've taken classes with multiple trainers and i always leave feeling sweaty and accomplished!
They brought on some new trainers who are all great and really care about your progress.
The guy running the training operation is a former marine and one of the nicest guys you will ever meet.
The weights are re-racked and you can easily find what you need.
I really like the planet fitness franchise and atmosphere.
Those machines don't fit bigger people and don't accommodate much weight being lifted.
The free weights area is nice sized.
And you will find several weight machines for every purpose.
Ps i give my home gym in avondale a 5 star rating.
Childcare is amazing and justin my personal trainer is awesome.
Probably one of the best trainers i have ever had.
He has been a great encouragement on my fitness journey.
I like these econofitness gyms for what they are: simple, clean, inexpensive, functional.
Not only do you get to use all the different amenities, you can also bring a gym buddy with you.
I recommend this gym to all women!
The weight equipment was also quality and well-maintained.
The only downside is that this is a smaller gym.
Great gym with great owners, coaches & members.
But hey it's a gym there's always gonna be a few dick heads.
This gym is perfect for what i need.
I give the gym itself 5 stars.
I love this gym, its huge, spacious, and clean.
This also allows for the separation between the free weights and machines.
There are wipes throughout the gym so that you can wipe down everything before and after.
Overall i love this gym and will not chose any other gym over mountainside.
I have officially packed on some weight.
I loved that they offered both free weights an full kickboxing and boxing classes.
This gym is tiny but it has everything i need.
The classes are great and have some of the best instructors i've had at a goodlife gym.
The front desk staff are super friendly as well as all the trainers.
The instructors make sure that each student knows the basic techniques really well before adding on to additional training.
I wanted to update the " breathable" times to go to the gym.
Gym behavior is funny!
Update from 4/23- still a great gym they just do not ever clean the tanning machine
Joined this gym about a year ago and couldn't have been happier with my  decision.
My cousin joined the gym before me and recommended chs bjj for its amazing coaching and family-oriented atmosphere.
However, i understand this is because la fitness bought this gym from some other gym.
That would explain why the facade of the gym is so nondescript.
I like that this gym is really close to my parents house so i don't have to commute to workout.
The gym was clean and there were plenty of machines and free weights.
Also great gymnastics facility.
Kim was the trainer my first and second class.
He helped me with the proper form in the weight room.
The best gym in las vegas, hands down.
This gym has it all.
Now, what gym can give you that kind of life experience?
I have had my share of personal training sessions at other gyms but this was totally different.
The sessions typically include cardio (treadmills and rowers), core workouts and weights.
The trainers are really good.
We have trained with jill, holly and jaimie.
There are others who train in the eve classes.
If you are uncomfortable with certain exercises, you can let the trainer know and they will give you alternatives.
I love knockout fitness!!
I've been a member at la fitness and mountainside and this place just rocks compared to other gyms!
Classes are never the same and the trainers keep you on your toes.
Besides the classes, they also have weight and cardio equipment to use.
This is my dream gym come true!!
Kenny is an awesome trainer!
The other trainers are probably good to but their classes don't work with my schedule.
My only wish is that they had larger changing room, but overall i love this gym.
This gym has far exceeded my expectations.
The front desk, kid club attendants, trainers and management all have superb customer service.
I come to the gym 5-7 days a week and i have not lost motivation yet.
I just came out of a 4 year relationship with planet fitness.
Anytime fitness has been an excellent rebound, but we're looking into making it more serious.
I just recently got serious into fitness and realized i yearned for a smaller gym.
I researched a couple gyms in my area, but settled on anytime fitness because they're open 24 hours, literally.
I know planet fitness is open 24 hours except on christmas.
There's a lot of machines (not a huge quantity), but a better variety than planet fitness.
Love the trainers here.
My trainers were holly, jill, cassandra, and sometimes tony and jamie.
I'm very happy with this gym.
I work out with travis, who is an amazing trainer.
They switch back and forth from cardio intense to weight/resistance exercises for every major muscle group.
They have some really unusual equipment that i have not seen at regular full-service gyms.
The workouts are awesome and the trainers are amazing and definitely motivate everyone to do their best.
I could not be happier with this gym!
This is not just a trampoline camp it is a fitness camp.
The trainers are motivating, the workouts vary daily so you don't get bored, and the staff is great.
Love that the trainers make sure your workout is at your level, but keep you challenged.
Very happy with the results i've achieved from training here!
While it isn't personal training, it is much more affordable and a more competitive workout.
This is what makes this type of training better for me than one on one personal training.
The trainers are motivating and will take time to help you with various weight training.
What's great is i have an injury that prevents me from doing certain types of weight training movements.
Gym is always clean and equipment is in great working order.
Of all the gyms i've used planet fitness in cornelius ranks no.
I feel like im a member of a club/gym and not a customer on a contract.
They really care about you and help you achieve your fitness and health goals.
But really, other than that, great gym for a great price!
I got to sit on on some little gym activities.
The little gym gets your little one off of the couch, away from the video games!
I love the intimacy of the gym and the 1:1 time with the trainer.
They just added a studio for video training.
Great place for personal training or group training.
I have thoroughly enjoyed working with tanner, terrence, ryan and the others working towards my fitness goals.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who was looking for a great gym to join.
They're more then just another gym, they are tough and careing and treat you like you are family.
There is so much cardio equipment it's hard to choose what to do.
Good staff, great gym, honestly would give 5 stars if they would get a power rack.
Son's been training with coach mike and coach mark.
The fight team's devotion to their gym's youth is unsurpassed.
I really appreciate it as i enjoy coming to a well maintained gym.
I love this gym!
Tj, the fitness director is really nice.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone!
I had a couple of training sessions with one of pulse's trainers, sarah.... what a great workout!
I'd highly recommend sarah if you're looking for a personal trainer!
There are gym outings and and sometimes people bring in food just for the hell of it.
Gym is very clean, has free wifi, a ton of hd tvs and everything and more as far as equipment.
They give free pizza and bagels once a month, odd for a gym but cool at the same time.
This gym has all the basics you need to get in a good workout.
The equipment is new with many mats, weights and extras for your use.
Awesome gym with great instruction!
A really nice gym conveniently located near the airport.
It truly is a studio that welcomes women of all ages, shapes and fitness levels (and the occasional brave men!).
The building is clean and there are plenty of machines, weights, etc.
I knew i wanted to join a group fitness gym after leaving crossfit.
I did my first session with c-train a month ago, and i was hooked immediately!
Since i've joined, my fitness has greatly improved, especially my speed and endurance.
Very nice gym, reasonable priced, childcare room is great, they make good smoothies, solid gym all around.
Thanks to trainer, blake, for pushing me outside of my comfort zone with strength training.
I now am aware of so many more effective and challenging options when at the gym.
He made working with a trainer fun.
Best gym i've been to.
I've been going to this anytime fitness for a couple years now.
The gym has everything that you need to get a complete workout.
In addition, it had a great staff and a community type atmosphere that other gyms do not have.
I highly recommend this gym to first time gym goers or the seasoned "regulars."
For never being in a gym i was immediately put at ease and felt comfortable.
The trainers are absolutely amazing.
They don't overload their boot camp classes, so it really feels like you are getting one-on-one personal training sessions.
The atmosphere is so far from the pretentiousness you see at other gyms.
The physical therapy trainers are also fantastic.
This is the best therapy & training facility i've ever been to.
First off, the coaches and trainers know what's up.
No pansy la-boxing-type soccer mom stuff (although there are cardio workouts if that's what you're looking for).
Most fight gyms are open from like 10am to 8pm.
And this is a gym that can truly say they treat their fighters like family.
There's no other fight gym that stays open this late in vegas.
We came for the raquetball courts, and have used the fitness room and walking track as well.
Went here a couple days ago because i'm looking for a gym to join.
My favorite part about this gym is the vibe of the place.
This gym is great and they have tons of locations in the valley!
I'm happy with cardinal fitness: i never have to wait for a machine, and the price is definitely right.
The only downsides, imo, is that there are no group fitness classes.
That and the initial startup fee is kind of steep (thought maybe it's pretty much the same at other gyms?).
My fianc and i have been going to this gym for about 2 months now.
The staff is friendly and they keep the gym pretty clean.
I especially love the group fitness classes.
My husband and i have been members of mountainside fitness for over six years.
Out of all the fitness clubs in the area, we prefer mountainside overall!
Great pricing and has everything we need in a gym.
Chiropractor, tanning, smoothies and personal training.
I hate gyms...i mean loathe them.
This gym is everything but.
We're both training to swim the sf bay for the 2011 sharkfest alcatraz swim, so we needed a pool.
Towel service, locks, and even gym shorts available.
There's a handful of gyms much closer to home but i drive past all of them to come here.
Would recommend to anyone looking for a new gym.
Just signed up here...classic gym but close to home.
Ya it's pretty busy, but any gym is between 5-8pm.
His workouts are challenging and effective and he has really helped me tone up and increase my overall fitness level.
Best gym in toronto.
Amazing equipment, they have olympic weightlifting platforms, 20+ power cages, and equipment you won't find anywhere else in toronto.
Thank you sean for running such an amazing gym!
Management is great, trainers are very knowledgable and patient.
This makes it feel similar to personal training to me.
I highly recommend this gym.
You won't find "meatheads" at this gym either.
I was visiting family and was grateful that there was a ufc gym near by.
The gym is smaller than my home one in honolulu, but the people here are super friendly.
I was greeted the moment i walked in and given the run down of the gym set up.
Every gym location is set up a little differently so i really appreciated being informed where everything was located.
I look forward to coming, and i would recommend this gym for everyone.
Clean and neat with well maintained equipment.to me the gym at foothills recreation is a screaming deal.
I have commitment issues when it comes to gyms so this is the perfect set up.
They also have great free weights, nautilus machines, running, biking elliptical and towing machines in well maintained condition.
Simply cardio is more than just a cardio workout!
The gym is clean and the trainers are welcoming and excited to help each member succeed.
It truly is the latest approach to fitness and i'm seeing the results to prove it!
Simply the best gym that i have ever been to.
It is a gym for people to lift heavy weight.
If you want to change your body don't waist time at a normal gym your not a body builder.
The machines are clean and the trainers are nice.
I signed up for personal training.
There is some inconsistency between the trainer that signs you up and your actual trainer.
That doesn't bother me too much as i do my workout with the trainer then cardio afterwards.
She's not use to a personal trainer but will in due time.
The trainer follows up with you during the week to make sure you're doing good.
Now this is a gym.
All based on weight and strength training.
I have been working out here with my trainer aldo for a long time.
Like all gyms should be
The support from the trainers and other campers can't be beat !
Kidtastics also does gym programs and other activities - both at community centers and schools.
Micheline is so much fun and manages to get more out of me than any other trainer ever has.
This gym was recommended by my instructor and he wasn't wrong about coming here.
Such an amazing gym.
The trainers, manager and owners are amazing.
Would recomend this gym to everyone.
I like the hydro massage beds and the plethora of cardio machines.
I will continue enjoying my workouts at pure fitness and look forward to mike and his staff 's hospitality.
Best gym i've ever joined.
The price is not bad considering what other gyms charge and what you actually get.
C'est un trs bon gym, je le recommande  tout le monde.
- le gym est toujours propre, je vois toujours des cleaners.
C train is awesome!
Foothills has been my gym for years now.
Favorite gym, been going here for 9 years.
I was very impressed and assistant gym manager: ashley is wonderful.
Does anyone know of any discounts for this gym?
First time using this facility since i live in tempe and frequent the 24 hour fitness center there.
The cardio machines and the rest of the layout is very clean, organized very well and generally friendly atmosphere.
Although - i must be honest... an unrelated non-cf injury put me out of the gym for a couple months...
The trainers and co-members here are what really makes this place special.
All of the trainers have degrees and at least level 1 certification.
This means that they're professional cf trainers - they make up their own programming... they don't just follow a website.
Some gyms "teach you as you go"... this is not doing you any favors.
I've been a member of la fitness off and on for years.
After trying to find the right crossfit gym, i finally came in to wildfire to check it out.
There are different workout/classes that this gym offers.
I am super excited and delighted to have joined this gym.
I look forward to this life-long journey in fitness!
Fitness in avondale, az., for making me a believer.
I dont think there is another gym in the area that offers that.
This is the best gym i've ever been to hands down.
Anymore, you're better off going to the bigger gyms.
They also have a good amount of equipment if not more than your typical neighborhood gyms.
Not all their gyms have those yet!
I wish this gym had a more secluded area for stretch and abs, but it doesn't bother me any!
If you get bored with boxing or kick boxing, you can always hit the weights which is never crowded.
The trainers are great, and i've met a lot of really cool people in the classes.
My trainer carly starling-horell is beyond educated, motivating, and is determined to help me meet my fitness goals.
This gym is awesome!
I would just like express my sincere gratitude to the camp, the trainers, and the overall program itself.
I have been going to this gym now for 2 months 5 days a week.
I was trained on the machines when i first enrolled with my silver sneaker membership with no other fees!
I believe as a senior this gym is a way for us to stay fit.
You can sign up for a trainer... or not.
So basically if you time it right, you can go to this gym without speaking to a human.
They've got treadmills, stairmasters, spinner bikes, free weights, mats, some exercise balls, and an assortment of machines.
Since then i've been to many crossfit gyms and wildfire is the best.
I'm not a gym person.
I have been going to this gym for more than a year now.
They have lots of cardio machines specifically treadmills.
Staffs try their best to keep the gym clean at all time.
This gym is coed,so, both testosterone and estrogen are welcome here!
This is a family owned and a family-centered gym.
They love the gymnasts and bring out their best abilities.
They amaze me with the personal attention each gymnast receives.
They give the gymnast a push when needed and the support when needed- just the right balance.
Our top gymnast just competed in her first world competition after being an elite gymnasts for less than a year.
We are so proud of her and the gym she represents!
This is the best gym i've ever belonged to.
My daughter has been enjoying this gym for almost 2 years.
We selected vv gym because of its small, personal feel.
Vegas valley gym has the small feel with a big heart that we love!
Body systems fitness is the gym for you if you're serious about working out.
Whether you're new to lifting weights, running, or simply working out, body systems will help you.
It might be intimidating for some to start going to the gym, but body systems helps to alleviate this.
Body systems fitness features an instructional/yoga room, cardio center, childcare center, weights (free and machines), tanning beds, and a sauna.
The main gym floor upstairs is expansive and crammed full of machines.
Cardio machines are plentiful and have individual tvs.
The free weights section is rather cramped and full of benches.
I also saw a rope trainer which i need to try.
A sizeable central portion of the floor is taken up by a trx multimount station, weights and kettlebells.
This is cordoned off for personal training only.
There is a large selection of trainers so i'm sure you'd find one to suit your needs if you wanted.
-much space is given over to personal training only.
And why keep it blocked off when no training sessions are happening?
They must realise that fitness is tending towards functional training, free weights etc...yet they deprive the everyday customer of it.
I've had a gym membership since high school...like 20 years ago.
Now, i have 2 kids and my job requires shift work and its tough to get to the gym.
So i decided to put together a home gym.
I started my research online and checked all the major fitness stores and was appalled by the prices.
I did go their website www.fitnessavenue.ca but you never really know the quality by looking at pictures.
Everything else i bought is as good as anything i've used at any commercial gym.
Thanks eugene at fitness avenue!
They play great music and the trainers are helpful and encouraging.
The newer manager quinn, has excellent customer service and keeps the gym running smoothly.
I have been in a lot of gyms and quinn is by far the most impressive manager i've run across.
This gym is also one of the cleanest gyms i've seen.
I strongly recommend this gym!
Clean, spacious, a good selection of machines/free weights, and conveniently located - what else can you ask for???
However, not recommended for the hardcore fitness geek due to the lesser variety of free weights.
I know, this is kinda silly coming from a "gym" due to the obvious nutrition shortfall, but i'll take it!
This gym has one of the best communities i have ever experienced.
I'm now leaving for college and i'm sad i have to leave my gym.
I have been in and out of all types of gyms on 4 different continents.
This is a very basic gym, no classes, sauna, pool, etc.
The trainers here are awesome and really keep you motivated throughout the workout.
Jhonphilip,owner of integrated fitness/physical culture, makes us jump over wild gorillas while wearing sun hats, this place is great!
Jhonphilip yonan is a god in physique and omniscient in understanding of form and physical training.
I don't think i can see myself coming here to use equipment or free weights.
The staff is the usual perky gym staff.
My husband and i were sick of going to a normal gym and wanted a change.
We found this gym when driving by it's location.
The owners/trainers are amazing.
If you want a great personal trainer with a positive atmosphere, this is the gym for you!
It took roughly a month at planet fitness for me to reinvigorate my appreciation for this place.
Today i was approached and acknowledged by the owner of the gym.
I definitely appreciated that he approached me and spoke with me about my experience at anytime fitness.
Unlike any gym i've ever been to, in the very best ways!
All the instructors are well trained and put together great workout routines.
I love how the gym isn't crazy packed.
For the most part, i love this gym.
The very best thing about this gym is a personal trainer named daniel w. he is super terrific.
Punching & kicking a bag makes for a good, stress reliever cardio work out and i'm glad this is here.
Secondly, i didn't notice any maintenance signs for broken cardio machines which i notice fairly often at ocotillo.
Brent the trainer really seems to care and knows how to motivate.
*tons of cardio machines to choose from.
The pv location has their cardio equipment upstairs and thus, due to hot air rising, its always hot.
This is by far the cleanest gym i've been too.
Adam is an incredible instructer and i couldn't ask for anything more from a gym and our sparring partners.
For the past 6 years i have worked out at mountainside fitness (2 different locations).
Their gyms meet all my needs.
Free weights, hammer strength, cables, sauna, steam room, smoothie bar and daycare we can trust.
Weights are free to use as well as their boxing ring which is also used for sparring.
The trainers, facility and the members are all just so wonderful.
I have been involved in fitness for literally my entire adult life.
And frankly, as time has gone by i somewhat have gotten bored with my workouts of weight training and cardio.
I had a wonderful new-member personal training session with drew.
That is until i found pulse fitness.
This place and these trainers are no joke!
They are educated and willing to share all of their knowledge with you to help you reach your fitness goals.
I haven't been going to pulse for very long, but i will never join a regular gym again.
Freestone rec center is my gym.
(and, prices are comparable to most other boutique fitness/yoga/dance studios anyway).
I've "grown up" going to this gym, and it has had an incredible positive impact on my life.
Thank you 24 hour fitness for helping me get fit!
I could not recommend a better trainer.
This workout caters to all fitness levels which is so nice!
The trainers are amazing!
There are women there of all different types, shapes, sizes, and fitness levels!
By far the most amazing gym i have ever had he pleasure of being a member of!
What also makes this the absolute best gym are the people in the classes!
My 16 year old has been training here for several months.
These are the  best trainers around.
Whether its contest prep, nutrition planning, or fitness goals, coach ty keeps everyone on track.
If you want results, this is the "go to gym" for exactly that!
Good equipment,  good trainers.
People greet you with a smile,   feels like a new gym.
Friendly receptionist and holly was a very supportive trainer to a noob!
I joined this gym for its variety of fitness classes.
It is a crowded gym at times.
I finally gave up my top-notch gym membership and joined crossfit rave.
Highly recommended as a traveling gym stop or an everyday (except sundays!)
Many years ago, i have a membership at planet fitness.
The gym to me is not a place to socialize.
The trainers are all great at what they do and keep you motivated throughout the whole class.
Best fitness class in the valley by far!
I like how the workouts are challenging, but allow for the participation of all fitness levels.
Great gym with great employees...they were busy wiping off surfaces and keeping the place clean.
I've been attending adult bjj at stout training for the past 3 months and it has been outstanding.
None of the 'class starting late' or 'running over' bs with other gyms that can happen.
I started a 5 weeks to fitness at the gym and lost 11 pounds in my first week!
Dave's food is so yummy and i have an awesome personal trainer (brandon).
I've been to some nasty gyms, but this place is always really clean and has whatever you need.
The gym is enormous and although very crowded, there was enough equipment to get a full workout.
Tony the trainer is so cute too .
One of the best values for a full service clean luxurious gym in downtown toronto.
Then taken over by s group calling themselves aura fitness with terrible management.
It's a friendly neighborhood gym, not a big chain trying to make money.
It's impossible to make everyone happy, but fitness 14 comes close to it.
I love this gym!!
I've hired a trainer his name is josh and the man kills me in every session we have!!
I heard that la fitness maybe merging with purefitness...
Planet fitness is the best $10 i spend in a month.
Weights, treadmills, ellipticals, aerobic equipment, classes, pizza, its all here!
They don't allow bodybuilders or their hard-core behavior; they sound an alarm if you drop a weight or grunt.
To prove that its not your typical gym, pf has pizza parties on monday evenings.
Otherwise, its hard to get to the weights.
The people who use the gym aren't too sketch either, they don't allow doo-rags or cut off shirts.
A real boxing gym and a gem in las vegas!
Yoga mats, weights, dance bar, bands, balls, etc.
Some fitness places you have to arrive 30 minutes early to get a spot.
All the equipment you need in a gym.
I am happy with this gym!
Geeny is super amazing and is an extremely talented fitness trainer!
Out of all the gyms and indoor play centers (bouncy houses, trampoline centers, indoor arcades, etc.)
This is the best gym in the lake norman area if you don't require a pool.
I love this gym.
Has everything that i need in a gym.
Parking can get bad and needs more stuff around it for after the gym.
Even though it's a big gym, i think they could have made this location even bigger.
Very nice gym, i enjoyed my experience here.
Orangetheory fitness paradise valley location has completely changed my life!!!
The coaches/trainers help me every class to grow and reach my-full fitness potential.
I joined healthtrax a few months ago when looking for a local gym with a daycare.
Although my husband uses the free weights, i spend most of my time in the group fitness classes.
In addition, there are zumba, yoga, groove (dance), active (weights, step, balance), step, and power (weight lifting) classes.
And you will see everyone in this gym.
It is much more family oriented than the big box gyms.
They gym equipment never seems more than 1/3 of the way full.
From the moment you step foot into planet fitness you will be greeted by someone at the front desk.
This gym offers free wi-fi but on few occasions has been down.
Even during busy hours, the likelihood on waiting for a cardio machine is slim to none.
On the other hand, free weights and other equipment are limited.
If you are looking for fitness classes, again this place may not be ideal for you.
I think i've seen them at other pf gyms.
While the trainers are nice, it's a revolving door.
You are better off at this gym if you know what you're doing vs. needing 1-to-1 attention.
Since la fitness just purchased pure, this will only increase i imagine.
But the gym itself is worth the monthly fee.
Awesome swimming pool and gym!
They have a great walking track, racket ball courts, gym for basketball.
I'm also training for my first 10k under her guidance, where previously i could not even run one continuous mile.
The gym is also open 24 hours, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
I was showed the gym and what they have and their training schedules with their personal trainer.
You also get amenities that you won't get at other gyms, unless you pay for extra amenities for their services.
Love this new fitness center!
I've been a member of many gyms and i highly recommend f-h fitness!
Crossfit scottsdale is a top notch crossfit gym!
After years of working out in the gym this was the type of change i needed.
All of the trainers are top notch.
He goes above and beyond as a trainer and genuinely cares about his athletes.
He is not only a great trainer, but an even better person.
I love this gym, very clean and organized.
There's a smaller mini gym on the second floor but you need a special key to access the machines.
If you're looking for a crossfit gym i'd highly recommend you trying this box out.
They did offer me an amazing fitness package that i have yet to utilize and it shows on carl's waistline!!
Always watch people's form in the weight blocks.
Skip and tiffany really take pride in their gym.
Now a days everyone has a crossfit gym.
If you're in the market for a crossfit gym i highly reccomend trying out wildfire!
This camp made losing weight fun.
Great trainers and great staff.
I have been a member of every woman fitness for several years.
Staff/trainers are always encouraging you to do your best.
They always are able to answer questions about fitness/nutrition.
Being at this gym is not like being at good life, where in my opinion, you are a number.
I was not much into gym fitness much before joining here.
Over the period of time i improved in all aspects, with the help of trained coaches here.
I knew about pg through a football program that craig tinnelle had trained in the past.
Like the "groundhog day" movie of diet and fitness.
I know i could not have achieved this without my trainer's knowledge, expertise, and encouragement.
I work with the trainers on my personalized program, and i also attend the saturday morning group workouts.
There is a range of fitness levels in the group, and we do our work out accordingly.
Nothing cookie-cutter at this gym.
I call them the "fitness magicians", and the best "body shop mechanics" in the biz!
Lots and lots of weights.
There are 2 rooms full of cardio machines and i am one of the people using the stepmill.
6 tvs per room, with cardio theater handsets.
It's the kind of thing that keeps me going to a gym.
Trainers seem competent and definitely get their clients to work hard but aren't particularly smiley.
One of the girls is recognisable and works out in the gym.
I did the balance class which is mainly a lot of strength training on the board.
They have tons of class times and all their trainers are really awesome.
I really like all the trainers.
Real nice fitness studio, super clean, staff was very friendly and got a great intense workout.
That's exactly how a typical gym operates.
I had not done crossfit before and had been a lifelong in and out of the gym kind of guy.
This gym is so clean, new, and uncrowded i cant believe it.
Best gym in the area.
Its directly across the street from 24 hour fitness.
That gym is dirty and nasty.
I switched over from planet fitness, which was a huge adjustment for me.
I have been attending mountainside fitness for a few years.
After having my (now) toddler i had trained with chip frazier.
Bottom line: chip frazier is a wonderful trainer.
This is a great gym with excellent trainers.
Craig has prepared lots of competitive bodybuilders but also many 'regular' folks get excellent training here.
I love this gym and will continue to workout here as long as i can survive.
I have never encountered such a positive and inspirational trainer before!
Planet fitness is really a great starter gym.
Thank goodness planet fitness is actually clean and has breathable air.
The only complaint i have is that it's a gym for beginners.
There's not a lot of variety on cardio equipment, and a less of a variety for weight trainers.
They have a machine where you can bench, military press and squat, but none of the free-weight kind.
They watch with awe as adam's 11-year-old student flips an adult double her weight and height.
The owners of this gym are motivated and friendly.
If you want to work out or hire a trainer, look no further.
If you want thrills & frills then this is not the gym for you.
Jason & chris are super friendly & always willing to help and if you want, to train.
During the day (generally between 8 am to 6 pm) jason, chris, or another trainer will be there.
Most of the time there are at least 2 trainers present.
The gym includes lockers.
Chris or another trainer will usually be there to sign you up.
Plus, this gym was super close (saved time & gas).
At the end of the day, the gym has what i want.
People fail to put equipment back as they found it & gym staffs fails to do the same.
Yes this is annoying but i ran into this same issue at lvac & other gyms.
Sometimes the gym is out of wet wipes but they usually restock the next day.
The trainers are truly passionate about their business.
Boris the owner is friendly, positive and committed to his trainees.
I've only been a member for a couple weeks, and my main reason for joining was their fitness classes.
$26 a month for unlimited classes, gym use, pool and sauna.
I am a shopper and looked all over avondale...la fitness is definitely the best deal.
My name is stacy and i just joined this gym past week.
It's a beautiful gym and everyone is so freaking nice...even the gym goers.
The workers are gorgeous, and the gym goers are beautiful..like i had the best experience ever!
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone.
I've never loved going to the gym until i came to truhit.
Lots of cardio machines with some free weights.
Great family gym here in penn hills.
I highly recommend webb's world of fitness!
At pulse there are no high pressure, annoying up-sell techniques or less than qualified trainers.
Pulse fitness is a tiny gem among all the overpriced, overcrowded chain gyms of north scottsdale.
I mean help you achieve your fitness goals :-) best workout on the planet.
Since this was an extreme fitness location, it's one of the better goodlife locations.
If you go upstairs, there are more machines, cardio and more power racks!
The gym is always clean and all of the trainers are friendly and helpful.
I've recommended many friends and family members to this gym.
I've been a member of msfitness for about 6months now and am very pleased with my experience.
My fitness goals are to get healthy, toned and lose a few lbs.
That's when i found msfitness and the core concepts small group personal training.
My trainer, joanne naples, is amazing.
She is supportive, strong and knowledgeable; everything i expect from a trainer.
I had my fitness evaluation with leah and it was great!
Peoples reviews on here sounds like they're looking for the ritz not a gym.
This is a great gym.
Great free weights and a women's only room if you want privacy.
No need for a gym membership.
What i did use (treadmill and an occasional weight lifting adventure) they do have.
The staff is always so nice and the gym is always clean.
Always plenty of cardio machines open when i come in for my morning cardio!
I absolutelyyyyyyyyyyyy love this place :) friendly staff and amazing trainers.
In fact the whole staff is very friwndly and courteous and the gym itself is very nice.
We are very happy with planet fitness chandler and will be members for a long time.
They are currently expanding the gym, so there is a bit of construction work happening.
I am excited to see the growth and changes the gym makes in the future.
We all have those moments when the gym is the needed activity in our daily life.
Huge gym, lots of equipment.
Well done my gym glad i found this place!!!
What a frickin nice gym.
No other gym even has these things, which is a plus.
That is why i've been a member at planet fitness for 5 years.
Are you bored with your fitness routine?
Enter in stout training pittsburgh.
The fitness instructors know their stuff and are genuinely fired up about your goals and progress.
Never again will i put up with the same old fitness routine with these guys around.
Trainers are all awesome, and i want to mention a few of them here in this post.
Red mountain fit body is an awesome gym!
The place reminds me of the dojo i use to train at when i was younger.
This is excellent for cross training.
If you want to work out or hire a trainer, look no further.
If you want thrills & frills then this is not the gym for you.
Jason & chris are super friendly & always willing to help and if you want, to train.
During the day (generally between 8 am to 6 pm) jason, chris, or another trainer will be there.
Most of the time there are at least 2 trainers present.
The gym includes lockers.
Chris or another trainer will usually be there to sign you up.
Plus, this gym was super close (saved time & gas).
At the end of the day, the gym has what i want.
People fail to put equipment back as they found it & gym staffs fails to do the same.
Yes this is annoying but i ran into this same issue at lvac & other gyms.
Sometimes the gym is out of wet wipes but they usually restock the next day.
Their coaches are educated and experienced in different sports and fitness levels outside of, and including, crossfit.
The owners are friendly and welcoming and you can tell really take pride in their gym.
If you are in a rut with your local gym's spin classes, give flywheel a try.
If you want to work out or hire a trainer, look no further.
If you want thrills & frills then this is not the gym for you.
Chris is super friendly & always willing to help and if you want, to train.
The gym includes lockers.
Further, like most gyms, members  fail to put equipment back as they found it.
This is annoying but i ran into this same issue at lvac & other gyms.
During the day (generally between 8 am to 6 pm) chris or another trainer will be there.
Most of the time there are at least 2 trainers present.
Chris or another trainer will usually be there to sign you up.
Plus, this gym was super close (saved time & gas).
The trainers are great.
Interval training can be confusing at the beginning but there was always someone will to help.
Loved punching the mitts with the trainers because they changed up my punching rythm and challenged me.
The personal trainers there are really amazing.
It's a golds gym what more can you ask for.
I was ecstatic to see a gym open so close to my house.
Amenities:  cardiovascular machines- treadmills, ellipticals, stair-steppers, bikes, etc.
Weights- lots of free weights and nautilus machines.
I went to an olympic weight lifting competition here recently.
If you follow the instructions to the camp you will lose weight :)
After gaining a bunch of weight and getting comfortable in some pretty bad habits, i decided enough was enough.
There are people of all sizes, shapes and fitness backgrounds.
The trainers and staff are amazing.
The trainers and staff are very knowledgeable and mix up the workouts to keep it fun.
I'm now a proud member and i am currently working on maintaining my weight and getting stronger.
One of the best things we could have done for our girls....gymnastics @ flip dunk sports.
I love this gym!
If you are tired of basic cardio and want a challenge this is the place to go!!
Ask for tim swanson, he is my favorite trainer there!
This is a really cool, fun, and diverse gym.
I love this gym.
The classes are expensive when compared to a regular gym membership.
Can't say that about ol' gymbo either.
I have been a member of this gym since day one.
I have had success and fails with my weight.
Every woman fitness is definitely for every women.
Shanita is honest and real and i have really enjoyed training with her.
All the trainers are fantastic.
I started training with damian 13 years ago.
He is still one of the best trainers i ever worked with.
A great team of amazing trainers.
I've worked with carly for a year and she is true weight training expert and has helped me so much.
I knew quite a bit about fitness, but not the "fine tuning" i receive at core.
I cannot recommend them enough, they're the fitness "gold standard", for sure.
Tony's training class is hard, but hey!
Working out isn't easy- especially when you want to train your body.
Anyway, if you want to kick ass work out- tony is person you should get training from!
In one area of the gym it's set up for cardio.
Weight training and resistance takes up the other space and has plenty of options as well.
The gym is open 24 hours and they have surveillance inside with well placed cameras.
There's a spread - you got your cardio, your free weights, your machines.
All in all, it's a decent place for a gym and the memberships are fair.
The members are both fitness focused and career professionals, making the environment for me, solid.
Jason vadovich is the best personal trainer ever!
As a fitness instructor myself, i highly recommend him for personal training and as an instructor.
I love this gym, friendly staff and members, awesome classes!
This is a great local gym.
Been going for over a year and never seen this gym go down hill.
Was in pittsburgh in business about a year ago and trained at stout mma.
One look at their new facility and you can see why stout mma is the premier mma gym in pittsburgh.
First class facility, incredible training partners, and world class coaches.
They have cubbies to keep your stuff, really nice bathrooms with showers and a new cage training room.
I honestly thought you just swung different level weights.
I thought i would be intimidated at a training gym but the instructors are so friendly and welcoming.
I called vegas valley gymnastics hoping to start classes.
I was a trained ballerina turned yoga instructor.
I called vegas valley gymnastics back, spoke with candace again and tearfully thanked her for her.
This is a nice gym.. great facilities, and a nice spin room...
I've been a member now for about three months and have really enjoyed this gym.
Nice, comfortable studio managed by a very able and professional trainer.
Tia is a great trainer.
The trainers are super cool and helpful.
I seriously love this gym and the lay out.
So much better then other gym companies i've been too.
The gym itself is beautiful inside and out and they are a little too cocky in my opinion.
I love all the cardio machines and how everyone has its own tv.
People at all levels of fitness with one goal in mind, improve on the strengths you have, mentally and physically.
Having been to many 24 hour fitness locations, this one is my usual stomping ground.
Like most gyms in existence, they suffer from the after work crowd.
I frickin love this gym!
Been going to this gym on/off since 2009.
I've been doing private training with jason crocco for the past almost 2 yrs.
One of the best in the gym.
Highly recommended to sign up for private lessons with jason or membership with the gym.
I love this planet fitness especially since the new owner renovated the gym it is beautiful.
The trainers are always there to help you achieve your goals.
All the other trainers (pricilla, princess, shanice and matthew) are also equally amazing.
I noticed that my gym only has 3 stars ??
I've joined various gyms through the years and tried out different "boot camp" deals i've come across.
The staff knows their stuff and seem to genuinely care about your fitness and well being.
I'm huge and out of shape and generally terrified of gyms after 12 years of bad gym class experience.
Every workout is scalable to every fitness level, and the trainer will make sure you don't hurt yourself.
Also, with the crossfit membership, you get to use the whole gym, including other classes and boxing.
Thank you for taking my fitness, health and wellness, and confidence in my weight lifting abilities to the next level.
This is a great smaller gym and i tried to convince myself to join.
Its perfect for my girlfriend who does mostly cardio and some weight lifting  (she pays $42 monthly).
They have plenty of cardio machines to handle peak times (ellipticals, treadmills, steppers all have individual tvs/cardio theater).
The gym and locker room are very clean and the towel service is a nice bonus.
Thanks to trainer, mackenzie, for helping me reach my goals and conquer my gym anxiety.
This is a wonderful planet fitness.
I go to a few in area (fort mill and charlotte) for cardio only (weights are just okay.
Also has giant fans above cardio machines which are awesome if you get super sweaty.
My family and i have been training at digman fitness for a 1.5 years!
The improvements we have seen in our weight, strength, energy, mental health, etc.
Every time i train here, i work harder then i would ever push myself and i've seen the results.
I highly recommend scott and his team of trainers.
Ti fitness is amazing!
The trainers are awesome and personable and care about each client and their fitness goals.
I love this gym.
I have been training at wildfire for a few weeks now and it is everything i could have hoped for!
I had to look and see how to work the machines since different than my home gym.
This gym studio deserves more than 5 stars for sure!
They know who has talent and they know who can train hard.
For a great trainer recommendation, crystal is where its at.
She is a fitness competitor and is on her way to getting her pro card.
She's a hard worker, determined and has an endless passion for fitness.
But i wanted to increase my functional fitness, so 20 months ago i decided to check out crossfit.
I've been coming to this gym for a year and have always loved the environment here.
The trainers and staff are friendly and have great personalities.
I've only been a member of this gym for about a week, but so far, so good.
It's just what it sounds like - a movie theater with cardio machines.
Love a new gym!
Me and a good friend were bummed when the gym next door had closed early on saturday.
Craig is definitely one of the best trainers i have worked with - focused, professional, humble honest - straight forward!
I've been training with brian for about 6 weeks.
This review is based mainly on the group fitness classes.
I absolutely love melissa's kickbox cardio class on tuesdays and tj's monday zumba class.
The fitness classes are what keep me coming to this gym every week.
I work in carnegie, which is why i chose this gym as it is easily accessible after work.
But that's not the gym's fault that's just an issue i need to deal with on my own lol.
Geeny is an excellent trainer!
Highly recommend her at a persona trainer.
If love could be used to describe the gym then this one is the keeper.
Totally satisfied with the whole gym.
The word gym is suppose to be a four letter word but working out here is awesome and liberating.
Plus this facility is so new that it still has that new gym smell.
I did schedule an appointment with the gym since i am coming in a new member.
This gym since i have been shopping is so modern than any others i have visited.
Plus the gym is clean too!
I feel as though the gym put a lot of thought into decorating the locker area as well.
This is a serious gym full of experts in the industry.
I have many gym memberships but this is my home!!
She loves coming to gym and learning new skills.
We like coming here because it is a smaller gym that really can focus on the kids.
Joel and his team of trainers are top notch.
In my life i have struggled with my weight and have tried every diet and workout in the book...
Milestone #1 - first time in over 18 years that i have weighed under 300lbs... current weight is 280lbs...
Milestone #2 - hitting my 20lb weight loss goal...
Milestone #3 - senice starting my weight loss journey back in january i am down over 103lbs...
Plenty of machines, dumbells and cardio equipment.
Have trained here on my last two trips and can't say enough good things about it.
I've done both the fitness classes and the boxing/muy thai.
A lot of group classes, nice gym/free weights, pool, sauna, steam room.
Won't deter me from using the gym!
I've also gone to the gym when i've visited vegas and everyone is so welcoming!
I've been struggling with my weight for years.
My complaining of chronic shoulder pain while working out led a friend to encourage me to see my fitness geeny.
She explained to me when you perform a lift incorrectly, it puts additional strain on other muscles to compensate.
My complaining of chronic shoulder pain while working out led a friend to encourage me to see my fitness geeny.
She explained to me when you perform a lift incorrectly, it puts additional strain on other muscles to compensate.
Of the la fitnesses in the area this one is the best.
People get sick, these things happen)  - they gave us access to their spa/gym area (at no charge).
I purchased this groupon in hopes that an all women's gym would motivate me, and make me less anxious.
This gym is not intimidating, friendly and has a family like feel.
For the past three months, i was extremely bored with going to the gym (24 hour fitness) doing routine workouts.
They always offer specials on training gear.
Another thing i like about the gym is...there are people of all sizes, age and physical ability.
It's an amazing cardio workout, along with circuit training (depending on the trainer)!!!
The best trainers, who keep the business going are anthony d, danny d, ryan and a new guy named buddy.
The other trainers are mediocre and non-motivating (jay g and oswaldo).
The only reason i didn't give la boxing five stars is because of the subpar trainers.
If the best trainers (listed above) decided to quit or move on, i would cancel my membership.
Joining orange theory fitness has been hands down one of the best decisions i've made.
The gym is immaculate.
They have childcare which helps us out tremendously when we need to come in and get our fitness on.
Great owner, great staff, great gym.
Honestly the best personal training gym!
I train with erik young there and he is fantastic!
Now that i have been there awhile i could never imagine training anywhere else.
This is my home gym.
This is the gym i visit daily, and actually train in.
- the free weight area is well lit.
We're all sharing the same space to do the same thing: work on our fitnesses, so stop complaining.
Did my first group circuit training with jill knight last weekend and am still feeling the burn!
Got a great workout and she was super helpful as i've never really done any weight focused workouts.
Not only is the coaching top of the line, the gym layout and set up is perfect.
Cancelled my gym membership because i'm so in love with this workout!
Mountainside on happy valley and lake pleasant is one of the best places to train.
The equipment in most all gyms, rather eos or la fitness or mountainside,  is similar.
They make you feel so comfortable in this gym, not intimidating at all.
Physiques gym is a one-stop shop for physical health and wellness.
Welcomes members of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels.
Trainers are always available for questions and have no problem stepping in to help you out.
This gym is truly a family, we all work together and we all win together.
Love the equipment here, most gyms do not carry the amt precore trainers.
This place helps you lose the weight you want but more importantly it helps you add muscle and tone!
Stout training has always welcomed us warmly to drop in and train there.
I'd definitely recommend this gym to anybody who wants to train bjj in pittsburgh.
I'm all wrapped up in this weight loss and challenged not making the goal weight and everything else...  hell...
I just became a member a couple weeks ago, i researched the heck out of fitness centers in my area.
Their cardio equipment is great, if there is a broken machine it gets repaired quickly.
The weights area has machines that are perfect for the novice like myself.
I have been training at flex fitness for a few months now, and am seeing amazing results.
I really like this gym.
A gym that i love at first sight.
They have a great collection of cardio machines that have a flat screen tv attached to each one.
The assortment of weight machines as well as free weights is plentiful as well.
The gym is just plush, yes it is expensive...but here is how i justify the cost...
My family loves this gym.
The fitness classes they offer are great too and the times work with my schedule.
As a health and fitness coach i highly recommend this box.
I certainly don't experience the same level of dread as i do with the "regular" gym.
The trainers are amazing and love helping people grow
Plenty of cardio equipment: bikes, treadmills, ellipticals, concept 2 rowers, kettlebells, etc.
Did i mention that the rates are competitive with any gym in town?
I tried other gyms in the area (e.g.
Their classes are hard and the gym is not filled with prissy or bitchy girls.
The trainers, too, are excellent - especially gill, alicia, alana, michelle e, and stephanie.
I hate cardio, but the classes are a great way to get me in there to do what i dread!
I just moved to arizona about a couple months ago and i was struggling to find a good gym!
This gym in particular caught my eye!
The reviews were great, so before even visiting the gym i winged it and got my membership online!
The gym was so clean, not overcrowded, friendly faces and well spaced out!
Those are my criteria for an excellent gym location.
Although, a smaller location it has everything that you need including extra weights and classes.
You can go to the gym and then do your groceries.
If you're a real fitness nut, body-builder, etc.
This is a nice planet fitness.
This isn't unusual, but with anytime fitness i can now do just that!
Clean and friendly atmosphere, low pressure staff, and a fantastic gym overall.
Awesome cardio and total body.
They motivate you and help you get to your goal weight.
Next, the people that go to this gym are extremely friendly and helpful.
My daughter absolutely loves little gym!
No shoes in the training room.
Geeny is an amazing person and trainer.
Giving this gym 5 stars  this gym is close to my house, love all the new renovations they have done!
The best part coming to this gym is the staff.
The trainers are great!
You won't regret checking out this gym.
No other gym offers such a diverse range of classes for the price.
The workouts are intense but rarely intimidating as the trainers keep a close eye and offer lots of options.
Hands down, the friendliest, most caring team of fitness professionals at this location.
Every time you step in to the gym at this location, one of the trainers will greet you.
And you'll always be able to speak to at least one trainer during staffed hours.
You never have to wait around to speak to someone about a concern or general fitness.
The morning crowd (both trainers and gym-goers alike) is exceptionally enthusiastic and pumped!
The trainers are super helpful and effective.
The machines and weights are plentiful and staff is friendly.
Someone please fix this and just move to a true gym mix instead of this pandora station from hell.
I stayed at the hotel san carlos and they are partnered with this gym.
I love this gym.
Was able lose some weight and get in shape if few weeks!!
Way better then the traditional gym.
You get tanning, massage, gym and a 20% new balance discount for only 21$ a month.
He know i love lifting weights but i tend to ditch cardio.
I can handle this kind of cardio.
The trainers are fantabulous.
I signed up for a couple of training session with aj to get the kickboxing technique down.
Knockout fitness will take your training/workout to a whole new level.
Well what can i say....up until a year ago i hated the gym...any gym.
I looked around at a few places and a buddy of mine told me to try out his gym.
Its not one of those huge "pump you up" kinda gyms, its professional, personable and friendly.
I really can't say enough about the only gym i'll ever go to again.
I like that it is a 24 hr gym.
Best gym hands down.
Orange theory fitness is fantastic.
The training staff that work with you in class is totally amazing.
Emma was the first trainer i ever took a class from.
Its a combination of cardio, weights, and rowers.
I joined because i could not stand doing cardio at the gym by myself.
You choose your weight and or your speed for your level.
I workout regularly at a "regular" gym and i am often sore and or challenged after an otf class.
I just moved to henderson from las vegas, so i switched planet fitness locations.
I have never tried orangetheory, but am well versed in group fitness and boot camps.
I recently moved to vistancia in peoria and was looking for a gym to join.
I found f-h fitness located near safeway and signed up for the pre-sale.
It's like having a personal trainer for every workout and is complete awesomesauce.
If you are thinking of joining a gym, this is the one you should choose.
A friend and i found ti fitness and started attending a couple times a month!
Before i joined mountainside fitness, i was a member of orange theory.
Best gym in the west valley.
I do not like gyms.
Planet fitness fit the bill for what i was looking for.
I also love that everyone has access to the personal trainer for no extra charge.
This msf club is super nice and it's a great place to visit and keep up with your fitness goals.
Nice clean gym and claudia took great care of me when i had an issue.
Newest equipment, two floors, tonnes of cardio machines, lots of dumbells and very attractive people.
Highly recommend this gym and tim for personal training.
There is a free weight area, and the place is super clean and nice and cool!
That is exactly what happens at physique's gym.
You receive personal training and have craig the tinn-mann pushing you and motivating you to sculpt a better you.
At physique's gym you're not in the fitness world alone you are part of a team.
Best cf gym in the area!
All ages and skill levels are welcome and clint weigel does a fantastic job running the gym.
Anyone looking to better themselves through fitness should definitely check out saol!
The challenge was difficult for me because the required "homework" (weight lifting) left me exhausted.
The frequency of gym sanitatation specifically the cleaning of floor mats.
I get bored so easy, i'm uber-busy and i very much dislike the "gym scene".
I'm a night owl and a gym wthat closes by 9 has always been a deal breaker for me.
La fitness in scottsdale used to have a 30 min time limit on machines during their after work rush.
The gym sells itself.
Mountainside fitness truly is my place to go and sweat.
The people are nothing short of welcoming and who doesn't love their own personal tv on their cardio equipment?
It's a nice change from the 24 hour fitness' chaos.
Only concern is that there can be a lot of personal training sessions going on in the late morning hours.
Trust me, this is a gym you will love.
(and it's at a price that is much more affordable than some other luxury gyms in the area).
The gym is great.
This is my gym when i'm in cleveland from now on!
Classes are large with talented students in all belts and weight classes.
The adelaide club tends towards training as though you are going to be in a bike race or triathlon.
At quad it's more about the workout itself, rather than long term training.
I cannot rave enough about orange theory fitness.
The music was loud, the trainer was motivating and accommodating.
The class trainer, holly, spoke with me afterward and took a genuine interest in me and my personal goals.
Every trainer i've met since has introduced themselves to me and asked about my limitations and needs.
These guys are the real deal; passionate about fitness and have a unique culture!
Geeny is one of the best trainer i have had in my life.
She very educated and passionate about training.
Very motivating kind of trainer.
Highly recommend training with her.
I seen significant change in my over body and health since i started training with her.
There is a snack bar and day care and yoga and trainers.
Not the typical gym that average people would be too intimidated to even go in.
This gym is awesome!
Leslie is an awesome trainer and the rest of the staff is super nice!
Love love love this gym!
The owner gustavo dantas is a class act and works very hard to run an amazing facility to train at.
They also have advanced classes and competition training for those taking the sport seriously and are looking high level training.
After checking out several gyms in the area, i decided to re join fitworks.
Moved to scottsdale and never found a gym i love better!
Great workouts and trainers to keep you motivated to stay on track!
They have caring and intelligent trainers.
This gym has such a welcoming and fun community too.
I've been really pleased with this gym!
Joining this gym is one of the best decisions we have ever made!
My kids love training with laurie, she is so great with them!!
This gym a nice and has lots of machines.
The vibe in that locker room is better compared to other local gym.
This gym has literally saved my life.
Can beat this gym all around 10.
The owner and instructors are highly trained and educated, as well as personable and helpful!
I, absolutely, love planet fitness.
However, when we moved, i was forced to join 24-hr fitness because i had no planet fitness nearby.
I was paying more and the gym was always busy, at the times i needed to go.
Then, my prayers were answered when they opened this new gym across the street.
I jumped at the opportunity to end my membership with 24-hr fitness and rejoin planet fitness.
I appreciate the planet fitness gym for what it is worth.
It allows people to go to the gym and not have to worry about "lunks" or other judgmental people.
Otherwise, save you r money, join planet fitness and be a whole lot happier!
Wanted to see someone to show us how to use the equipment since it is dif from our other gym.
Actually made me feel worse about my body when i have been doing really well losing weight and getting fit.
I'm not even overweight...?
Hopefully my feelings about this gym improve.
I really love this gym.
You can even tune into the cameras to watch your child on the tv's that are on the cardio equipment.
Childcare is also open 7 days a week and doesnt close for lunch like most gyms.
I recommend this gym to anyone especially parents needing quality childcare.
Chip is the best trainer i have ever had.
I've maintain well and kept the weight off and never have been so happy !
Love the gym, classes are great.
This is one of the better gyms here in charlotte when it comes to amenities.
Otherwise a very nice gym, however.
Anytime fitness is the next best thing to having my own private gym.
They also have classes for all ages and have a gymnastic team.
Lots of space and perfect for a gym sesh!
Don't forget the trainers too, free with black card.
I have seen people come through at all fitness levels and with all body types.
Emails they send when you haven't been to the gym in about ~2 weeks.
Time for an update...the level of training has increased more than when i first started.
There are such wonderful instructors at this gym.
We worked on lots of technique, cardio, and boxing conditioning.
I have been a member of this gym for 4 years.
I have utilized 3 different trainers these past 4 years but my current trainer brian j.
One of the most important parts of training is to constantly improve and have fun doing it.
I highly recommend this gym and brian.
What a fantastic gym!
I love the variety in classes that they have, from boxing to core/cardio to strength/weight training to yoga-inspired workouts.
I have struggled with my weight all my life.
They have caring and intelligent trainers.
This gym has such a welcoming and fun community too.
The trainers are incredible and motivating.
I've brought people of all fitness levels to check it out and they all love it!
I've been working with this gym awhile..
I fully recommend this gym to anyone who is interested!
Cardio machines are way updated and nice!
They have cross fit (... if you're into that kinda stuff....) and olympic lifting free weights.
( that's every gym though and x10 worse at la... ) other than that, best gym i've ever been too!
Went in for a workout while i was on travel for work and loved the setup of the gym.
I visited this gym while visiting family in ohio.
Great gym to get an amazing workout.
Some of the best trainers i have been around.
If they train you as hard in the free classes wondering what the weekly sessions are like.
Sure there are cheaper options, but few other gyms have as much variety.
Variety in equipment, variety in free weight machines, treadmills, elliptical, spinning, etc.
I like gyms where you have a small town feeling.
In my life i have struggled with my weight and have tried every diet and workout in the book...
Milestone #1 - first time in over 18 years that i have weighed under 300lbs... current weight is 280lbs...
Milestone #2 - hitting my 20lb weight loss goal...
Milestone #3 - senice starting my weight loss journey back in january i am down over 103lbs...
Super classes, great cardio equipment.
Well cared-for gym with nice equipment.
A little thin on heavy weight equipment but if you know anytime fitness this is pretty typical.
This isn't the cleanest gym of them all, but they do have the necessities.
I started back in march and have become absolutely obsessed with this gym!
I never leave this gym disappointed.
We joined la fitness in scottsdale a few weeks ago.
I have worked out in many gyms around the country and also at other la fitness locations.
Boris and nicole are amazing, as well as all of the other trainers.
I've been going to this location of anytime fitness for about 9 months.
The gym members are friendly and have no problems letting you hop in on equipment.
The rates are good and comparable considering you get way more here than most other gyms in many aspects.
They have a tanning bed and the gym is open 24/7!
They have a great personal trainer and also trx classes!
My all time favorite gym.
Ian, his staff, and his gym all exceeded my expectations!
I've been weight-training for well over a decade, but i felt i had hit a plateau i just couldn't overcome.
I started asking around about a good personal trainer and omalza fitness just kept coming up.
Daily classes and meetings with a nutritionist are included with the personal training sessions.
He's passionate about fitness, and he's an amazing trainer!
Personal training with brandon has been a good experience.
I highly recomend this gym to anyone!
This place makes working out in a gym fun again!
It feels like a friendly neighborhood gym, opposite of a huge gym with rows and rows of equipment.
New cardio machines, touch screens, connectivity to phone.
Really excited to be a member (thanks steve) and taking my fitness to the next level!
David barton gym at tivoli village is the most exclusive and gorgeous gym in las vegas.
This has to be one of the coolest places i've lifted weights.
Overall this chain of gyms is above par.
The instructors are excellent,  this gym provides a spa like experience, very clean, with excellent amenities and equipment.
The grades for bouldering are easier than any other gym, i've found.
The trainers are motivating, friendly, & knowledgeable in the fitness & nutritional area.
Ive went around and tried many gyms in this town and this gym was the best.
The personal trainers seem to know what theyre doing to; i like it.
Trainers are really genuine and want to help you succeed in your weight loss goals.
I've been coming to this gym for just over 6 months and i'm very happy with the value.
I've been working with my trainer shawn for the last month and i'm very happy with the results.
They have a wide variety of weights, treadmills and all that other fun stuff.
They offer so much great training.
I've belonged to 6 or 8 gyms over the years with a goal of fitness and strength training.
From the cardio machines, plug in and choose one of 7 channels on big screens.
Adults of all ages, body types and fitness levels are welcome here - the "no judgment zone" seems to work.
I don't plan on using the personal trainers here however....  as for the gym, looked clean and neat.
Simple weights and low price.
Just put in your work on the weights, cardio machines and get out.
If your looking for an inexpensive, low frills, simple gym this is your place.
I have to be a fan since i have not used some of the weight machines anywhere else.
Awesome gym with any equipment you need for your weight training.
Each workout is cardio packed and incorporates lower, upper and core training.
The weight lifting section holds all the essentials one would need to include a good 30 minute weight training session.
If you feel like you're a gym guru and you aren't fazed by much, try this class.
The gym is clean and staff is friendly.
Parents are able to see what's going on in the day care from various tv's in the gym.
Great range of equipment without the high prices and posers you (will) find in scottsdale gyms and their like.
It's not intimidating like some of the other gyms, i felt really comfortable being there.
I also enjoyed a cardio class that i walked into as well.
Other then that, i highly recommend this gym if you're balling on a budget.
Really recommended gym to work on your skills and self defense.
I have been a member for 2 months now and really enjoy this gym.
Fitness with a twist is my favorite place to work out and have fun!
Fitness with a twist builds confidence and strength & is the ultimate judgement free zone!
Nice gym and pretty quiet compared to the other ones.
Best gym in the valley!!!!
If you like privacy, cleanliness and not having to wait for machines, this is the gym for you!
The gym floor has everything you need.
I have been training here for a little under a year.
This has been the best workout and fighting system i have trained in.
Manny and the other trainers are great.
No egos just people looking to train hard and learn real world scenarios.
Out of all the gyms i have been too eos is by far the best one.
I don't understand why this gym doesn't have more stars.
Look, this is a no frills gym...that's why it cost ten dollars a month!
I'd much rather be in a gym like that than one where stuff is dirty.
We just moved to the scottsdale area and had been looking around for our new gym home.
Overall, i think it's a great gym.
This gym is getting me in shape.
Great classes, great trainers, great crowd and great location.
The trainers are always super motivating and helpful.
A private gym with classes that will push you.
They include cardio, trx, tabata, weight lifting, and more!
She provides fantastic advice and will do anything to help you reach your goals, fitness and otherwise.
Classes are no larger than 10 people and it's essentially small group personal training.
I have always been a cardio girl, felt intimidated doing weights, and could never put together a work out program.
I love this gym.
I need a different way of working besides going to a regular boring gym.
They offer so many different classes and  the trainers are their to help you .
I paid $150 for a gym membership elsewhere.
It doesn't matter your level of fitness.
The trainers i have encountered and worked out with are invested with everyone who comes in to join their class.
I've used gyms all over the world, because in my mind a good vacation includes getting frickin jacked.
As such, my wife and i decided to check out this gym.
I wasn't expecting much, but to my surprise, this gym has everything you need to get a full workout here.
There's two squat racks, multiple benches, a dip rack (they even had a belt to do weighted dips).
The trainers are super awesome and will give you a work out for sure.
I am currently taking personal training sessions with derrick and he is fantastic.
When i was there today, the cleaning lady was mopping and cleaning every inch of the gym and equipment.
The gym is quite spacious.
I would definitely recommend this gym to family and friends.
I'm so thankful that a gym like youfit exists for someone like me.
I get why this gym is not for everyone, no pool, sauna, courts, etc.
I'd recommend everyone at least try this gym out i'm certain you will love it.
The front staff has always been friendly, the gym is always clean and i like being provided with a towel.
Quiet, clean, awesome staff, ambience is 5 stars = best gym
I love 24 hour fitness and appreciate the classes.
It's the only way i get my butt in the gym.
This is a beautiful gym, very different than all other gyms.
Nice equipment for different fitness goals.
If you go at night its you and the weights... 'perfect'.
State of the art gym, nice premises and never crowded.
It's a gym for the fitness serious, no playing around like all other gyms.
This is more than a gym...
Since jay has owned anytime fitness there have been many improvements from the previous owners.
If your into fitness and the gym atmosphere this is the place for you.
This is an amazing gym!
I've been a member of other gyms where i have never felt comfortable, but this gym is totally different.
There is a base price for using the gyms equipment, and any classes are charged for separately.
You can also sign up for classes without signing up for the gym.
I was referred to this gym by a friend and i'm really glad i joined :).
They have a small gym you can use.
Overall it's a good gym.
A serious gym for serious lifters.
This is america's gym right here in the backyard of ohio- land of the swolest!!
They also offer a lot of fitness classes, but i haven't tried any yet.
There is free coffee and a clean gym to work out in!
Basically it's a free gym membership if you already pay to tan somewhere else.
The equipment and gym itself are good.
I like the equipment kanoa has at the gym and the variety of exercises he has for each week.
I also like the atmosphere of the gym and the chill nature of the athletes.
I signed up for golds gym at this location in august of 2011.
My old gym didn't offer classes, was over crowded and had some pretty banged up equipment for that same price.
It's  a pretty clean gym, modern new equipment and holy kettle-bells batman!
A little sad but there are bosu balls yoga mats, small free weights and trx straps in there.
I was hesitant about this gym due some mixed reviews but after diving into my membership i have no concerns.
Simple, yet to the point kind of gym!!
This is a really great gym.
This gym is too small in fact one of the smallest pf i've been too.
They have a good variety of machines, treadmills, and free weights.
Visiting from out of town and this gym blew me away!
I would have loved to make this my home gym if i didn't have to go back to cali.
How come we don't have gyms like this in cali!!!???!!!
Off the grid is a boutique neighborhood gym that u can meet all your fitness goals.
Most classes here combine hiit or cardio sessions with barre and strength.
I liked the combination of cardio with strength, i need both to stay toned.
The standard barre class is barre work, strength, and you are usually using weights, bands, or have ankle weights on.
I regularly do strength training and i still found this hard.
The next class i took was brawl, this class is a kick-boxing style cardio workout.
I found this class to be pretty good cardio, however i found it a little boring.
There are a couple other classes that include cardio, hiit and tbc.
I've worked in the fitness and recreation field for coming up on 20 years.
The good * the gym has been around for years.
* nice to support small business and not a chain gym which tends to not care so much.
* most cardio machines are in good shape and never have to wait for it.
* the odd child also comes in the weight room and follows mom and dad around.
This gym has all positive vibes and knock that awkward feeling right out the door.
I will be honest, i've always kept to myself and i was too shy to go to the gym.
I was used to personal training.
Plus the normal group classes at other gyms were just a lot of ppl and instructors come to just teach.
The gym is not like the huge gyms where ppl just go to work out and leave.
Anywhere from weightlifting, boxing, bulgarian bags, conditioning and more!
Great gym, retro & some modern pieces in a great large space with big ass fans in the ceiling.
Off the grid fitness is an awesome gym with great equipment, fantastic classes/teachers and really nice people.
I'm giving it five stars because it's a gym that has everything you need to achieve your beach body.
Why spend all the extra money on some fancy gym that uses all the same equipment?
I mean it is called 24 hour fitness.
Love the friendly staff, massage beds and accessibility of machines and weights.
Best gym for the money!!
Is it 5 stars as good as it gets for a gym?
You don't need a huge gym unless you're in competitive body building.
The standard barre code consists of four sets of strength training - arms, abs, glutes and thighs.
Each training session is tailored to each individual.
The trainers really care about their cliental!
I love the trainers.
A big shout out to the fabulous trainers and staff at red mountain  otf.
Today i did my last training session with bella at youfit.
Best gym in town.
Don't be just another walking around in the gym figuring out what to do, give this one a try.
Saw this 24 hour fitness gym on the way home and decided to stop by.
It's a new super sport gym with everything you need and it's also not busy.
The crew at one kick's gym really is like a second family to me.
This location is my favorite 24 hour fitness here in vegas that i've been to so far.
Also, the trainers are always walking around asking people if they have questions or help with a machine.
A year later, i am so thankful to have kanoa as my personal trainer.
I constantly look forward to going to the gym and the results keep you coming back.
I have been working with ian for the last 6 months and i absolutely love this gym.
And my boyfriend loves the gym as well
I go to a lot of classes and it's like having personal training, but it's free!!
Included in the gym membership!
They have great machines, so many free weights and i love the trx!
The trainers are fun and push you and what you're working on, they become your friends too!
Well i have certainly been to a lot of gyms.
When i showed up for my first class, we did not use any weights over 12 pounds.
It was all bodyweight.
I love coming to this gym early.
The trainers i have worked with, james and tyrone, really know their stuff and aren't afraid to push you.
The gym is generally busy but not too busy.
Not a ton of free weights but i love the layout.
My favorite is the farm land area, with the huge jungle gyms covered by shade.
After i had my total thyroidectomy for thyroid cancer, i started gaining even more weight.
I went back to the gym but i wasn't seeing much progress.
My friend posted a pic of her at this gym and how she could fit into her prepregnancy clothes.
I've never been an avid gym go-er, but dammit i've tried!
Planet fitness is the only place i've seen an arc machine.
Basic package is $10 a month with no contract, which is awesome for gym quitters like me.
This gym is clean and has very nice locker rooms.
They have tanning and personal training as well.
I highly recommend this gym if you are like me and like a more private workout experience.
I highly recommend ...tgt cyclone gym, it is overall the best fitness studio we have experienced.
I'm still waiting on that weight loss miracle that lets me get toned and taut while laying on my couch.
Best layout, treadmills and trainers.
Orangetheory is fun fitness!
I've noticed my stretching has improved, my technique, weight size (for strength training) and running speed on the treadmill.
This gym does fun events like cookouts and games.
A brand new gym opens.
But it's not a gym, it's something different.
Still a fitness and health advocate but with the means to motivate others to do so.
Circuit training is key with this place.
I definitely recommend this gym if your looking for a gym membership:)
The movie room is great for cardio, and the free weight areas have everything i need.
Great job on training your staff!
It is far superior to the mega gyms out there that are overcrowded.
Clearly... a gym is necessary for all of my restaurant ventures... lol.
The staff and trainers are very nice, and willing to offer a helping hand when needed.
They offer personal training, supplements/shakes, and other very cool perks.
The gym has all of the amenities for the average gym heads!
I started training with ian 6 years ago and lost 60 lbs.
I trained with him for 2.5 years then decided to try it on my own.
I went to several different trainers and classes and no one compares to ian.
I decided to return to omalza fitness 3 months ago.
The difference between ian and other trainers is that he always keeps it fresh and adding new stuff.
He doesn't just do weights which gets extremely boring.
With his personal training it includes all the group classes free which are great.
They offer boxing, kettlebell, kickboxing, conditioning, trx/rip training, and bulgarian bag classes.
His personal training also includes dietician and they have a great meal plan delivery service which is delicious.
All the trainers are great and you will become a part of a close knit family.
If you are looking for hard work and results omalza fitness is your place!
You can't beat the personal attention you get from the trainers at fit zone.
This gym has competitive pricing for membership and training.
Showing some improvement in the customer service aspect of the gym.
New, clean gym with plenty of machines, brand new equipment, excellent instructors, small classes.
Aquafit (trudy) and pilates (stacey) have fantastic instructors, best in the area vs. other la fitness locations.
I really wish le gym had existed back when i was a concordia student!
My only beef with le gym is that you need to show up in person to sign up for classes.
I love this gym !
I signed up for personal training and its changed my life!
The gym is pretty straight forward, mirror at one end and a firm but padded floor.
The nice thing was that i didnt even think he was a trainer at all till they said something.
Then it was into sholder taps with random partners throughout the gym.
I have never been a fighter and never really trained on how to hit.
I love working out with my trainer, jordan guida at mountainside fitness!
I love going to classes at mountainside fitness, especially muscle classes.
The prices are very reasonable for this clean, decent gym.
The classes are great, the equipment is decent, but the poor etiquette of other gym members?
We never feel intimidated working out, plus they have some great personal trainers.
I still go to a couple of other gyms in town but david barton's is my regular gym.
This gym is very,very good.
Training here, you will be treated with respect and there is zero d.b.
Attitude that you might find in other scottsdale gyms.
This gym is very clean too.
I'm a bit of a gym rat and this is probably the cleanest gym i've set foot in.
If you're looking for a awesome lil' neighborhood gym that is very affordable, this is it.
Fitness is my life!!
Front desk, counselors, trainers and managers are extremely helpful with anything you need.
These trainers have different techniques and are knowledgeable about their various fitness exercises.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone who is ready to push themselves to the next level.
But as soon as i walked in, i was greatly met with smiling faces and a two story gym.!
There are typical busy times as any gym would have.
The pt trainers (most of them) are very nice.
I hit up an old buddy from high school named kevin, askin about the gym.
Gave me a tour, covered every area of the gym but didn't drag it out like some places do.
The gym is well kept and has an old school feel which i love.
Bonus, people actually have gym etiquette and know how to put there stuff away.
Trainers seem to be real involved with their clients and staff is always awesome!
Mountainside fitness is the best!
Joe is definetly an excellent trainer.
Great gym, helpful staff and never many people there which i love.
I have been going to this gym for a month now and i really like it.
Can't beat that for a gym environment.
The set up is inviting which is not always easy for fitness centers where boxing is a focus.
This gym receives five stars!!
The workouts are very creative and challenging and can be modified to all fitness levels.
There's focus on different aspects of the body every day of the week as well as cardio.
They also offer additional classes throughout the week like cardio boxing and trx.
I joined this gym today and just completed my first workout.
If you're used to the super-mega gyms with all the high-tech amenities and equipment, this one is not for you.
This is a no-frills, get 'er done gym with great rates and is available to members 24x7.
If you're aspiring to become a mr. olympia contestant, you will quickly outgrow this gym
We did measurements our first session and we did measurements again, because i was getting discouraged with the scale weight.
I definitely recommend going to ub fit to tone up/lose weight and just feel good about yourself.
The gym is clean and kept clean daily.
I for once can say i love going to the gym!
It's truly for any fitness level, they teach you the workouts and work with you.
The entire gym is warm and welcoming.
They have cookouts and other social gatherings  for the gym.
My girlfriend and i tried ez fitness and were pleasantly surprised.
The gym is nice i like the tanning.
Lots of reviews on here are of the people -- and that's not something the gym can really control.
I will say there's some questions about some of the gym "rules."
Check out omalza fitness on instagram for more info on the different classes and personal trainers!
Jason france is by far, bar none, the best trainer in the united states of america .
Due to jason's training and guidance, i am in the best shape of my life both physically and mentally.
The cardio machines are numerous and i've never had much trouble getting one.
I absolutely love this gym.
The classes are great and they don't charge extra for trx classes like some gyms.
The gym is never crowded unlike really popular gyms like la fitness.
This gym is perfect.
Planet fitness is just cardio machines, weight machines, and freeweights.
Their machines are well kept and better than anything i've used at other gyms (la fitness, pure fitness).
The gym is very clean.
All in all, i like this gym more than any other i've been in.
The two trainers,  benny and kendal have been nothing but motivational and professional.
Needless to say i have canceled my previous gym membership and signed up with power hour 360.
One of my girlfriends did 6 week challenge at this gym and her results were amazing!
I have been a member since 2012 of this gym.
But have been on again off again with a fitness routine.
It's an easy way for me to squeeze in an hour of fitness.
I also love the cardio dance workout with enrique on wednesday's at 9.
Other than that this gym is great, it has plenty of great elipitcal machines, treadmills, weights etc to use.
I love coming to the gym now.
I've been away from this gym for close to two years.
Anytime fitness is awesome!
I recently joined this gym not too long ago.
I go to this gym mainly for two reasons: barre class & cleanliness.
Their barre class is amazing, not many gyms offers this as a class!
And cleanliness, well who doesn't want a clean gym?!
I feel like there is something for everyone here, whatever level fitness, whatever you need.
I don't live at the gym and not there to make friends.
So happy i finally found my gym .
Yes- this location, which was once my local gym, is not close anymore- 35 minutes away from me (grrr)..
Although this gym is small in comparison to other calgary gyms it has lots to offer.
The gym is well staffed with awesome classes available.
I'm currently doing training classes and am already looking and feeling better.
It's a decent gym, nicer than what you might get at a college campus.
Lots of tvs are a plus, although i wish they had personal tvs on the cardio machines.
My personal trainer is fabulous (super flexible with scheduling too).
I read the review about the personal training.
If you're looking for a super fancy, pristine, shiny gym that seems more like a spa, this place isn't it.
But if you're looking for a well priced gym with plenty of equipment and convenience, this is the place!
[when s&f gets those tvs on the cardio machines, i'll definitely upgrade to 5 stars. ]
I am a visitor from florida and has an la fitness membership in a local club.
While i am visiting here, it is hard for me to find a gym.
I really don't have anything negative to say about this gym.
This gym is the best deal around!
And they have a world class pro competition trainer available.
Before i started body and brain yoga over 2 years ago, i was overweight and unhappy.
I love this gym.
It did take some getting used to but now i really enjoy this gym.
I get to use the redlight booths & tanning & hydromassage tables & personal training for $20 a month!
Fitness but they have a great ab circuit & a 30-minute cardio circuit happy workouts
Train with phil tolivar!
Best trainer at lvac.
The gym is always clean & has everything you need.
If you want a nice clean gym to socialize, then go join a posh club.
Hit the gym no matter how unmotivated you feel.
I've been training with jason for 3 years.
Jason has enabled me to greatly enhance my level of overall fitness... the kind required for spartan.
It also helps when the trainers know you by name and greet you by the door.
Still getting to know the new trainer, jordan.
I felt at home around people taking  their fitness seriously so i joined.
Great local gym run by a dedicated husband and wife team.
The trainers are great people and do a fantastic job at motivating us.
Knockout fitness provides motivating instructors to encourage and help you reach your goals for healthy and happy lifestyle.
Great place to drop in for work or a local gym to call home.
Everything is new, the gym is clean and not crowded.
The gym is well ventilated with clean bathrooms.
If you're into crossfit training, this is the gym you want to join.
Let's talk about what this gym is and what it isn't.
The price can't be beat and i find the vibe at the gym motivating.
Everything you could want from a bouldering gym.
I started coming to one kick's gym in march of 2011, and have had no regrets!
It's always clean, smells good, the weights get rewatched by the staff.
They leave weights all over the place and can be loud and rude.
That's not any fault of the gym though.
This is the gym my husband and i choose to go to over all of the locations.
I had a couple training sessions with peter v. all i can tell you is that he is amazing.
I would recommend him to anyone looking for a personal trainer
This is the best fitness club i've been to.
Lots of free weights, clean machines, lots of cardio, basketball, and cardio class room as well.
Huge steam room , plus a gym.
Love this new gym!
I use to be part of 24 hour fitness, but the there lockers smell, this place is great!
Ask for eric, he's awesome and will help you out with any questions for your training needs.
I have been a member of this gym for many years.
Other than that, great gym.
Youfit is a pretty straight forward gym.
This is a review for the gym overall.
Pros: cheap, not too many people, sufficient amount of weights/machines  cons: no classes offered  expect what you pay for!
Amazing gym with amazing coaches !
I've been to a few mma gyms and this one by far is the best i've experienced.
Come train with the best !
As a serial fitness center drop out i know that this place rocks.
Jamie and dom are the most awesome, thorough, and professional fitness trainers.
I have not hit a plateau yet because they help me change up my fitness and give nutrition advice.
Great motivational trainers, helpful and attentive.
They accommodate everyone no matter what fitness level.
The class consisted of a minute of cardio( bike or row) followed by a minute exercise.
Each station was ready with different size weights to fit your needs.
Almost, everything is rogue equipment (racks, barbells, weights, accessory equipment, etc.
And to prove it is a real strength and conditioning gym, they provide and encourage the use of chalk!
I will be back and highly recommend you visit the gym for local membership or visiting day pass use.
Unlike other trainers, jason concerns himself with mind, movement, proper nutrition and excellent recovery plans.
No frills gym with great equipment and friendly staff.
Defiantly worth the price for the gym.
Overload fitness truly does help you achieve amazing results.
The trainers are so knowledgeable.
I highly recommend overload fitness.
They offer weightlifting, powerlifting, strongman and combat training classes.
It's not your typical gym at all.
Afterwards i joined the everyone that had arrived for the friday fitness class.
No weights, 100% body workout, you against your body.
Features, rooftop pool and rooftop lounge area, full gym, clubhouse, lobby concierge and around the clock security.
This gym meets my needs
His level of fitness, nutrition, and time management are impressive!
I hope that helps you if you are making a personal trainer decision!
Reccomend for all forms of fitness.
This is hands down one of the best gym's in the area.
It has everything you could want from free weights, hammer strength machines, and circuit machines.
The cardio equipment is clean, always up and running, and almost all have tv's.
The staff is very friendly and also helps with all the training.
This place is the cheers of gyms!
I highly recommend this gym.
Its a love and hate relationship with the trainers.
I'm about to begin my own barre instructor training.
I've had a great experience with this gym!
Derrick, the trainer, really knows his stuff and brings your workout to another level!
I highly recommend the training if you can.
This is a great gym.
In my mind, this is what appears when i think of a serious gym.
This place is amazing for any fitness goals that you have in mind!
I'm paying $10 a month at this gym.
I hadn't been to a gym in 7-8 years.
Jordan guida is the best trainer!
Jen is an amazing trainer.
Jen mixes in cardio, weights, bootcamp and even pilates to my workout regimen.
I've moved from nc looking for a gym and asked around.
The gym is especially a wonderful deal for students as their price is low.
He has helped me getting situated with champaign as well as all questions inside the gym.
This gym has it all !
Hands down the best gym in the cleveland area.
The gym is always clean and their equipment are always in full function.
Tl; dr: great gym, no complaints.
Even though some of the cardio equipment is old and antiquated, this gym is pretty nice.
There are plenty of free weights and machines.
And even though the cardio equipment is old, it's kept in good working order.
This gym definitely has it's own personality...
Not an easy task for any gym.
Amazing gym for a reasonable price.
I always find a gym when out of town on business just to stay sane.
There was a section of free weights, benches and cables.
Another section that was basically core strength, and ample cardio equipment.
This reminded me of a large la fitness.
It would be great if the y offered a larger free weight area.
Really like this gym.
Also, they have all the machines and free weights you could want.
Planet fitness is 24/7 but they have zero free weights that would require an olympic bar.
Not possible at planet fitness.
Just moved to the area a few months ago and joined after years of belonging to another, larger chain gym.
Terry is one the best trainers i've come across.
Works with you, convenient and his gym is not only the cleanest but one of the best!
Eos is a pretty cool fitness gym.
Gym has lots of different options for a great workout too!
He combines an encyclopedic knowledge of training methodologies, proper form and nutrition, with an enthusiastic commitment to his clients.
Every training session is challenging, creative and most importantly fun.
Friendly staff and awesome trainers.
Awesome gym and awesome people.
Our family loves my gym!
We have enrolled in 2 different classes at my gym.
We also had 2 birthday parties at my gym which members receive a discount for.
This gym has all the equipment you could ask for.
They support and honor military families and the gym has everything you need for autosmoke..
I am guilty of going to big box, cookie cutter, no one knows your name type of gyms.
I have spent ungodly amounts of money on personal trainers, monthly memberships, and home equipment.
So i sucked it up and decided to give another gym a chance.
The manager, stefan, was very welcoming and understanding of my "gym-commitment hesitation."
It's definitely a place people actually go to work out and not the "tender" version of a gym.
I am someone who goes to the gym about 3 times a week.
Princeton club xpress has consistently checked all of those boxes and because of that i wouldn't consider another gym.
I feel like i'm getting a great gym for a great price and its really convenient!
The gym is very clean and has all the equipment you could want.
My trainer is tyson and he is great.
Hands down, the best muay thai kickboxing and jiu-jitsu training for children.
This gym just opened last week in the waterfront area in homestead pa.
If you've ever been a planet fitness member you'll recognize the fee structure.
Sadly, this is not a 24 hour gym.
The fitness studio for classes is a good sized room.
There is an area with kettlebells and weighted balls, an area with cardio machines and the weights area.
There are no tv's on the cardio equipment, they're handing from the ceiling.
Why gyms refuse to install this $40 piece of equipment i will never get.
Good variety of weights with dumbells up to 90lbs.
No signs reminding people to rerack their weights.
Also, there isn't at least so far any pushy personal training pitch.
I've been a fan of fitness with a twist since verona days.
I love this gym!
My trainer is lindsay who is also the owner and i love her!
It's a awesome gym.
I enjoyed their trainers!
I was very thankful when this gym opened up in my neighborhood and enjoy working out here.
One of the best gym i ever been.
It's a shame, staff was great clean gym always had supplements on sale.
Great gym for a low price.
I have been a member of this gym for about two years without complains.
Nice gym, very clean.
In a word?...awesome.and,ive been looking everywhere for a good gym when i am in town.
I fist worked out with ian at golds gym beofre he opened up his gym.
Ive been coming to omalza fitness,off and on for these past three years.
Ian and all his trainers are great and they are very knowledgeable.
But it does the work when your seeking weight loss.
I personally really like this gym.
Huge plus for him that there's a court in the gym.
More than the ride incorporates strength training and barre movements so i don't get bored easily.
Lol, this gym is so over the top i would almost call it a destination gym.
The weight lifting side of things is what sets this place apart.
The rest of the weight lifting side is set up well.
It's cheap, clean, has tanning, and has tons of cardio equipment.
I needed a 24 hour gym at a cheap rate to get my fasted cardio in before work.
I am so glad to have found this gym.
The gym itself is updated and the equipment is maintained.
If you're in between fountain hills and scottsdale, this is a good gym to belong to.
This is the first gym i have signed up with in a few years.
The locker room is always clean as well as the entire gym.
I have never waited to use a cardiovascular machine or other equipment.
I enjoy the feeling of not being a "meat market" gym like most other gyms are.
I am a weight lifter not an "aerobics class" guy.
It's great for beginners and advanced athletes weight lifters and ironmen/women.
The gym is pretty darn nice.
Lots of free weights which is very important to me.
Claire is great, i hope to start training with her soon.
I don't have to worry about gymitation either.
If you're looking for a clean basic gym that's available 24/7 that won't cost you a fortune.
I found off the grid fitness through a living social deal to attend their classes.
It's a smaller gym but has everything you might need.
The bootcamp is fast-paced and involves cardio, weights, resistance, and sometimes even a little trx.
Now that i've been going there for the entire summer, i plan on continuing to purchase their fitness class packages.
Been here twice so far and plenty of open machines whether you want cardio or weights.
Other than that, i love my gym.
They have a good selection of machines and multiple sets of free weights around the gym.
I truly enjoy this gym.
My favorite aspect of this gym has to be the beautiful yoga studio.
It's never super busy, everything is clean, great selection of cardio and weight lifting machines.
It's also an inexpensive gym compared to your typical la fitness or anytime fitness.
You can definitely hire a personal trainer if preferred, though i haven't.
What i like most about of the gym is their friendly, helpful staff.
They offer personal trainers and a variety classes but never try to lay on the muscle to pressure you in.
Probability the best gym in north america & in toronto.
I've tried couple of gyms in toronto and with a huge difference this is the best in town.
I have been at this gym since the day it opened.
The gym itself is amazing.
A few months ago i signed up to have a personal trainer.
I was assigned with amanda garcia and i could not of asked for a better trainer.
I will forever keep coming to this gym.
For those not familiar with orangetheory, it is an hour class that combines cardio and strength.
My trainer, trevor, was motivating and excited to be training my class.
The equipment is new and clean, in fact, the whole place is generally pretty clean for a public gym.
The towels are free to use unlike most gyms where you have to pay extra just to borrow them.
There are kettlebells and most gyms don't have that either.
I was expecting, you know, massive weights and running 'til i puked.
I moved to this gym after doing bootcamp for a year and wasn't seeing anymore results.
Zumba at ez fitness is no joke!
Amazing cardio workout with the amazing eva!
Manard elmer is a great trainer.... even better person.
Good trainers are hard to find, but this guy is awesome!!!!
The gym is minimally adequate for a quick work out.
I've known lorel stevens, one of the trainers for more than 20 years.
As a licensed massage therapist and personal trainer she knows how the muscles work and how to get healthy safely.
Paired with crossfit class, it provides a more holistic method of reaching your fitness goals.
They both have a lot of experience in coaching, crossfit and weightlifting and it definitely shows!
Friendly, professional staff and the gym itself is super clean with weights put back where they go!
They even had a few machines to really isolate areas i haven't seen in other gyms.
Great workout, excellent trainers/motivators, very clean facility and a centralized location what more could you ask for!
I then purchased a package to supplement my workouts from my other gym.
Still, it's a lot smaller than the gym i'm used to.
Of course, just like any gym, it has it's flaws but i wouldn't choose any other gym over it.
Well, this was my first look at the gym and i'm impressed.
Exclusive, clean, top machines, and even better instructors and trainers.
I love this gym.
The club was always trying to up-sell training fees and various products to you.
All age groups and fitness levels participate.
I love my funktional fitness family!
Snap fitness in summerlin is the place to work out.
This gym is amazing!
I signed up with my friend and luke was her trainer.
The class schedule is outstanding and i still haven't found a gym that comes close to matching it.
Everything i wanted in a gym.
And thanks to the inexpensive cost i have lost an additional 20lbs in my weight loss journey.
Amazing place, super clean, great schedule,super friendly, great work outs, i'm super happy to been here training every day!!!
I've been going to this gym for several years.
The locker room and gym are clean, which is very important to me.
There's also always room to park because of the large parking lot specifically for people going to the gym.
I can honestly say it's the best gym i've ever been a member of.
Been training here for over 3 years and still learn something new in every class.
Thanks for the awesome training!
I have just begun going to the gym regularly again.
The location offers packages to work with personal trainers to fit just about any budget and need.
Some of the trainers are helpful and motivating.
I am currently taking part in the personal training program and i absolutely love it.
I have the most amazing trainer, amanda garcia!
She keeps me motivated and holds me very accountable which is important while i make progress in my fitness journey.
This gym is very clean and the staff is very friendly.
I highly recommend you try this gym out for yourself!
I've been under medically supervised weight loss with my doctor since january.
The trainers were also exceptional, and very competent.
I worked out mainly in the morning so the trainer i usually saw was luke.
I'm happy i did the 1 month here, even though i wasn't successful in my weight loss journey.
Or any of the trainers, all their numbers are listed either on the door or inside the gym.
The quality of this gym is only exceeded by the people who run it.
This gym is spectacular, best selection of workout equipment i've seen.
I like that all the equipment is not all the same thus a huge variety of workout machines and cardio.
I have never been to a climbing gym that has 4 different floors!!
By far, the best crossfit gym in the city.
Justin (the owner) really loves what he does and it shows in the quality of training and customer service.
The place is clean and has easy to manage workout stations for those of us intimidated by weight lifting .
Lots of cardio machine.
Love my glendale gym!!!
I apologize for any inconvenience our gym has brought to our members ...
I personally try my best to keep our gym sanitary and friendly!
Personal trainer director jasmine e.
It's sort of like anytime fitness but it has more equipment and no crazy initiation fees.
I originally started off at a regular gym, then moved to orange theory.
The biking aspect of the workout kills me and the trainers are so amazing!
Parfait pour un gym d'cole.
I absolutely love omalza fitness!
I began training with delmar in december and became truly dedicated in january.
I have attempted to workout at other gyms for years but i would find myself bored and not engaged.
This gym and training with delmar was the cure to my lack of dedication.
No other place is like this gym.
This is my home gym- i'm here at least every other day.
Like any gym, it's crowded between 5-8pm so don't be surprised if your group class has no elbow room.
Management is pretty good about repairing equipment, though lately there have been issues with the video/audio in the cardio area.
Chris is an amazing personal trainer and coach.
They really treat you like family and i'm so glad i chose to make them my gym home!
I started a personal training program with angie greene 4.5 months ago, and i've never looked back.
I've quit my other very trendy cleveland gym, and am fully committed to angie and the tremont athletic club experience.
This gym is cheap, conveniently located, has no contracts and helped me lose over 20 pounds.
I hate the gym.
That said, i love this gym.
It's a smaller space that is very clean and smells nothing like a gym.
They have a good selection of equipment and free weights.
Best gym in charlotte!
It's a great gym.
The new yoga studio is a great addition to the whole experience and variety of wellness options at the gym!
My daughter takes gymnastics and loves this two hour class.
Starting a new gym can be intimidating when you haven't dusted off your work out clothes in years.
But kinesis konnection has made my transition back into the "gym" actually fun.
This is what i expected 24 fitness super sport gym to be like.
Favorite gym of all times.
Knowledgeable, professional, motivating trainers and good equipment  in a welcoming environment for all ages and fitness levels.
My go to gym!
I have been a member of this gym for quite some time now.
I know that is my own fault for not taking advantage of the personal trainers they have, but still.
Other than that, there is plenty of parking, the place is clean and the cardio room has modern equipment.
There is a fair amount of weight room equipment also.
The summerlin gold's doesn't charge for visiting members of other gold's  gyms.
This is a great gym if you really want to train.
If your thinking of getting personal training the trainers there are excellent.
The head trainer tj will usually workout with you for the first session and pair you up with a trainer.
Whoever you get all of the trainers there are great!
With his help i have perfected my form, substantially increased the weight i can lift and have improved my definition.
It's a great gym to accomplish your goals whatever they are.
This is the best gym as far as i'm concerned because of the people who work here.
Really enjoyed this gym!
I actually just cancelled my membership, but not because i did not enjoy coming to this gym.
There is the main gym area upstairs and a smaller one downstairs, which is nice if you want somewhere quiet.
There are always trainers walking around in case you need some tips.
Other services: when you join, you get a free personal training session and one on one pilates reformer session.
Lastly, i was hesitant to join this gym initially because i thought it would be too scene-y.
So overall, i would recommend equinox for a certain type of gym goer.
I come here 5 times a week, maybe i'll sign up for personal training.
I love this place to get my cardio in.
Over all i love this gym... and would recommend it to everyone!
I have been to trainers before but this is so much better.
I have just joined with anytime fitness i was referred by a friend that goes to the location on sahara.
The client here can be paired with a trainer and they will help you to reach your goal.
I am so impressed with how small that it is l, but how personalized that it makes the gym.
They want you to experience the gym and all the services that they offer before you sign up.
The gym is very well maintained and has all the equipment that is needed to get into shape .
I am so glad that i found this gym and so close to my house.
I've been a member at planet fitness since april and i love it.
It's just a gym which is all i need and want.
Even when it's "crowded", there is never a wait for machines or cardio equipment.
I don't feel judged using this gym and that was a big factor for me.
She gave me a ton of guest passes to give to friends/family that wanted to try the gym out.
There is a yearly maintenance fee but it still is a great price for a gym membership.
Overall, crunch is a great gym and i recommend it to everyone!
I have been a mountainside fitness member since august.
This is my gym in vegas, although i'm so tired after work, i still get excited to come here.
Where else can you get house music and hip hop in a gym??
In april of 2016 i had reached my heaviest weight that i had ever been.
Tired all the time, depressed and frustrated with the lack of my own self motivation at typical gym.
Kanoa is the owner and the other trainer, jesse, is just as knowledgable, supportive and patient.
I work 50/60 hours a week, the gym hours are completely flexible which is something that is so important.
I hate feeling pressured to arrive at a gym for a specific time of when a class starts.
I was bored with my previous gym and was looking for a new challenge.
I cancelled my other gym membership after 2 classes at ph360.
Trainers benny and kendall are terrific.
The staff does on site training (but it costs extra) if your interested!
This gym just opened 3 days ago.
The training has given me a balance of physical, mental, and spiritual peace.
We have the choice of furthering our training by optional workshops.
Tthis is a business, though these trainers genuinely care about each student in an individual manner.
My praise to a real class act studio and trainers..
The best gym around!!
I have been to a few mma gyms in the valley and none match up to ukf!
The gym also offers racquetball which is a fun alternative to workout.
Great gym but music is way too loud!!
Facility has lots of cardio machines and you can usually get a machine even during their busier times.
Reasonable amount of group fitness classes as well.
This gym is under new management so take the old reviews with a grain of salt.
New cardio equipment is set to arrive mid october including treadmills, bicycles, ellipticals and my personal favorite: the stair master.
I've worked out at mountainside, la fitness and lifetime but this one is my favorite.
It's a ver low traffic gym quiet on late nights when i go in to get a quick run in.
A warm pool, lap pool, two hot tubs, cardio/weight room upstairs, weight room downstairs, raquetball courts, you name it.
I love this gym, the personnel there have the best attitudes, greeting you as you come in and leave.
A hot tub and a sauna is just two more awesome features this gym has.
I work with a personal trainer and i've never enjoyed it more.
She trained me in some work outs and showed me exactly how to use a lot of the equipment there.
It's honestly not very expensive to belong to this gym either.
Hands down the best gym you will ever find.
Koko is like having a personal trainer without having someone breathing down your neck.
After doing koko, i will never go back to a regular gym.
While visiting family in phoenix, my wife and i have visited quite a few crossfit gyms.
I've been a member of various gyms in the area and this gym is the best imo.
A good amount machines and free weights.
This gym has everything i need and the monthly price is ridiculously affordable.
5pm is by far the worst time but all in all i really like this gym!
Clean gym, friendly staff, cheap monthly rate and not too crowded.
Geared toward new gymbies but it has enough equipment for people who are more experienced/comfortable with weights and machines.
Omalza fitness is a great place for all types of fitness.
The staff are encouraging, helpful, and truly make omalza fitness feel like a home.
The trainers definitely push you to your limit and make sure you get a great full body work out.
The cardio machines get very crowded at peak times but i can usually find something to do.
Very much enjoy group power, yoga, and cycling classes through the group fitness.
There is so much more than training that exhale offers.
Great fun getting healthier in this upbeat and modern gym.
I have been a member since close to opening day and especially enjoy working out my personal trainer kevin quirk.
The team is friendly and i enjoy the little things they do to make the gym a community.
The staff here was friendly, the gym always clean and the kids loved to spend time in their kids club.
I wish all the 24 hour fitness facilities were this well kept and managed.
This is my favorite gym in las vegas.
I tried out several gyms when i first moved to town: lifetime fitness felt more family/activity-oriented (like a big ymca).
All the tiny neighborhood gyms were too small with not enough equipment.
24 hour fitness was the perfect balance of good equipment, a wide variety of clients, and great trainers.
I've been coming here for years now and don't imagine ever changing gyms.
The trainers i've met casually are also amazing.
I really enjoyed my time training with him!
This is my local gym so no major complaints.
I have bought a 10-class pass at quad and i am happy - and i usually dislike gyms.
This is my home gym.
It was my first time and chris , the trainer was helpful without being overwhelming.
A true professional that took my health & fitness to the next level.
I've been lucky to work with multiple trainers and you get the same dedication and drive from them all.
Coming from cramped, decrepit gyms in nyc that charge ten times the price, there's little to complain about this facility.
Buried in my gym bag, inside my wallet.
Please start using key ring cards like every other gym i've ever belonged to.
I gave david barton gym another try finding out they have had a lot of changes with staff and memberships.
It's a mini spa within a gym and it's very affordable for the amenities they provide!
Thank you david barton for staffing great employees who take care of the gym!
I knew the original owners when they built this gym.
I have been to all three gyms that currently exist in las vegas.
Nevada climbing center is primarily a top rope gym.
The newest gym, refuge, is completely a bouldering gym and does not have a rope in the place.
I don't understand why some reviewers have said that the gym is dirty.
No other gym in town has auto belays.
Yes, sometimes there are a lot of kids in the gym.
Consequently, the gym is usually not very busy on weekends with nice weather.
If you want a time with fewer climbers in the gym, go on a weekend morning.
Ken and the rest of the trainers are amazing!
Their encouragement helps keep me motivated in my fitness journey.
I also gained more knowledge about health and nutrition than any other gym has given me.
In town for the winter, looking for a gym with no month commitment.
The gym has all the basics that you need for your workout.
Sohail, the owner, and shaun, who mainly runs the gym as well as the fitness classes, are the best!
Moving on--the gym is small but has everything i need.
The cardio machines are well-maintained most have a personal television.
They are both great, and free with your gym membership.
It's like getting free training sessions!
Speaking of training, shaun does personal training as well.
There is at least one other trainer too.
You do get one free training session when you join.
And of course, one of the biggest perks of anytime fitness is that it is open 24/7, even on holidays.
Great people, great gym.
I never have an issue trying to get the machine or weights i need.
Okay, spa is really nice, but... gym is literally packed all day long.
Boe's is one of the longest standing gyms in vegas?
They have a developing after-school kids program and several attentive coaches in the gym regularly.
Boe himself is the nicest guy and will personally help you reach your fitness goals.
I have been to a ton of gyms here in vegas, and this has always been home.
You might have an argument if you're looking for a big weight room or extremely expanded hours.
They have a great variety of cardio machines, and a good number of weight machines.
There is also a big free weight area, but i don't use it very often.
Gold's gym often gets a bad rap.
It's looked upon as the gym where all the juice heads go, and where all the girls get hit on.
Overall this is a solid gym, with a little less frills than you would find at the bigger gyms.
I am excited about big joe's little gym, and i wanted to share that with you.
Even though my workouts were on my own, i was supervised, as he was in the gym working with others.
Ez fitness the place to be!!
Two months of working with trainer sherriana 13 lbs off and 18.5 inches throughout gone.
I highly recommend this gym!
I really like this gym for their machines, they have the basics and are in very good shape.
Will recommend to anyone who is interested in pole fitness.
I've been going to the gym for two years and it hasn't become dull in the slightest.
They offer classes: such as boxing, bulgarian bag, conditioning, kettlebell, and beginning weightlifting.
They also offer personal training in either one on one settings or with a small group of 2-4.
It's the closest thing i can find to my gym that i loved in los angeles, equinox.
Best bang for buck gym in mississauga.
I've been working out in golds gym for ever!!
In nj....tx...and az it's the only gym on earth.
Golds is the gym.
Ever since joining kanoa's strength gym, i have learned and improved so much.
Honestly, i was considering switching gyms until i talked to andrew.
It really takes fitness to a different level when you bring in a small social aspect to it.
This is a great neighborhood gym with a wide variety of machines and options for working out.
Everyone is extremely friendly, and the personal trainers are excellent.
This is a great gym and i highly recommend it!
The coaches at el jefe crossfit go above and beyond to meet your health and fitness goals!!!
Whatever you like to do...weightlifting, powerlifting, strongman, crossfit wods...they have it!
Beautiful gym, great location, great people!
I recommend both the gym and angie to anyone who seeks a holistic approach to strength training.
I'm muscled and lean and see fitness as a journey where you always strive to meet the next challenge.
Angie's training is at the top of the game.
The place to have a great fitness experience classes are free with membership.
This is the best gym by far in gilbert/mesa location!!!
The gym is regularly maintained and the cleanliness is above average.
I really like this gym.
There are plenty of free weights and weight machines as well.
This gym has become my second home!
They have created something special between the walls of this gym.
I started as a 6 week challenger and i now practically live at this gym 3 months later...
I have met personal weight loss goals, strength goals, and much much more.
Houses a boxing room and a separate space for personal training.
- a certain employee at this gym is very homophobic.
- the assessments are meant to make you feel like shit and sell you a very expensive personal training package.
Everyone at the gym is kind and friendly.
The gym is fairly well equipped.
With no questions, the best gym i have ever been a member of.
Also, the style of the gym is something between art gallery/ night club / spa/ modern lounge.
Tons of classes with awesome trainers.
Give this gym a try, they have amazing specials, and it's not that expensive as it looks.
Besides the health and fitness results that come from working with max, it's an ego boost.
If you are looking for a trainer who will be able to deliver on the promises, max is the guy.
You get exactly what you pay for and this luxury gym is worth every dime.
I actually look forward to working out and enjoying my gym time.
This gym is awesome.
I would recommend this gym to anyone.
This gym is the biggest 24 i've been to!
I'd love to come back to this gym but it's 25 mins from me.
Regular gyms always intimidated me with never knowing how all the machines worked or if my form was correct.
You get to work out with other six week challengers and gym members.
This really is a great gym.
The trainers are nice, and so are the students.
Sparring was much more about learning and improving than beating up your training partners.
I trained there during the summer while i was off from school and i had a great experience!
If yes then you must go to ultimate training center.
I've worked out at pretty much every gym in scottsdale and off the grid is by far the best.
The trainers are amazing and i love how they motivate and push me to work harder.
The mornings aren't crowded, so you rarely have to wait around for weights or a machine.
The gym temp is always cool and the bathrooms are usually spotless.
As previously mentioned the feel is much more relaxed and welcoming than "gym ratty".
Fitness works is the cheapest we could find but guess what... its not free!
Off the grid trainers are excellent.
My trainer of 2.5 years is amazing.
I've worked with other trainers; however, conor clancy (my off the grid trainer)  is amazing!
The gym is for those who appreciate excellence.
Leaving la fitness was the best decision i've made.
The best place to bring kids not just to learn gymnastic also discipline for life.
I love this gym.
Good variety of fitness classes.
This is the first review i've written, simply because this gym is way too underestimated and underrated on yelp.
There are other trainers there i don't know by name but i've always been impressed with their professionalism.
I would recommend this gym to anyone regardless of shape, age, gender.
Friendly people, and clean gym.
It's open 24hrs a day and they have sufficient machines and weights for a small gym.
Love the gym and prices are reasonable.
So much nicer than the elyria planet fitness.
I like that the cup holder for the arc trainer is in front.
I like this gym a lot.
Lifting weights or running on the treadmill is just too boring for you?
The general manager is great with members and i love the personal training
My fiancee and i had vince as a trainer.
The trainer had high, positive energy and was very motivating.
I hired lucas james to help me lose weight and get fit.
His training program works.
I love the interval style workouts and the focus on strength training.
The classes are small so it is still personal and they will adjust anything to fit your specific fitness abilities.
There are not enough good things one can say about this local gym.
Inside the gym, you get the feel that this place is all about power.
You will get stronger training here...the only limitations are you.
The gym is complete with everything a strength athlete could want.
Iron asylum is the spot in northeastern ohio for training.
Out of the few planet fitness gyms i have been too, brook park planet fitness is my favorite.
Cardio machines are always available.
Overall happy with this gym.
I have only complaint, the gym is 24/5 monday thru friday.
This is a very accommodating gym with great service.
The gym is fairly large in size and is equipped with bathrooms, showers, and lockers.
They have wifi and a great app that allows you to engage with your gym!
At 7th street gym, the first thing that will hit you is value!!
7th street gym truly has it all!!
I truly look forward to hitting 7th street gym everyday and i promise you will too!
I'm currently signed with this gym.
Best times are spent at eos fitness !
Plus the selection of machines, free weights, or circuit equipment is a huge plus.
De la fit = fitness for everyone!
The man i train with, brian, is one of my favourite people.
He has helped me reach fitness goals i would never have imagined.
I have been a member since 2011 and have to say this is my longest running gym membership ever.
I enrolled with jeremiah for personal training before my wedding.
The gym is clean and well kept.
Mountainside fitness is a fantastic gym!
I was lucky enough to have jordan g as my personal trainer.
He is by far the best trainer i have worked with!
His knowledge of fitness and nutrition is exceptional and he has a great personality!
I highly recommend jordan if anyone is looking for personal training!
Extreme fitness is probably the hottest and most well equiped gym i've ever been to.
This gym doesnt even compare to the gym atmosphere in my building.
It was a sure step up from the fitness center.
I have been training at mint body since august and i am more than pleased with my results.
I never struggled with getting workouts or physical activity in, but still was challenged with keeping my weight in check.
Cailtlin smith is the most awesome trainer.
I have lost well over 20 pounds and really glad i choose her as a trainer.
The cardio room with the movies playing is different and a unique touch.
Teens love the weight room & basketball court.
Wish they offered more classes and fitness classrooms were swept between morning & evening classes though.
I was definitely hesitant to start this 6-week challenge with omalza fitness.
They set me up with personal training, a nutritionist, and daily coaching to help reach my goal.
This is a nice cozy gym.
Everyone in this gym is so supportive and will help motivate you to become the best version of yourself.
I have been coming to this gym a little over a year now and absolutely love it!
Kanoa and jesse are the best trainers around.
Before coming to this gym, i felt like it was a chore to go into the gym and dreaded it.
By signing up with this gym, it has completely changed my outlook on working out.
This gym is not your normal gym.
This is a strengthening gym -- so no aerobics classes here.
If you aren't motivated on your own to workout, then you might want to consider the $10/mo gyms.
They offered extended gym time, but i won't be in the area enough to compensate the difference.
I paid the gym for no reason!!
(legit my birthday was sept 13 and the gym didn't even send a birthday message!)
Tac is a great gym.
Angie has a very defined philosophy about fitness, health and exercise that absolutely works for me.
My goal was to loose weight and improve my soccer game.
I am half way to my weight loss goal and have dramatically improved my strength and endurance.
I would highly recommend ian to someone starting their fitness journey or looking to take it to the next level.
It was similar to a gymboree class, but a bit more spacious.
The gym is similar to desert gymcats, but on a smaller and newer scale.
I have to say, though, the best thing about this place is the weights/strength training options.
Wish my gym did the same!
Well organized gym with something for everyone, even the most for the most advanced.
I've been coming to knockout fitness in surprise for 4 months.
The weight area is small and needs a little more expansion.
They offer personal training that is worth the price.
The quality and type of training (old school) is exactly what i was looking for.
You can work with individual trainers or as part of a group.
All trainers have actual amateur and/or professional experience.
They have any and all the fitness classes etc that you may be looking for.
On 3 then broke into 3 groups (weight room, treadmill and rowing).
You could get the same effect with a little planning and do everything at your $10 gym.
I signed up for this gym after moving into a new apartment complex with a horrendous fitness center.
I started going to kanoa strength gym 6 months ago.
I found kanoa through a friend after i had interviewed personal trainers to work with.
He invited me to the gym for a work out and chat.
I got to the gym after work and was very nervous.
I haven't belonged to a gym in over a decade, and this was not an ordinary gym.
Its truly like having a personal trainer without the high price tag.
Recently went in and signed up for weight loss program.
David barton prides itself on being a low-volume boutique gym and they absolutely should.
This is probably the cleanest gym i've ever seen.
Just recently joined this club  big fan of their weights area and love that they have a basketball court.
I cancelled my other gym membership and am giving this a shot.
This is a great, inexpensive gym.
Lots of cardio equipment, 4 squat racks, and pretty much 2 of most of the other equipment.
In a nutshell this is just an overall great gym.
As a gym rat who has been around a while, you just can't beat this place.
I thought fitness works deserved their own yelp, so i am writing this.
I was not a gym person nor did i ever want to go work out for fun.
Jamison and stephanie are the best trainers!
- mondays & wednesdays are cardio, tuesdays & thursdays are strength/resistance, fridays & saturdays are a hybrid.
- one of the trainers explains what you'll be doing & the other demos it.
As i mentioned earlier, the trainers will come by & help you if needed.
El jefe is the place you come to train hard, destroy goals.
So get in there and move some heavy weight!
The gym also has a weight area that i use to complete my workout.
Overall, best bouldering gym in town and a very convenient location.
Update:  finally got my gym bag, thanks guys!!!
So anthony p is not a worker outer he's a trainer...
It's definitely overpriced if you need a treadmill and find yourself occassionaly tinkering with free weights.
Not everybody needs  a trainer or a building to get fit.
At the suggestion of a friend, i visited planet fitness this past sunday.
This gym doesn't cater to body-builders (no free weights over 60 lbs., for example), and that's perfectly fine with me.
Planet fitness also has spacious and clean locker rooms, although the lockers are first-come, first-served, and they don't actually lock.
Finally, a gym i can go to close to home!
(northwest area) explored other gyms around the area and this one was the best one!
It's a combination of cardio (treadmill and rower), floor workouts (weights), and boxing.
I've never had a personal trainer before coming to olmaza but i don't see myself going anywhere else!
Great for  anyone at any fitness level.
So glad i found this fitness group.
All of their trainers are very knowledgeable and know how to push you to get the best workout possible.
Real gym for people who love to lift.
I like to lift weights, but i don't want to work out in the main weight room downstairs.
This wasn't a problem until recently, when they took out the weight bench upstairs.
When i asked the girl at the fitness desk where it was, she said "it's downstairs".
The trainers are fun and helpful.
I tried out funktional fitness at the recommendation of a friend.
The workouts consist of carefully constructed interval training, with each day of the week having a specific focus.
I'm a new member of eos and i am super pumped to begin my workout journey at this gym!
I left my previous gym because they did not have as much equipment and no classes to take.
I love that this gym has a free standing squat rack!
Unmatched training and professionalism in the charlotte/matthews area.
24 hour fitnesses have different level to the gym.
I was very impressed with the friendly staff there and the neatness of the gym overall.
This fitness studio is a 10/10 in my books.
This isn't my gym.
The machines are actually name brand, and the same kind lifetime fitness has - they just happen to be purple.
All in all, i suppose if i had to change gyms.
The gym is a bit small but i've never had a problem getting through my workout.
Wow i am so very pleased with the positive energy, the staff and the gym all together.
I would recommend grind to anyone at any level of fitness.
Awesome location like all the others i love this gym.
Great trainers, friendly staff and an awesome gym.
This is a "no pressure" box where athletes of all levels can come and train.
Open 7 days a week with various class times and open gym time.
The class is tough but it feels so good to be weightless and buoyant when you are pregnant.
A ton of cardio equipment, stationary weight machines, a smaller, but still, free weight section, and a 30-minute workout section.
They also have a ton of tvs with hookup on cardio for sound.
It is like having your own gym!
I have been up and down with my weight for the last 3 years.
I followed their directions and consistently kept losing weight.
All the trainers are great at omalza and all the workouts are intense.
I'm at the end of my 6 week challenge and i decided to join the gym.
I love it and i get to continue the support from all the trainers.
I've trained in all locations.
Great for all levels of training.
Although i didn't lose weight (not my goal), i ended up losing two sizes in jeans.
I can truly say omalza fitness is saving my life !
I even want to train twice a day, the meal plans are good too!
I highly recommend #omalzafitness !
Planet fitness actually feels like it's "no judgement" tagline.
There are people of all ages and fitness levels.
There are two of every weight lifting machine, and there are people other than jacked dudes using them!
That's my favorite thing about this gym.
There are no fitness classes (though there is one personal trainer) and no pool.
And the weight lifting machines are varied and actually usable!
Once you pay for a service or the gym you can come back until closing.
I like planet fitness.
I've only really interacted with the trainer sunny, but i've heard the rest of the gilbert trainers are fun.
I usually don't write reviews, however i looked up on  yelp closest gym and eos came up.
Definitely will come see him and this gym in the near future.
This gym and the staff were great!
The gym is clean and the staff is friendly.
Excellent gym that we use for our training every time we're in vegas.
The facility is awesome with a large amount of racks, weights, and everything you need.
I've never felt more motivated in my life to stay physically fit and to lose weight!
I would say that tessa g. is the most motivating trainer there!
Fun atmosphere with an intense cardio/core workout.
I worked out for the week and they have excellent equipment to suit all kinds of fitness styles.
If this gym were not so inconveniently located for those coming from downtown after work, i'd probably still be going.
The men's "change room" consists of a small semi-closed off cluster of lockers in the main gym area.
I highly recommend this gym.
I've been training with stephanie on the reformer (pilates) for almost a year now and she is fantastic.
I've been personal training with brandon since september and he is tough on form which is so important.
Trainers are really genuine and want to help you succeed in your weight loss goals.
Review of gym:  it meets the standards of a luxury apartment gym.
The size of the gym is small but it provides 2 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, and a weight room.
Lastly, they provide towels and a water cooler in the gym!
Gym access is limited to renters but their guests are allowed to use their facilities.
Know how i know you're better than 24 hour fitness?
This gym is new and well maintained.
This is an all bouldering gym, so if you want to do routes, try one of the others.
Pretty good gym experience here, though it gets crowded.
The gym is large and clean and has plenty of equipment, but the busy hours are busy.
Very solid gym, new equipment and clean.
New to yelp, but i have been a mountainside fitness member for four years.
I've been a member with this gym for about 4 years now and i have no complaints.
The facility has all the equipment that i need to help me get to my fitness goals.
The trainers are always positive and upbeat !
The point of a gym is to promote a healthy lifestyle.
I'm not a crazy gym person, so this one fits my speed.
Jo is a great trainer there.
First off, it's a bouldering only gym!
I love the fitness area here.
I climb so much better when i get a 15 minute cardio warm up and some strength training in first.
Not a bad place cory is always really uplifting every day i walk into the gym.
Mischa my personal trainer has helped me tremendously with recovering from my knee surgery.
The trainers/instructors are very personable.
Now the cost vs. a traditional gym is higher, however the benefits outlined above i believe are worth the cost.
I joined this gym as it is close to my house.
I work with a trainer, marci, 1 x week and she pushes me to get stronger and leaner.
The gym fulfilled my expectations and i will be returning and hopefully become a member.
Life happened, turned 40-ish and i needed to jump back on the fitness train.
By far this is the best group fitness i've ever done.
But i needed a push without the personal trainer price tag.
Jamison and stephanie are awesome trainers.
Regardless of fitness level the classes will give you what you need at your abilities.
Contact the gym for a free trial!
Clean, spacious, and motivating fitness facility!
This is the best la fitness i've been to, and i want to give a very well-deserved shoutout to chez.
But more important than weight is how my body's reshaped itself.
By the way, never trust a program that promises just weight loss.
As far as the gym goes i haven't seen much change since it changed from golds, two thumbs up.
Went here for some ball runs and cardio and turned out pretty good.
We love the little gym!
One of the things i like about this gym is the affordability.
Not only did i join this gym but i also have a personal trainer twice a week.
I have lost some weight, kept my blood pressure down and feel so much better since working out with trevor.
Free fitness classes and facility use for their open house, 1 day only to celebrate their new renovations.
:p  1hr: i started with weights and running.
Xd staff and other gym members were nice enough to show me how to use it.
1hr: i moved onto a fitness bootcamp class.
Shawn bork is a great trainer.
Very intense gym for some of the best training around, can also take classes for cardio or self confidence
Great facility, my trainer adam helped me gain 20 lbs of muscle.
Clean gym, friendly environment and has all the equipment you need for a full body workout.
The owners are nice & helpful, and so are the trainers!
Just started training with ian and the other trainers.
I'm so excited to continue my fitness journey here!
Free-weights:  at this location, there's plenty of if.
Plenty of machines and cardio.
My only issue with their cardio, the treadmills are sometimes out of order.
Clean gym with clean restrooms  5.
Nothing beats free-weights, but there's still a place for machines like extensions and leg curls.
Ps:  like all other gyms, this one is super packed on monday's around 5 pm.
Not only do i love working out at orangetheory, but i also love the members and trainers here.
The trainers are motivating and helpful.
60 minutes of training at your own pace with a fun twist.
I do not enjoy personal trainers, so a machine trainer is the next best thing.
B.  cardio - 2 elliptical and 3 walking machines.
Just the right amount and having the headphone with the programmed training choices is great.
30 minutes strength test with the machine trainer measuring your timing and all works for me.
This is great gym, comfortable, just right and perfect for my habits!
I started coming to this gym in november of 2015 and absolutely love it.
There is a sense of community that i've never seen in any gym ever.
Couldn't say enough good things about mountainside fitness.
But non of these gyms compare to mountainside fitness.
But the biggest difference for me is the people who work there especially the trainers!
I'm 22 years old played college basketball and have been into fitness my entire life.
The staff is really welcoming and they have trainers who are always willing to answer questions.
No matter where you are on your fitness journey, you can definitely find a place at old school iron!
The gym is big and clean.
Ez fitness is where they make fitness fun!
As far as apartment/condo gyms go it's solid.
Been coming to this gym for over 2 years...   have never taken spin or yoga with elisa until last week.
My teenage son just joined this gym.
A big mix of people train here.
We highly recommend this gym.
Mygym is great for energetic kids!
I have been a member of this gym for about 3 years now.
Great gym for a low price.
After my legs and butt were getting super tired, i was happy to move into strength training!
I've been going to this gym for about 4 years.
Will always be my favorite gym
I have heard stories about planet fitness but i love it here.
It's a clean, up to date gym with most of the things you need for a good daily workout.
Yes, it's lacking classes and big locker rooms, but if that's your thing, then check out la fitness.
I use youfit as just an easy place to go for cardio and weights so i can't complain too much.
There are a ton of cardio machines and you never have to weight.
I do wish they had some more variety in cardio machines, especially a few different types of elliptical machines.
All of the cardio machines have their own tvs built in which is really nice!
The weight area is good!
Lots of machines and an ok size free weight area.
My personal trainer danny is awesome and has helped me get into better shape.
I love planet fitness!!
Absolutely, without a doubt the cleanest gym i've ever been in.
Cons: 1) there are no classes at this gym, just machines.
2) weightlifting section is tiny.
I always thought of gyms as being a safe zone when trying to reach health/fitness goals... not so here.
With pf as a gym that caters to people just starting their fitness journey, this blows my mind.
This gym is cheap, clean, and worth the $10 (even if you just stop in for the free food).
It is apparent that the manager truly cares about the gym.
Staff is friendly and not pushy, you can meet with a personal trainer or not, your choice.
Amanda garcia is an excellent fitness trainer!
I had experience with other trainers from other health clubs.
Amanda is the most thorough and attentive of any trainer i have worked with.
F45 is hands down the best gym i've ever been to!!!
The trainers, stephanie and jamison are awesome!
The centre has a gym, swimming pool, fitness centre, an indoor track, lounge, a second cup and massage services.
The gym is clean and the equipment well maintained.
This place is huge compared to my previous gym.
I signed up for the personal training sessions and it was the best decision i've made.
My trainor liselle west is awesome!
The trainers are the best of the best.
All the trainers are very knowledgeable and motivating if you choose to do personal training or group classes.
The location of the gym is easy to get to, right off the freeway and parking is abundant.
The gym is new, a good size and a lot of useful equipment.
I would highly recommend omalza if you're looking for results with personal training and group classes.
Group fitness classes for members.
This is a great gym for any level athlete.
We have made great friends from the gym as all the members are very personable and supportive.
The gym itself is super clean.
The owners themselves are innovative and open to member's ideas which helps keep the gym fresh.
It's not a meat market, like i've seen other fitness clubs as.
Lyn is like a ninja & if you appreciate a ninja trainer like i do, you'll love her!
After losing a lot of weight, i was seeking a place to help me tone and firm my body.
Aside from my training sessions, i get "homework" and feedback on my diet/nutrition.
Both facilities are adorable and have great equipment for use during training sessions.
The gym is very spacious and i see people of all ages.
They offer a $99/three training session which i will try & of course fill you in on.
I've now been with eat the frog fitness for 13 months and almost 300 workouts.
We don't care for la fitness as their gyms are way too busy and crowdy.
Gyms are trashy, feel dirty and looks dirty.
Anyways, back to planet fitness this location is clean and smells clean.
Planet fitness is simple and a inexpensive way to work out and it's open 24 hours!!!!
We will be cancelling our membership at la fitness we don't have a contract with them.
I was a member of this gym for about a year and half and could not have been happier.
Having moved to scottsdale, this gym is too far of a drive now for me.
One major concern i had about going to a gym was safety.
He told me about a story from this gym.
One of his trainers was getting hit on by a patron.
You get a free full workout, body analysis, and workout planning session with a personal trainer.
But for ongoing tips and general fitness coaching, i love that there is someone i can talk to.
I was disappointed they did not offer fitness classes.
The free weight and stretching areas are small.
Great gym with awesome people.
If you want the train muay thai this is the place.
I've been a member at anytime fitness for about a month and i absolutely love it.
One of the best things about this gym is that it is never crowded.
If you're looking for a gym that is convenient (24 hours, need i say more?
), has a friendly staff, has ample equipment, and is worth every penny, then choose anytime fitness.
I've been to many-a-24 hour fitness.
The pluses for this gym:  very decent cardio equipment - not the newest, but certainly not old either.
Free weights, benches, and other machines are in good condition.
And the minus - it's an "active" type of the 24-hour fitness chain.
Best fitness club i have ever belonged too!
If you are looking for a gym to call home, this is definitely the gym for you!
They have fitness classes and personal trainers.
She also instructs some of the fitness classes.
I've never been to a gym that was so polite and actually wanted to get to know it's members.
Good job to this anytime fitness!
Very happy with this gym.
I have been a member at multiple gyms in the area and have now found one that i really like.
The gym is clean and well maintained.
I had never been to a 24 hour fitness that was brand spankin' new before.
Really like this gym...it's not on my side of town so i only go there after i get off work.
Very clean, small, nice staff...they have full gym equipment and plenty of cardio machines.
My only wish for this gym was that they had a spin class sometime on monday-thursday around 2!
Overall, really nice little gym
The trainers are so attentive and they've helped me so much with my technique.
Free climbing and counterweight climbing with multiple rooms and different challenges.
Lots to like about this gym and i would recommend.
-the gym was clean and in impeccable condition.
Love this 24 hour fitness.
Other than that this is probably the best 24 hour fitness in vegas.
Recently joined this gym at the community center.
Indoor basketball court, free weights, stretching areas.
Alpha is hands down the best gym i've ever been to.
However, it is more than just a gym.
The ymca is a great place for kids, they have a pool, kids' gym hours, and free child care.
I am not older, or a kid, but love this gym because of the sense of community/reciprocity.
I've never been harassed at the y, unlike lvac or other gyms.
I really like this gym.
The gym is never too crowded which makes it nice and easy to access the equipment.
It's a gym , come in , do your work , and go home.
I was at mountainside fitness but they need closer in city locations.
I've been in many planet fitness facilities in new york!
Just loved the gym down here, it's not so big but the machines are new, staff always polite and helpful!
Their weight room has ample equipment and a running track.
They have a wide range of cardio and weight machines that ensure you get a good workout.
From 7pm-9pm on weeknights the track area gets pretty packed since trainers have grouped training, so track use is impossible.
The membership is a fair price compared to other gyms.
What a phenomenal find this gym was while traveling in cleveland this week.
I wish we had a gym like this at home.
The gym is immaculate.
Tons of cardio and what an incredible selection of machines and free weights.
I really enjoy this gym and it's open 24/7.
I get a tough, hard-core, personalized workout with my trainer (aron - who's amazing!)
Cannot rave enough about this gym and it's trainers/staff!!
My all time favorite gym.
This is a good gym for anyone looking for a good workout.
Their cardio here consists mainly of treadmill's but still has elliptical's and step machines.
Price is right here, sometimes the locker areas aren't the cleanest but what can you expect it's a gym.
Chris made getting a membership easy and the gym itself is really intense!
I'm a member of eos (formally gold's gym) and lvac, both memberships are less than $100 a year.
Even though i saw the negative reviews, i wanted to check the gym out.
I noticed (on review) people complaining about this place not having a lot of free weights.
Honestly, the times i've been there (morning, afternoon and night), i hardly see anyone using the free weights.
If you're looking for a gym to look at girls, don't mind the parking and waiting for equipment, join lvac.
I love this gym.
Talso, each cardio equip has their own tv monitor - so nice!!
Oh, and adjacent studios for cycling classes and other gym sessions.
Compared to the lifetime fitness gym's rock climbing center, this place is a lot more beginner friendly.
Not a single problem with my account unlike bally/red fitness!
I had chris as my fitness instructor and he is nasm certified with 6+ years of experience.
This is the first gym that i've been to that has one.
I absolutely recommend this gym!!!
The gym is small but has nice equipment and free weights.
The club manager is great (josh) and leanna's (the fitness manager) cycle class is a religious experience!
If you want a family feel in your fitness regime, this is the place to go!
Trainers, staff and even the other members are always friendly and encouraging!
He is the manager at ufc gym and he is very professional and does a great job.
All the staff at ufc gym have been nothing but professional the whole time i have been there.
I came from title boxing which i enjoyed but ufc gym is in a league by itself.
I'm just a fitness nut and love all of the different workouts.
The personal training sessions are the best value you'll ever get from a trainer, no question.
Climbing walls, fitness area, and the wonderful instructors that were there to help every level of experience.
Always a pleasure training boxers with coach boe and family.
Rivak is a fantastic trainer!
In just 6 weeks i have lost weight, inches and have gone down a pant size.
He uses a wide range of equipment, not just the gym machines so it's never boring.
I've been going to this gym since august 2015.
It reminded me of the "average joe's" gym from the movie dodgeball.
The gym is a decent size with pretty much everything you need.
The only reason for the 4 stars is because they don't have a free weight squat rack, yet....
Glad to see a new gym with new equipment in the neighborhood.
5 weeks after starting the private training i was re-measured and had lost 4% body fat and a few pounds.
I learned about first wind cycling & fitness through classpass and am so very glad i did!
I highly recommend first wind cycling & fitness to outdoor cyclists or anyone that is interested in outdoor cycling.
I have been going to this gym since it opened 1.5 years ago.
If you want to challenge yourself, this is the gym for you.
It's like having a personal trainer.
I hit a wall and could not lose any more weight.
I'm still about 40 pounds overweight.
I was on yelp reading reviews for local gyms like planet fitness and la fitness and all had bad reviews.
I can't believe how reasonable the price is for world class training.
I love this gym.
This is the first gym i've belonged to in a very long time.
I am not a huge weight lifter but they have everything i would ever need for all muscle groups.
They have free, unlimited, 30 minute personal trainer group (or individualized) personal trainer sessions for abs, arms, legs, back.
I never feel out of place in this gym and always very comfortable.
Sometimes the weight area gets crowded, but not terribly so.
Omalza fitness is a one of a kind gym.
You walk in an instantly feel welcomed by everyone that attends and by all of the great trainers.
There is a nice variety of group classes offered as well as one on one training.
I enjoy pushing myself, and the trainers are very motivating.
Often it's a ratio of 2 trainers to about 8 people.
(you know the ones)  some days are more weight lifting oriented, and others are more cardio.
F45 could replace the french gym that everyone goes to: la fitness.
The fitness center is wonderful and has everything a person needs to get in shape.
The weight room can get tight during peak hours, so keep that in mind.
Awesome walking track and miles of cardio equipment.
It's not just a gym.
I have recieved help from the trainers and its been awesome!
The best part is that i pay them to train me but they don't yell at me.
Highly recommended fitness studio!!!
It is a great cardio workout combined with strength training & boxing.
So i'm mostly pleased to make this my regular gym.
My experience is that there is a good mix of body types, fitness levels, and ages that frequent this gym.
It's affordable and the second cleanest gym i've been too.
I really enjoy attending this gym.
Recently opened...this is my new go to anytime fitness when i'm visiting lv.
I've been to two other anytime fitnesses in the area and this facility is so far the best.
Has everything you need in a gym... everything is kept up nice and the equipment is new!
If you don't want to go to a big box gym then try this one
The trainers make a point to know you, and the workouts are hard but rewarding.
Mostly cardio machines, basic strength training machines, and a small free weights area...perfect for those with basic fitness needs.
Like their commercials emphasize, there is no "gymtimidation" -- you'll see all types of people here.
Also, the gym itself and locker rooms were always very clean.
I thought that i'd update my review of the 24 hour fitness on eastern and sahara (karen).
Over the last year i was going to the 24 hour fitness on green valley and ramrod.
Now, i still love that gym and may go there every once in a while.
The weight room has been kind of empty and that kind of concerned me.
Leaving the gym is just as good as coming in.
Original review 7/9/15: please note that is not a commentary on the trainers or the workout.
Hey, its a gym.
Used a trainer (2 actually) for 6 months, helped quite a bit i think.
Most of the equipment that i use is in decent shape, lots of weights, bars, etc.
Never really that busy, always a few of each cardio machine available.
Just a solid gym.
This gym is a hidden gem.
This gym as all the regular big-box gym stuff but in a slightly smaller setting.
You'll also never have to wait to use a machine or weight which is nice.
I can't comment on the prices though because i pay my trainer directly but i think they are very reasonable.
If the location of this gym is convenient to you i suggest you give it a try.
Best gym for beginners and experienced climbers.
No gym in town is perfect, but r2c2 is absolutely my favorite.
Always reminding everyone to put their weight back after they use it.
I hate when people use the weight and never put them back.
But hey, i like how he always manage to keep everything so that the gym looks great everytime i workout.
I am a member of mountainside fitness and have personally worked with casey k before.
Best gym i have been to in all of las vegas!
All the trainers are fantastic and encouraging.
They do special activities outside the gym as well which is awesome and builds more of a team atmosphere.
I've driven by planet fitness countless times and was curious.
It was the easiest and least expensive gym sign-up i've ever experienced.
No other gym can come close to that.
Every cardio machine has its own television which has spoiled me big time.
Oh the things i love about 24 hr fitness...
It's also great to see that here i'm not the only person returning my weights.
When mountainside was founded, the motto was "the friendliest gyms in town" and they definitely are!
Snap fitness is great!
I have been training with the personal trainers since june of last year and have had great results.
The lake norman ymca is not your typical gym.
Sure, there is a pool and a weight room and basketball court.
This was the original lvac and gym i ever attended when i first moved to vegas.
Still 4 stars because all the years i've trained here
I was on a tight budget and could not afford hourly rates for personal training.
I also per his recommendation played a little with the weights..
Good gym club !
A lot of machines, 3 group fitness space, pool, sauna, squash, crossfit, running or walking...etc i recommend this gym !!
:|  group fitness classes are excellent and you will burn a lot of calories.
As mentioned in other posts, facility is kept clean and personal tvs on most cardio equipment.
This is probably the most fanciest gym i've ever been to!
This boutique gym is so fancy and high end.
I'm surprised anytime fitness doesn't have better reviews on yelp.
Keep up the good work anytime fitness!
I rather enjoy this gym and i drive 30 minutes, passing 3 other gyms, just to attend this specific gym.
I really like this gym, i hope they find a more stable manager for it sooner than later.
The trainers/coaches are the reason i have been a member of otf for 3 years.
But this gym is large, the change-rooms are large, parking is easy, and the entire place is clean.
There are lots of machines and i have never had to wait for a cardio machine.
I've been to a few other trainers in town, and i have to say he is by far the best.
Jordan g. is the best trainer i have ever had.
Besides that i would go to this gym to get fit and feel good about yourself.
I just don't understand the negative reviews for this gym.
And my absolute favorite thing at this gym are the spin classes!!!!
I wish they could train all of the spin instructors.
Gym isn't super fancy but they have everything you need to get a good workout.
It's pretty much the neighbourhood gym and you always tend to run into "the regulars".
Exactly what i would expect from a gym and more.
Very clean modern equipment plenty of rooms to do classes cardio training.
Large area dedicated to free weights good variety of benches.
They all have all the new rope strength training stuff that has become popular.
Many different types of gym goers
I just joined this gym and so far i love it!
At other gyms that i looked at, i didn't see a single person who didn't look athletic.
I have been a member at multiple gyms and la boxing is by far the best!
The 1-hour class is very effective and balances cardio with strength training.
From the trainers, staff, and the people who workout here, it feels like a family.
Which is near a rig, one olympic weight lifting set, and a trx rig.
The rowing machines and cardio machines are right by this area as well.
-_- the gym is made with a special material.
This gym is definitely worth checking out.
I stopped going to fitness connection over this gym.
Pretty much everything you need when training for any endeavor.
Back to loving planet fitness.
A new gym opened up and relieved a lot of the crowding at this location.
In reality, more of a 3.5, but still a great gym.
The gym is huge!!
You'll never be stuck for machines or weights here - there's duplicates of everything and a huge variety of equipment.
For the parents in the area, there's a small crche on the way into the gym.
The biggest annoyance in this gym would be the lack of water fountains.
I just found out that this gym is closing its doors on january 13, 2017.
This gym had all the old school equipment that i love and it was never packed.
I have one final message for this 24 hour fitness....
It's a tragedy for me to see this gym is over.
And i never will forget the day we met, gym, i'm gonna miss you.
Flexible schedule with the "open gym" concept.
This gym has the potential to be a 5-star gym.
But until then, i can't justify giving such a crowded gym 5 stars.
Not a globo gym and i'm totally ok with that.
This gym has everything i need.
You get a lot at legym for what you pay.
The trainers are friendly, fun, and very knowledgeable.
They charge $25/hour, and if you have exceeded 30 training sessions, then it becomes $20/hour.
The space is not the largest, but good enough, providing all the weight training and cardio equipment you may need.
To be exact, 10,000 square feet of training space, with 75 up-to-date cardio machines, and 75 strength stations.
Overall, this gym is great for beginners or those wishing to tone up on a budget.
I absolutely love this gym!
Anytime fitness has a very friendly staff and always has equipment and machines available.
Finally found a real boxing gym in town!
All the trainer are pros and super friendly.
The first part was pure cardio following with real kick boxing (coach on the side) finished with abs workout.
Clean, great location, and it makes paying for two gym membership feel totally okay.
(truly yes $10.00 a month) we have been members for over7 months and we really have enjoyed this gym.
Been to this gym once on our last day of a 4 day trip in vegas.
Well, this gym has a very interesting layout.
I think this gym is well designed for both beginners and advanced climbers.
Great place to train.
You have group glasses just about everyday and of course your normal sessions with your trainer.
We found boe boxing and decided to check out their cardio boxing class.
The vibe in the gym is so positive and everyone was there to get a great work-out.
Various fitness levels were represented and steve made sure to provide feedback and encouragement to all.
I've been going to this gym since 1997.
It was a gold's gym when i first joined.
Let's make this a gym to be proud of instead of just sucking money out of the members.
Time for a new gym.
They also replaced the old elliptical and the other cardio equipment.
They repaired the broken mirrors and are making some progress  to the gym.
Eos is continuing to make this gym better.
They trying to educate the members on proper use of the equipment and weights.
So times i think the free weights have legs...they tend to be all over the gym.
All-in-all..over 20 years at the same gym
Other than that great gym.
Great place to train.
It's also worth noting that the gym is open all day, every day.
Great people and gym.
Planet fitness is a wonderful place to exercise.
I had my first personal training session today at youfit!!
Love the trainers and front staff at this location!
The gym is a great size so you have plenty of room!
The trainers push you to be your best but always practice safety in everything they have you do!
The weightlifting area is my favorite.
There are plenty of free weights and weight machines (plate and pin) to tone or build up your muscles.
Fitness classes are also offered at crunch.
Crunch gym is clean and new and the staff is pleasant.
Gym membership is also affordable at $10 for a base membership and $20 for peak.
This is the smallest gym of which i've been a member.
But with that being said, i've never had to wait on a machine or cardio equipment.
If the weights i want are being used,  i move on to something else until they're available!
), there have been times when i've not been able to find a certain weight or piece of small equipment.
I have no need for their personal training since i've been training with a private personal trainer for years.
But my observation is that most of the trainers are very professional and seem to know their stuff.
Other notes: i didn't peruse the gym area.
I like the gym the staff is friendly even when the customer is not!
Still the wonderful gym it has always been clean and the nice staff and convenient location is a plus !
This place is by far the best gym i have tried.
I have had trainers during a crowded class help me modify due to knee problems etc.
They have good options for cardio, free weights, trx, etc.
Definitely check this gym out!
Jay (owner) makes the experience in this gym!
Gym has 24 hour access which i love since i'm always working or with my kids during "normal" hours.
This gym is my sanctuary of sorts.
It's the first gym i have ever showered at.
This is not the best 24 hour fitness in vegas but pretty good.
The gym is right by the hwy, and located in a nice business center.
I'm a newbie to crossfit and it's like nothing i have ever done before in terms of fitness.
I like the wide variety of free weights and machines.
Weight and inches have been dropped at a healthy pace.
He manages to guide you into healthy weight lose and inches.
I am truly thankful to ian, total body fitness.
Ian and everyone who trains at this gym are amazing!
Hands down the best trainer and gym!
There is an amazing energy through out the gym.
You can't beat the rate, this is a no frills gym.
I have been going to this gym for over 2 years and have very little to complain about.
I like that it is never too crowded...who wants to wait for a cardio machine or bench?
I've never had trouble getting into a class (which is mostly what i do at the gym).
Only downside is that the whole gym smells sweaty to me.
I had a trial run with her when i signed up and now she's my trainer 2x a week.
I'm glad this place is small because i get a lot of her attention when training.
I also bought training sessions for a reasonable price.
I have noticed a real change in the staff at this planet fitness.
I have been training at mint body since last october and absolutely love it.
I've been working out for the last ten years or so and have been to my fair share of gyms.
Tremont athletic club, or tac, is one of the best customer orientated gyms that i've been to.
The gym also offers many popular and diverse fitness classes ranging across the time spectrum.
If you want the extra perks of gym membership, then you must look for another gym.
There are other gyms that offer all these amenities.
This is a standard gym and gives a fair value for the price.
I love this gym.
And they have tv's on their cardio equipment!
The bad:  is this the senior 24 hour fitness?
You'll definitely feel like you're getting a one-on-one training session too.
I highly recommend this gym.
Mark roberts, the owner, is as good a combination of fitness coach and human being i have ever met.
He'll always provide you with science-based training, nutrition, mindset and recovery information.
It was clean, quite, and free from gym jocks.
I was able to get through my workout without feeling that gym stare you get from others.
I cannot say enough amazing things about this gym!
I say that because the gym is never overcrowded.
The gym is quiet, clean, and gorgeous.
The trainers are also incredible.
This gym does not disappoint!
This is a stunning gym aesthetically speaking.
How could i pass on an online description like this " power of mind meets muscular strength and cardiovascular endurance.
Circuit training to target more than your body, designed to evoke courage and dignity.
This workout will train you to handle adversity while getting you the body of a warrior."
They are helping me stay on my triathlon training regimen while in chandler, az for several weeks from alabama.
If you buy a class membership, then you can use the gym for free at any open gym times.
It's been 2 weeks since i joined snap fitness.
Its like my own private gym.
Gym is pretty clean.
I go twice a day every day so i am in the gym more than the workers haha.
Gym is always clean and all the equipment works great.
Definitely the most spacious la fitness in the area.
The personal trainer are awesome there
Omalza fitness has been a life changing experience.
The trainers are all qualified, and they certainly pushed me to my limits every day.
This is a great gym.
Pretty good place to train.
A great place to train.
Coach boe trains champions and has a wealth of knowledge.
I highly recommend going to this gym.
Across the street is la fitness which is pretty much the opposite....so stay clear of that place.
This was the main reason i joined  - personal trainers are great.
- all the staff i've interacted with from front desk to locker room attendants to trainers are welcoming and helpful.
It's definitely one of the most expensive gyms in the city if not the most.
Trainers that know exactly what it takes to maximize performance and obtain your goals.
The trainers there are fantastic, there to support you, and provide excellent workouts.
It is the cleanest gym i've ever belong too and i always see someone cleaning when i'm there.
This is a great place to work out and train, no matter what your body type is.
I highly recommend christian to help you, he is a phenomenal trainer and motivator to help you attain your goals.
The personal training they have is awesome.
He really spends time getting to know everyone by name and you can tell the trainers all work well together.
Thank you brian and natalie for helping me to find enjoyment in fitness again!
Overall, it's nothing fancy, but it gets the fitness job done.
I've been training  3 times a week with the best trainer kim windsor since october 2012.
The best gym by far in scottsdale.
We used to dread working out at the gym.
As a frequent las vegas visitor, since my bff lives there, this is my absolute favorite gym!
), agassi 24 hour fitness visitor fee is only $5.
Not like the dingy gyms we have in hawaii!
Seriously, hawaii 24 hour fitness, take notes!
I wish we could have that at our gyms here in honolulu!!!
I train with ian 2 days a week.
Nice gym... don't know if i'll like this place on squat days because of the stairs.
So, what better to have access to, than a nice gym.
The cardio area was set up well and easy to walk around.
The free weight area was the usual for all of the 24's.
So, i don't foresee any problems coming to this gym.
Omalza fitness is the best gym i have ever been a member of.
Ian and the rest of the trainers genuinely care about each and every person there.
Omalza fitness offers personal training as well as group classes.
They are challenging, but the trainers make it fun and are extremely encouraging.
The trainer was very high energy and patient!
Check this gym out if you like a relaxed, practical place to work out.
L'oracle las vegas is an awesome gym with lots of fun and challenging stuff for beginners and pros.
I have been a member since 2007, and absolutely love my gym.
Thanks 24 hour fitness, i'm a member for life.
The staff and people make this gym great.
Gym changed ownership in 2018, since then it has changed a lot.
Lots of new equipment, gym is always spotless, offer a wide range of services.
The gym is never crowded.
Best of all, no ridiculous alarms for putting a heavy weight down.
My one gripe is their limited space in the free weight area where the benches are.
Have you seen the covered jungle gym?
This gym is welcoming to all levels of fitness, and has a positive energy about improving ones self.
The gym it self is well looked after, i've never had any issues with broken or less than adequate equipment.
It is fairly new, compared to the other la fitness gyms in gilbert.
They are currently developing the area, so there are a few other restaurants and establishments nearby this gym.
This gym has a lot of bicycles, ellipticals, treadmills, and a moderately sized weights area.
Like all other locations, this la fitness has a large variety of classes offered throughout the day.
They are both definitely very lively and a great cardio workout!
This is a great gym to come to get your workouts!
I use to work in gym sales and manage a gym in chicago.
I was at city athletic club which was cheaper then david barton gym...
Overall this gym meets all my needs!
But, now i'm addicted to etf fitness.
So far so good with this gym, way different then lifetime fitness.
This gym is awesome.
The equipment seems brand new and the gym is kept clean too.
Everyone else is generally polite about re-racking their weights.
It's a small gym but it pretty much has everything you need.
Someone is always cleaning at this location, plenty of cardio machines never have to wait.
Not my usual gym i go to but decided to stop by since i was un the area.
Gym was very clean and the staff were super freindly.
Other then the area its located this is a nice gym.
I became aware of this gym through classpass.
They don't offer classes through the site but open gym time, which i learned when i messaged them through facebook.
Being the gym rat that i am i thought that was awesome.
I would describe it as personal training from afar.
I really like planet fitness, i had a membership in one in louisiana, and this place is just as good.
I love this gym.
As an added bonus, they have great trainers.
Everything in this gym is clean and looks new.
The group fitness classes are fun and there is plenty of parking.
The basketball gym is a plus and if you like to play raquetball- there are multiple courts.
I've never had to wait for a machine and the gym is always well maintained.
I would definitely recommend this gym.
I love everything about omalza gym to the amazing trainers to the hard but great classes they offer.
Great gym, reasonable prices, plenty of parking and incredible staff.
I had a training session with sarah dorman.
Road back to great health #http://instagram.com/sdormanfitness
Generally a very nice gym.
Second issue: gym is too crowded much of the time.
A fine anytime fitness, this.
I get bored really easily with my cardio, so i like having the change up.
They have a sauna, movie theater workout room, a variety of group classes and a personal training room.
This is the cleanest gym i've ever had the pleasure of going to.
This gym is absolutely great!
The staff is so welcoming and friendly and they helped me get started on my fitness goals right away.
I drop in to a lot of crossfit gym's while traveling with work.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and adjusted my workout based on my own personal needs (bad knees from sports).
Ian and all the trainers there great!
I signed up to continue my fitness journey with a personal trainer and unlimited classes.
If you are ready to get healthy, and be the best version of you,i will highly recommend this gym.
It used to be a gold's gym and eos fitness took it over.
There is a variety of equipment and a good mix of weights and cardio machines.
Everyone in the gym will motivate you, that is part of what crossfit is about.
As for the price: it's more than a gym membership and less than a personal trainer.
What you'll get is more like having a personal trainer than roaming around a big gym on your own.
So... we embraced in a quest for our next gym.
Near a train station, so easy to go when not in car.
-services: it's a big gym with lots of different machines, clean showers, a women-only section.
-price: it was pretty much in line with the prices at the y and other gyms.
I used to live across the street from the gym.
Doing some research online, i found the gym's site and learned more about the owner and staff.
I ended up spending about 2.5 hours a day, 4 days a week in the gym.
The same goes for steve's gym!
Watching steve with his personal training clients, he is firm, but not a prick.
Colby was awesome and was biking along with us- which i always love seeing trainers do the actual workout.
The gym is nice and has pretty new equipment.
Ok , having said that this is the best damn gym in 'the land' !
So in short, if you are in the market for a gym in the area this is your best bet.
I'm really looking forward in being able to work out then go to work right after the gym.
My second anytime fitness home, this one close to home.
I have already lost weight in such a short amount of time and can tell that i am getting toned.
I have been to many gold's gyms and this one is one of the nicest.
The gym shares the indoor space with a pharmacy and is a year and a half old.
They have humansport equipment and technogym (from europe) equipment and it works amazingly, i had a great workout!
They also have a power board to make your training more concentrated .
The cardio machines have their own personal tv's.
I've been a member of fitness connection for 6 years.
This gym's location makes it a great gym to be a part of.
There's a light rail, diner, uptown charlotte, southend, rail trail and b-cycle bikes within walking distance of the gym .
After trying out different gyms and weight loss programs i finally found a place that works for me.
- in addition to a large gym space, this location has a fairly large changeroom.
If you prefer the gym to be less crowded, aim for the early morning hours (5-8am).
All in all, the danforth/pape goodlife is a good gym with a great vibe.
This is my first experience with a personal trainer and ian kicks my butt every time.
Planet fitness is a great place to work out.
This is a gym that not only encourages physical betterment, but mental fortitude as well.
There isn't one cheap "everything wash" like at 24 hour fitness.
This gym is pretty cool actually.
I even saw one of the trainers helping someone change their tire outside.
The price is even better than the actual gym.
I love this gym it's always clean and never crowded.
My trainer was amazing i am so happy here.
It's a big, spacious place with dressing rooms, restrooms, and even a little cardio workout area.
Best gym i have ever been to.
Staff is awesome and the other gym members are quite nice also.
Great gym for both muay thai and jiu jitsu.
My kids have been going to one kicks for over 3 years and there isn't a better gym in town.
I don't live near this gym, but i drive here to take the 930am bodypump class with lauren on wednesdays.
The equipment at this gym is not the best i have seen, but it works.
They have a wide range of equipment, plenty of treadmills, and a fair amount of weight machines as well.
They tried to push the personal training on me, but i said no and they dropped it.
I go to a lot of 24 hour fitness' and this is one of the better ones.
That being said, it's a solid gym and i will continue to be a patron.
The day that my fat jeans become a little snug is the day that i join another freaking gym.
I need a gym that's close to home so i feel guilty if i pass it and don't stop.
The gym area is open and bright, and each machine has its own tv and ipod dock.
I was out of the gym for 5 months, eating bad, and making excuses to why i couldn't go.
When i first visited lvsc i was out of shape looking for a new environment to train.
After training for 4 months here i've cut my body fat in half and added a ton of muscle.
I'm currently weighing around 208lb which is about 17lb weight loss since i started.
With the gym being open 24 hours it's easy to find a time to fit a workout in.
Where most gyms are packed at this time, corefit is perfect.
Highly recommend this place for someone who knows their way around a gym, or someone just getting into working out.
They also offer personal training and free wifi.
The gym is clean and located in a great, central location for everyone in the valley.
This gym is small, and very crowded at times.
However, for the price the gym isn't bad.
I've been a 24 hr fitness member for years now and frequent this location and a few others.
Seeing that makes me feel more at home and gives a really friendly vibe to the gym overall.
It's not intimidating like other gyms.
This is also one of the few gyms that actually has a fantastic smoothie bar.
I never felt embarrassed by them coming up to me and helping me correct my positioning on a weight machine.
Amazing trainers that are friendly, patient, and push you to do your best, and see great results.
Everyone here was helpful in introducing me to the gym and the instructors know almost everyone by name.
My wife and i have been working out at planet fitness for 2 months.
The gym is not crowded very clearly and the staff is very helpful and friendly.
This is the first gym that i've ever see the hydro massage beds and tanning booths.
Prior to planet fitness we were taking boot camp classes which were very expensive and crowded.
Definitely recommend planet fitness.
This gold's is my home gym, literally less than a mile from where i live.
I end up using gold's for morning sessions and another gym for night workouts.
-plenty of weight machines not found at my other gym.
-the majority of the clientele are here to work out, not socialize, like at some other gyms.
There are serious weightlifters who are in beast mode every day, which is inspiring.
Gripes: -the a/c can be sketchy, especially in the weight room.
I've gone into the women's gym to work out there because it's too hot in the main room.
-peons like me need to use the lighter hand weights sometimes.
Weights missing; they are supposed to be there, but i can't find them.
- the bikes in the cardio section are ancient!
I've previously been a member at lvac and just switched to 24 fitness.
It is a smaller gym and unfortunately they don't have a track, but it's not a big deal for me.
There's no annoying music blasting out throughout the locker room/gym and the t.v.
I've been so happy switching to 24 fitness after having so many problems at lvac.
Switching to 24 fitness was such a good idea and i hope it continues to stay this way!
The group fitness classes i checked out were quite good.
My month pass came with one personal training session which was educational.
In my opinion, dbg really pushed the training sessions and my personal time with the trainer was no exception.
Every few minutes, he would mention that it was most beneficial to work with a trainer for optimal results.
That said, my trainer was encouraging and modeled proper form for each weight station.
Definitely the cleanest, prettiest gym i've visited.
It's the cheapest gym around.
That being said, it's not the taj mahal of gyms.
The staff at this gym is awesome.
There isn't a meat-market feel to this gym at all.
The gym was super quiet and empty when i was there at around 5:30pm on a weekday.
The club manager was absolutely amazing in helping me with getting a personal trainer.
But overall it's a nice gym.
The gym is really great.
Nothing like a 6am cardio/strength/interval class to get your endorphins pumping!
One thing i do wish is that there were mirrors in the group fitness room.
The cardio area is nice and big and there are always plenty of treadmills, ellipticals, and stairmasters available.
Can't say enought about the personal training i am receiving at fitness connect on morehead.
I had an injury with my arm and alex paired me with a personal trainer who specializes in injuries.
Mania, my trainer is awsome!
I recommend the personal training at fitness connect with a 5 star score!
I mostly do weights but take classes for cardio.
I enjoyed my training session with daniel.
I would recommend daniel if you are looking for an awesome trainer in mesa or tempe!
I have been attending ultimate kombat fitness for 6 months now.
The trainers are great!
This is one of the best boxing gyms in az.
The classes are high intensity and you really get your money's worth with the class of trainers.
I have and would recommend this gym.
This is the best planet fitness i've been to thus far.
This was the only crossfit gym near where i was staying.
Would highly recommend this gym.
It's a very nice gym.
Great place great people , trainer nathan is awesome.
Now that i am much older and have little time, i am carrying around a gym bag with me.
I've been training with ian for a few years and he's the best in the city.
Great gym even better people to help you get to where you want to be.
I have come to crossfit forever strong from another gym and since joining cffs it has changed my life.
After signing up they saw i was dedicated and gave me an awesome deal on a trainer!!
The trainers are amazing.
It doesn't get better than train matthews.
I signed up for the strength program, which includes powerlifting, strongman and weightlifting.
If you are looking for a massive gym with lots of classes and a juice bar, this isn't your place.
This gym though is what i like in a gym.
By far, the best gym in vegas.
Surrounding area is a little sketchy at night but the gym is kept clean and tidy!
This is a great gym.
I always find the equipment i need (cardio, free-weights, machines).
I highly recommend this gym!
And a day care center which is videotaped and shown on monitors throughout the gym upstairs for parents.
Bailey is one of the best personal trainers i've ever seen.
The other gym personnel are courteous and upbeat as well.
A big part of that learning is because of my trainer, jordan guida.
I was stuck in a typical body building routine and wanted to improve my overall fitness.
I've never been to a gym where i feel so comfortable with the trainers, except for mountainside arrowhead.
My body and overall fitness are improving every day and it is especially apparent when i train with jordan.
I cannot recommend this gym enough!!
I joined this gym recently and i absolutely love it!
I've been working with the trainer daniel and he is the best there is.
Love my training sessions with jt- he keeps me motivated and on track!
This planet fitness was clean and smelled good.
You get quality coaches and training facility here at omalza fitness.
I train with ian and he pushes me to my best.
If your looking for quality trainers and a quality gym, omalza fitness is the place for you!
This is definitely the best gym i've ever been to.
This is the gym to do it at.
I have trained at this gym off and over the last 10 years and have always had great success.
I highly recommend boe boxing & fitness.
When i do, i make it a point to train here!!
I liked the personal training on the pilates reformer and the work outs were fantastic.
This gym is in a great location and i always feel safe walking by myself at night.
The gym is rarely over crowded.
This gym makes me look forward to working out.
Jabz boxing central phoenix is an amazing and supportive gym for women.
Went here once when checking out gyms in cleveland.
This is a gym worth checking out!
Terry is a fantastic trainer.
He truly is a personal trainer.
The gym has most of what one needs to get a great workout in.
There are multiple "red flag" training days throughout the year, the annual airshow, and the redbull air race.
The first time you see a massive b-52 bomber doing combat training you will freak out (in a good way).
Don't waste time on any other gym.
If you are serious about fitness,  especially weight training,  this is the place.
First off, i love the owners and trainers of this gym.
You are building muscle while trimming fat, which helps keep off the weight in the long run.
A really great downtown gym location with a second cup inside!
The jcc has really affordable group fitness classes for both member and non-members alike.
Classes like nia (dance fitness), yoga and capoeira are lots of fun to try!
The gym is stunning & very private.
Nicest gym i've been to in las vegas.
The staff is very friendly and the gym super clean.
The trainer, casey, actually got me going to yoga, go figure.
I am stronger today because of all of the accountability and motivation i was given by my trainers here!
Been training at this gym for 3 months and i absolutely love it.
I train with atrell learson who is amazing at what she does and couldn't be more happier.
The other trainers are awesome & helpful as well plus you don't feel intimidated.
They offer anything from cardio kickboxing, strength & conditioning classes and other more...
If you haven't trained at omalza you should come check it out....
This gym is amazing!
They have all the right equipment, trainers and classes to allow you to become the best you can be.
The owner truly understands what it takes to create a friendly neighborhood gym where people feel welcome and appreciated.
The gym hours are also amenable to just about anyone's schedule.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone who is tired of the over priced, overly busy, chain gyms.
This is a long overdue update of my gym/sanctuary/training/decompressing/therapy zone.
Plenty of cardio, free weights, trx, classes from yoga to body pump and more.
He even trained my dad for a bit last year when he was able to work out.
The gift of health and fitness cannot be measured and should never be taken for granted.
4* for gym, bumped up because of eric who deserves 100*   yelp 100 challenge
The gym is pretty busy but i think that's a good thing!
The classes vary from more strength focused to cardio circuit training.
Lindsay and the other trainers go above and beyond to answer any questions about nutrition, fitness, etc.
If you are looking for a holistic approach to your health and fitness routine, this is the place!
Best gym in las vegas!
Not only can you take boxing and conditioning classes but you can also receive personal training.
We are all ohana working towards the same goal at omalza fitness!
Every girl wants a booty and flatter abs, and this gym will get you there!
I had no idea that this gym would be so much like a family!
The other trainers there are equally as amazing and supportive!
This gym is beyond amazing and deserves way more than 5 stars!
These are legit athletes who train each person and emphasize technique, safe but effective workouts.
Clean, clean, cleanest gym i've ever been to!
And i'm still waiting for my gym bag?
The things you don't pay for here are what distinguish it from other gyms.
Quiet, and a big gym.
Only reason why i am going 4 star instead of 3 is because the gym was not packed at all.
This gym has everything you need for your fitness goals.
I've been doing personal training for the last 3 months with marci and she is awesome.
Keeps you sweating...way more fun than running on the treadmill at the gym!
The gym is simple, but it has everything that most people will need.
Treadmills and other space age cardio machines i don't know how to use.
Lots of weight machines and a free weight area.
The gym has always been clean and the staff and other gym goers have been friendly enough.
Is it the greatest gym on the planet?
Is it the greatest gym on the planet for $10/month... it very well may be.
I've never been to all the gyms on the planet.
The trainers are extremely knowledgable about the body and nutrition and are simply amazing coaches.
We focus on good form and there is always one-on one attention from the trainers even in a group setting.
The trainers are always so encouraging and supportive.
Unlike other gyms or studios, i truly feel welcome and comfortable there.
Everyone who goes to this gym is so nice and accepting and we all have different levels of fitness.
We do high intensity intervals, circuits, strength training, and more.
I stopped in to get my workout in and i actually like this gym better than the gyms from home.
Everyone at this gym is there to work and move on.
I really liked this gym.
I really liked how it is a 24 hour gym.
If you just want to attend a gym and do your own thing, this is a great choice.
I have fallen in love with this gym.
This gym is awesome and their staff is very friendly and personable as well.
I love a 24 hour gym near my house!
Although, i can't utilize it, there is a women's only section of the gym, which is phenomenal.
I've been training with jason for almost two years.
When i first started an exercise program my goal was simple...lose the weight i gained with my son.
Jason has absolutely transformed my life through his passion for fitness, healthy living, and mental wellbeing.
I joined this fitness center mostly because the child care can't be beat!
The prices are also good, very reasonable compared to many other gyms (cough, ufc, 24 hour...).
Overall, gonna stick with gym as long as they keep up with the great childcare!
Favorite thing about the gym is that it has a turf outside where i can perform hiit (sprints).
Great gym and great manager kevin.
I can safely say, this is the best group fitness concept that i have ever experienced or even heard about.
Personal training is also available by the majority of the instructors.
This is all the fantastic stuff you will get and more from rachelle at grind fitness.
This is the best gym i've ever been too.
This gym is half the price, with better equipment, cleaner facility and friendlier staff.
The gym is quite possibly the cleanest i've ever seen.
Most gym usually have their down time but this one is never dirty.
I've been to some of their classes and they're on par with other gyms.
I mean to be honest i can't think of any downside to this gym.
My overall thoughts of this gym span 3 traits:  friendly staff, clean equipment, smaller clientele.
He takes pride in his gym and the offerings it has.
Afterward it was divided into two groups cardio and strength training.
Then we switched to cardio.
Purchased a 10 pack and looking forward to adding it to my fitness routine.
I've been coming to one health clubs since i was a kid back when it was the fitness institute.
The gym also has a variety of classes from body sculpt to kick boxing to zumba to hot yoga.
!and work out at planet fitness
Best group training and staff around.
This gym is great!
I had holly as my personal trainer and she was amazing!
There wouldn't be anyone else id train with again.
If anyone is looking for a personal trainer recommendation, definitely see holly.
Great gym and great trainer :)
Look no further, this is definitely the best crossfit gym around!
The owner, mike, truly cares about everyone from the newest member to the most seasoned athlete in the gym.
Great gym & great community of people!
The best thing about this gym for me: every machine you could want!
I really love this gym.
I moved from la fitness (20th and camelback) and couldn't be happier with that decision.
I have been coming to this gym for over 5 years.
Great place for a gym, racquetball courts, tennis courts, fields, etc.
The best gym to join, period!
Pleasantly surprised after all the quirky things i've heard about planet fitness locations.
Lots of equipment and free weights.
It has a pretty good mix of weights and machines to get a good  workout.
I didn't use the weight room, so i can't really say anything about that.
There is sooo much to rave about this gym!!
I have been a member of this gym since it opened.
It is better than the nasty, smelly, half naked , over testosterone filled place called 24hour fitness down the street.
Great workout that incorporates high intensity with weight training.
Trainers are all really helpful and motivating.
I've been going to this gym since january, so far i'm liking it.
The gym is very hot, but hello it's a gym, people go there to sweat.
My trainer is wonderful, love her!
It is almost solely based on the group fitness structure.
The trainers moira and becky are just phenomenal, and i love their cycles.
But i can not stress how amazing the group fitness is there.
$15/day for open gym was worth it, we had the entire gym to ourselves.
I love this gym!!!
They (kanoa, jesse & jaime) care about every person in the gym.
A day without my gym family is like a day without sunshine.
When you go to this gym, every size is the right size.
I would give this gym 10 stars because they truly are that amazing!!
I love crunch because it offers me plenty of choices---from free weights to machines to exercise classes all for $25/month.
The gym is nice and i like the robes
Kristin the owner is the sweetest, all the trainers are amazing.
You can also choose to work with a trainer for diet coaching if you'd like, for an additional cost.
The mix of people training is always fun and varied, size, age, men and woman -- all types.
Lindsay green is amazing...if you want fun mixed with fitness look no further than prowess, you will not be disappointed.
Cardio machines have built in individual tvs.
I have been training here with ian for about six months so far.
All of the trainers here are amazing and really know their stuff!
Between personal training and coming to classes i'm here 4-5 times a week and believe it's completely worth it.
It's completely inviting and i'm so proud to be part of this gym!
We joined this gym because of the price and convenience.
This gym definitely wouldn't be for everyone, but they do let you know that's their philosophy before you join.
Best la fitness i been to and i have tried four others.the staff is friendly especially ric the head trainer.
This is a great gym, and like all great gyms, it's due to the owners, steve and andrea boe.
Nope, instead, boe boxing is the best: it's a solid, unpretentious gym where people come to work their butts off.
They're there to train you hard and treat you like you're family.
The nutrition support funktional fitness offers is helpful.
I am so glad i found funktional fitness.
My fiance and i love going to planet fitness.
Unlike most gyms, you can go in as a guest without having to hear the sales pitch.
It's a very inviting, motivating atmosphere which is something i really look for in a gym.
I have been a member of many gyms since the late 80's.
Superfitness on bloor street (remember that one?
), premier (don't get me started), xcel fitness (port credit) and erin mills fitness.
They are not out for the money grab and they are doing a great job with such a big gym.
There are all new weights and they've got new equipment in the boxing room.
The number of classes they offer is way more than any gym i've been to and the teachers are great.
It costs the least of all the other gyms with similar facilities.
If you're not too demanding this will be the best damn gym there is around.
Hands down the best pole gym in the phoenix metro area and i've been to them all!
* 5 laps around the circuit = 1km * i do cardio walks, machines and then i do classes.
Back to the gym in spring to fall.
* this is the biggest gym i know in downtown mississauga.
Other than that great gym
This gym is perfect for those who are intimidated by larger gyms, which are typically busier.
It's also totally new, which makes it seem much cleaner than other gyms.
I have now been to this gym three times as a drop-in (all in their first week).
All the machines and weights are new and is everything i'm looking for.
The owner and everyone there is so nice and i'm always getting a great workout in with my trainer stacey.
It's also the perfect size gym, very clean, and the decor is refreshing.
Being trained by aldrin and i can't say enough about him!
Joining omalza is one of the best decisions i've made... never a dull moment at omalza fitness, that's for sure!
Even though it smells like a gym,  lol,  it looks very clean.
I've trained with jason, kenpo and champ.
This is a nice gym, new machines, it's quiet, never crowded, and it is very clean.
The staff and all of the trainers are amazing!!
Great one hour workout that changes daily, the trainers are  always pushing me to do my best.
I personally love this gym.
Which is usually good for the gym but it's terrible for us trying to use weights or machines.
I'm there to pick up my weights and do my workout.
Just weights and a few machines and i'm good.
I am a huge fan of this club/gym.
The entire facility caters to a diverse membership and will gear classes to all fitness levels.
All of the cardio equipment is state of the art as are the circuit machines and weight room.
Knockout fitness is an awesome place to workout!!!
I have been going to a "regular" gym for many years.
I discovered knockout fitness as one of my former students is now running the store!
I recommend everyone and anyone to give the gym a try!
The whole staff is friendly and accommodating to all fitness levels.
The best part is that the vibe at funktional fitness feels like a community.
Best experience i have had joining a gym!
I pre-enrolled for the added benefits prior to opening day, received free training sessions as an added bonus!
Andre, core concepts training  account manager, got me in line with some amazing trainers.
My husband saw how happy i was with my membership that he "a non-gym" person wanted to check it out.
He went above and beyond to help us start on his journey to reach his fitness goals, reasonably!
Highly recommend mountainside fitness, everything and everyone is fantastic.
Pool and spin bikes got me through ironman training a couple of years ago.
After 4 months at david barton's i have discovered this is without a doubt the best gym in las vegas.
The equipment is great and the gym is never busy.
Simply put this gym is great.
I appreciated that they had full windows in their cardio area and view of the swimming pool.
Reason i quit and joined mountainside fitness?
Currently, my gym is en route from work to home.
I was so excited to see that my favorite zumba fitness instructor opened up her own studio!
The weight room seemed strictly for men, boasting more oldschool equipment.
The cardio area was a little dated and much smaller than the lakewood location, but efficient.
You can also purchase your own at the gym.
All fitness levels are welcomed and they make you feel welcomed too.
Cool gym for any level or age.
The equipment is clean and everybody is polite, not territorial like other gyms.
Classes push your cardio but only if you give it a 100%.
Trainers are great all have a different way training which helps keep it fun.
I would definitely recommend this gym to a friend!
Very nice gym with easy parking and lots of space!
If you work in the financial district and are looking for a high-end gym, this is it.
If you work downtown and want a gym you can look forward to going to, definitely check it out.
Its great to be able to access a gym (through the path, btw) from work any time during the day.
This gym is wonderful!!
Gold's gym on northsight does not provide towels so this is a huge plus.
Great place to work out, especially if you have grown tired of the typical commercial gym scene.
I finished school, and needed a hobby to stay sane, so i thought, "why not weightlifting?"
I pay 20 a month and no contract i can attend the fitness classes at that price if i wished.
One of the best gyms in town!
I highly recommend anytime fitness for anyone looking for a thorough workout and cheap membership prices.
There no other place like this where i can get crossfit, 1:1 training and yoga all in one place!
So far this is my favorite gym in arizona.
What's most important to me at a gym is the vibe and environment, and the people it attracts.
This gym attracts and promotes greatness.
The trainers are awesome, helpful, and friendly.
The class gets together for fun events outside the gym, so it's become more than a place to work out.
Great gym...professional clean well-managed... great trainers...
Its not extremely busy like a lot of other gyms.
Of all the gyms i've tried, this is among the very best.
I like the balance of cardio and weights in each workout.
I also appreciate the motivating inspiration from the trainers!
I am obsessed with this location and all their trainers.
The trainers are amazing and the workouts are absolutely addicting.
If you are tired of not knowing what to do at the gym and need guidance.
I truly enjoy that there are clients at every fitness level.
A lot of space and weights.
This gym is one the the main reasons i'm sad to be moving away from scottsdale.
Great gym if you're not looking for the mega mall type gyms like 24 hour fitness.
For a no-nonsense gym.
No pool, no group classes, just a bunch of ellipticals, weights, and treadmills.
Was just visiting, but had an excellent impression of this gym.
Each of the cardio machines have a tv with its own remote.
There's also the typical free weights, cable stations, and hammer strength machines.
Easily the best climbing gym in the city.
There are other flashier gyms, but this gym consistently has the best settings.
No other gym in town even comes close to their sport route setting.
This is the best gym i've ever trained in.
A mix of traditional weightlifting equipment and locally made plate loaded machines.
Another side of the gym with sleds, farmer carry, plus more.
I've trained at some of the most famous gyms in the country but this beats them all.
The best part is that all group fitness classes are included!
Instead, i prefer going to functional training.
It's a dynamic, military-functional type class focusing on cardio, core, stability, functional strength and body weight exercises.
Ps - they offer a free 14 day no obligation gym pass.
I have trained at just about every gym in nw metro phoenix and i love mountainside.
She is kind, talented beyond belief, and is extremely passionate about life, fitness, and making people happy through dance.
Out of town looking for a gym.
Awesome staff, and i love the gym mascot!
I'm not a member, however, the classes are $5 drop ins, so worth it for the quality training you receive.
Like every gym, it could do to buy a few extra benches.
Just about as good as an la fitness will get you!
Top out boulder and really nice training equipment.
Nice climbers at the gym as well.
I've belonged to many gyms over the years, some fancier than pf, some about the same.
The gym is great for the prices offered.
Youfit gym is affordable and simple  warning: read all reviews about the personal training before you sign the contract!!
The best gym in the town hands foe.
Owners, managers and trainers are all amazing people.
Space for machines, free weights platforms, racks, cross fit, cardio machines of all kinds and core area.
The gym wasn't crowded with stupid people on their smart phones, everyone there was really working out.
The place is big and all the weights were where they belong, on the rack.
Over all one of the cleanest and nicest 24 hour gym i have seen.
A little history about my gym habits i was a member of la fitness, eos and fitness works.
Although i did enjoy fitness works i would have to say i am really enjoying planet fitness this far.
I have never seen or smelt a more cleaner gym!
I mean what gym has a relaxation room?
I feel very comfortable in this gym.
I definitely recommend this gym.
I love this gym!
The best part is that it doesn't get too crowded like some other gyms do.
I've resorted to working out at home (and have manage to compile a nice home gym as a result).
My wife and i came down to scottsdale for spring training and i found this place by accident.
I know it's a little pricey and gym trials are usually free, hence the 4 stars and not 5.
Other than that this gym had everything you could ask for!
Best combat and fitness gym around!!
If you're looking for serious fitness and learn true combat sports this would be a great place.
This is the best gym i've ever been a member of.
Anyone looking to take their fitness to the next level needs to take a look at this gym!
None in am bball court cardio machines.
I went to cary for a fitness evaluation.
This gym is awesome.
The restrooms are clean, the weight area is organized, pretty cool place over all.
Recently visited this gym and it was awesome.
This gym has many great pieces of equipment found in only a few gyms.
I've been training with ian at omalza fitness for almost 2 years.
I can tell you that going through other local trainers, he is #1.
If you are looking to start your fitness journey, or continue one- definitely contact ian!
Grand opening of this premier training studio in chandler.
The studio is large with plenty of room for personal training and group fit classes.
I was first introduced to the two co-owners during personal training sessions many years ago.
I only recently, within the past couple months, began working out at funktional fitness.
This duo has raised the bar in terms of personal training.
What's with the constant talking trainers.
I am still new to this gym but i love it.
Ermagerrrd best gym evaaar!
Jake, john, and adam are a few of the most knowledgable and personable trainers there.
I am always looking for something new to do with my fitness and this is definitely a great option!
2 story "super sport" gym nestled in a quiet neighborhood in the deep suburbs of summerlin.
It's safe to get your fitness on!
Great gym with great trainers.
This is my gym.
Best gym in arizona.
Trainers are the best!
Unlike most stationary bikes at gyms or spinning studios, their bikes are more like a real outdoor bike.
This is a great boxing gym with friendly owners and staff.
I love this gym, close to home, clean and friendly staff.
Equipment is clean and weights are always put up.
I like this gym....
The facility are always fairly clean and seems to be enough cardio to handle a packed gym.
This is one of the best gyms in the markham area .
I have been a prior member at several good life locations, ymca and planet fitness .
Those other gyms don't even compare to this location .
I have also gone to the other lafitness location in scarborough and it is not the same.
I love my gym .
I'm here 3-4 days a week here and i would not go to another gym .
), group exercise classes (which are offered with a great variety), and personal training.
I like that they recently got new fitness equipment.
Worked with a personal trainer (paul) who was professional, fun, and personable.
New state of the art equipment and it's a small boutique gym
Jeremiah is my personal trainer and i used to think i was working out...
Now i train with him once a week.
By far the best gym ive ever been to.
Customer service is amazing and better then any other gym.
This gym is the most beautifully maintained place i have ever been.
I love this gym!
Brian is the manager for all trainers and is always available to answer my health and workout questions.
No other gym did that for me.
Cj is my personal trainer and he pushes me to do better and supports when i feel like a failure.
This review update is going to focus on the personal training, and specifically mckinzie.
The gym itself hasn't changed much.
It still has the machines, the free weights, the trx system, etc.
Mckinzie is actually the fourth trainer we've had.
However, she does watch us during the workout, instead of just looking around the room like some trainers do.
Mornings were fitness and afternoons were cocktail hour because they even have a full service bar/restaurant.
Sometimes when i tell local people what gym i go to, i get an eye roll.
The mayfair is actually a lifestyle, not a gym per se.
Yes, personal training is expensive but some things are priceless.
The trainers, the music, and the workouts are amazing.
Caroline and keernan are great trainers.
Searching for the right gym in phoenix has been a nightmare!
There is plenty of equipment and the environment was calm and serene even at 5pm (peak gym hours).
Better than any commercial gyms in the area.
Aaron is the best personal trainer in this town.
Otherwise this would be my only go to gym in vegas.
Are you still looking for a gym that feels like they mean business?
My son absolutely loves going to mountainside fitness.
But their best kept secret is their personal training..yeah, i know -- most people immediately shut down at this point.
I work with brian primarily, but also train with jordan and ali.
If you're looking for an mma gym?
And then there's also some other awesome trainers that are sure to fit your style and needs.
Okay -- i know that doesn't address the second point of not affording a trainer.
It's a great no nonsense gym.
It has free weights, machines, cardio and tanning.
I worked with the trainer dom for a free session on rehabbing my shoulder.
Every one of the trainers is competent and caring and they compliment each other's style.
This gym is clean, and well maintained.
The gym can get a pretty busy, especially on a monday evening or during the pizza day.
The way you become introduced to the club is unlike any experience i've had at a gym.
I see really fit people to people who are starting their fitness journey.
Rob and april are my go to trainers and always hold me accountable.
I've been training with the owner of omalza fitness since 2010 and still going strong!
This place is the bomb and a perfect match for any lifestyle and fitness levels.
The owner and his trainers are so nice and passionate about their job.
All the trainers are so helpful and educated.
They offer personal training, group classes and programs to reach your athletic goals.
I recommend this gym to anyone who is just starting to workout or for people who want to be challenged.
The trainers were a lot of fun and the exercises were well organized and effective.
This was a great gym to start my membership.
All the exercises were safe and the trainers helpful in modifying some of moves for us newbies.
Great first time at a crossfit gym i'm sure i'll be a member for a long time.
The trainer i have had the pleasure of interacting with for the past two sessions is sidney.
This gym is small and out of the way.
I dig this 24 hour fitness.
I remember working out at this gym close 10 years ago and it hasn't changed too much.
With all the surrounding businesses that have closed down, it's surprising that this 24 hour fitness is still here.
This gym is located in old henderson.
For all you las vegas yelpers, it's the 24 hour fitness near frost bites shavery.
One thing about this gym is that it's small.
But here's what i love about this gym...it's empty.
There's plenty of free weights, machines, and the locker room is spacious.
This gym does lack some cardio equipment.
However, since this gym is quiet, getting on a treadmill or stair master isn't a problem at all.
The gym goers at this gym mean business.
The gym itself is clean, the staff efficient, and there's plenty of iron to get a great workout.
Love, love, love this gym.
I'm a long time gym-goer but this is a game changer.
The trainers stephanie and jamison are supportive and great resources for tips and help with form.
The atmosphere has been really welcoming and accommodates all fitness levels.
They have recently done some nice upgrades to the branch including new paint and refinishing the floor in the gym.
I first tried the barre workout at the ultimate training center a year ago, and i am hooked.
This gym is amazing.
It is inexpensive and has all the weights and cardio equipment any serious athlete will need.
This gym is also quite empty which is great since there is no waiting to use certain equipments.
Lucas james is very expensive but worth every penny to achieve your fitness and nutritional goals.
They will have a wide array of classes in gymnastics, performing arts, aerial arts, fitness and so much more.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to learn muay thai.
I have tried other mma/muay thai gyms and he is by far the best!
I really enjoy this gym.
The staff is courteous and the gym has a shower too.
I learned so much in my personal training session with brian!
The best gym in las vegas!
Snap is for those of you that are "all business" when it comes to your fitness.
I discovered this small, intimate fitness studio after much research and trial memberships at other places.
He has a keen knowledge of fitness techniques and dietary management.
I've worked with many other trainers and i can honestly say john henry cares more about his clients than most.
Unlike other routines i've tried, the workout at mind & body fitness is something i look forward to every m-w-f.
I went to the gym yesterday and he was in the process of cleaning like a crazy man!
There has been dirt and nasty stuff by the free weights forever and it was sooo clean!
Kanoa gym and the owner are top notch.
The atmosphere of this gym makes all the difference in the world
Best gym you will find in many miles.
Serious gym for serious lifters.
The pool is gorg and the community has a lot of amenities (tanning, gym, theater).
I have been a member of this gym for 4 months now and it's awesome!
We discussed all details and aspects of this gym.
I'm happy with my decision of being a member here and i would definitely recommend this gym to anyone!
The kids gym is wonderful and the employees there are truly wonderful and love kids.
The facility is pretty small but offers pretty much everything: cardio machines, weights, group exercise, cycling, preschool, family events.
The durango location is so much more mellow and i never wait for kids gym.
I started coming to one kick's gym in march of 2011, and have had no regrets!
I met with the trainer chris and he was very friendly and knowledgeable as well.
Warning: jason has an infectious and overwhelming passion not just for fitness but the people he serves.
Training with him will not only change your body but your mind and how you approach life outside the gym.
I felt welcomed, had all my questions answered, and given a great tour of the gym the first visit.
I felt the rates were higher than a planet purple or fitness works but fair for what you get.
For $30 a month i have access to everything in the gym including basketball and raquet ball courts.
It's a gym, so the rest is on me!
La fitness did their part and did it well.
The trainers and staff are great!
They take the time to help you achieve your fitness goals.
It's better then any gym i've ever worked out in.
Bulldog had an advertisement on the road to the gym stating grand opening with competitive prices.
I've been coming to this gym for 6months and have no complaints.
The  workout took me to a different fitness level and was super fun and motivating.
The gym is super clean and the staff super friendly.
This is my neighborhood 24 hour fitness and i always feel welcomed when i come here.
I absolutely love this gym.
Ian has stocked his gym with the best equipment.
He offers classes such as boxing, strength & conditioning  and of course one on one personal training.
Ian himself is skilled in many fitness/ bodybuilding.
I like the gym a lot.
I am from southern california and i was going to a crappy 24 hour fitness paying almost $40.00 a month.
I am really happy that i found this gym.
This is not your typical gym.
I have always felt judged at the gym and planet fitness does not tolerate that.
I just want to get to the gym, use the elliptical and free weights and be on my way.
I now live in the area and spend a ton of time at the gym.
I heard lebron was at the pool just last year...  a negative would be the lack of free weight equipment.
The already tiny free weight section gets crowded and there's not much to choose from.
It's is a small gym and the cost is low.
Great gym, it has the necessities.
Omalza fitness has great trainers that always send out a positive vibe.
I have been wanting to try omalza fitness for the longest time ever since they were at their old location!
The trainers are all so welcoming and truly care about your well-being.
Big fan of this mountainside fitness location!
The guys in personal training are all awesome, especially ali.
Basic gym with cardio equipment, free weights, and weight machines.
They do push personal training, pretty hard, though, which can get annoying.
Basic gym with cardio equipment, free weights, and weight machines.
They do push personal training, pretty hard, though, which can get annoying.
I just joined mountainside fitness (mf) at the arrowhead location with my bff.
Met with brian in the personal training dept for 1 hour consultation.
This workout isn't just for the fit or young; there are all ages and varying levels of fitness at ot.
That being said, weight loss is also driven by your diet.
Great trainers, great classes!
Clean gym, friendly atmosphere, great routes / problems!
Final word: i wish this gym was in my neighborhood, my local gym doesn't chalk up!
Over the years i have seen the gym extremely busy at times, and extremely empty at times.
My biggest issue with this gym is the parking - which is fairly limited.
Overall, this gym provides good value for the price.
Let me start off my saying that this is the first gym i've joined in years.
I took a long hiatus from fitness and am suffering for it.
Wonderful gym, very convenient to my work.
Great selections of machines and weights.
Eric, the owner was eager to accommodate; asked me my workout goals, showed me the appropriate machines, the free-weights, etc.
This is was one of the first  gyms that i toured.
This beautiful gym is all that and more.
Awesome group fitness classes.
I highly recommend this facility before checking out any of the other gyms in vegas.
I recently checked out eos fitness as a guest of one of my buddies and i am impressed.
I definitely recommend this gym!
Great little gym with just right amount of workout machines and equipment.
Very clean and never busy which is a plus compared to most gyms in town.
If you don't want any distractions when working out, this is the gym to sign up for.
I have been taking some personal training classes with the owner and she is fabulous!
I had been looking for a "gym" but i had very specific wish list.
18 minutes of endurance/cardio, 20 minutes of strength training, and another 20 of flexibility which was pilates.
Rowing, lunging, twisting, medicine balls, terracore squats with weights, backward burpees and then finally....pilates.
I think they do offer other classes and personal training but this is just the tricore program that i'm reviewing.
The trainers are knowledgeable and very encouraging.
This is the best gym.
I have tried a few gyms around las vegas and this one beats them all!
My trainer really knows his stuff.
Well, yoga, spinning, cardio kickbox and bootcamp are, and zumba and muay thai kickboxing are extra.
Since it's at a gym, expect basic/intermediate level.
I love this gym!
There are rows and rows of ellipticals & treadmills, and multiples of every weight machines!
I am soooo incredibly impressed by this gym.
I did notice on occasion that some of the gym users don't wipe down the equipment after using it.
They also offer personal training, to teach you how to exercise and use the equipment properly.
The dream hours for a gym!
The equipment is all new and shiny and every single piece of cardio equipment has its own tv!
They offer classes and personal training for those that want it.
If you are looking for a new gym, stop by and check this one out.
I love this gym!
Very supportive group of people and listen to your fitness goals.
I had been fitness center shopping for a few months.
It's almost like having a personal trainer!
I would highly recommend this gym to men and women of all ages and fitness levels!
Off the grid fitness sets the bar in terms of member/trainer relationships.
Not only is the gym immaculate, the owner truly cares about his members.
I like that there are different movements and workouts each day, and that there are designated strength and cardio days.
Teaches her gymnastics in a fun environment and she has a great teacher!
All staff was friendly and helpful, classes were fun and challenging, the gym (especially locker rooms) were always clean.
Rarely did you find weights unracked.
You get what you pay for and this is the best gym i have ever belonged to.
Basically all of the equipment your normal gym has just scaled down.
$10 a year rec pass, and $50 to use the work out (weight room).
I am a tivoli regular so i have seen this gym before.
The staff at check in was excellent, the gym owner even greeted us and walked us to our first class.
I miss little gym.
My oldest got to enjoy little gym but his brother wont.
I feel for the lost kids of little gym.
Pretty big location, a lot of cardio machines and quiet and friendly atmosphere.
**planet fitnesses in general i am not a fan of the lunk alarm, i hate when it goes off.
I've tried going to a 24 hour gym before but didn't have the motivation to keep up with it.
It's been three months since i started at the gym and i'm a bit addicted now.
The conveinence of having the gym so close to where i live is a huge plus.
As for the 'lunk alarm' it scares the crap out of you if someone drops a weight.
Is this a 5star gym?
Love the concept of a green gym where i can do a little good for the planet while burning calories!
You can also do training for bouldering.
This is a very nice gym.
Not pretentious like other trainers i've dealt with.
I for once can say i love going to the gym!
Dancing and fitness are her passion, and this translates through every single class she teaches.
I've been training with him for over a year now.
I've seen my body progressively change and i can't imagine training anywhere else.
This gym is fantastic!
By far the best gym i've been to and for several reasons:  1).
The trainers, in addition to being able to answer any question you have, are just very nice and friendly.
I would be very surprised if such a kindness would have occurred at one of the corporate gyms in town.
The one thing i like most about this gym is the website that goes along with it!
I recommend this anytime fitness!
The gym is awesome - they have cardio machines, weight machines, free weights and group classes.
This has been my gym for 9 years.
Awesome gym to go to.
You really train hard when you come here.
Love that it is closer to home compared to our old gym
The patio lifting area is set up nice for any rubber weight workout and the pool is a nice feature.
I've been to several of the la fitness locations in the valley and this one is the best by far.
Free weight section is huge, tons of cardio equipment and the spin class area is pretty impressive.
After trying many gyms, i joined planet fitness in brook park in june of 2012.
They are the first gym i've found that has the arc trainer!
It's my favorite cardio machine, and its hard to find in gyms around here!
I just joined this gym.
I was a member in several nice gyms in chicago and this place keeps up!
I was pleasantly surprised by the enormous facility, tons of weight machine, freeweight, stationary and electric stations!
I am so happy to have found such a great gym close to home.
I had been a member of this planet fitness for a couple years before i cancelled my membership last month.
I never had any problems finding a cardio machine as there are plenty.
I give this planet fitness at edgewood town center 4 stars, but i give the entire chain 3 stars.
But if pf is really "judgement free," why are people who lift weights, wear tanks and drink water called "lunks"?
Why is there a "lunk alarm" at the gym?
This explains why the free weight area is so small!
Love the family style atmosphere at this gym!
Ian is an amazing trainer with a wide variety of exercise options that keep you engaged and get results.
The group fitness classes are really challenging but super motivating.
I have been to many goodlife fitness clubs, and i am currently using 2 locations.
I go to the fitness classes.
The trainers will challenge you personally...come, but be ready to work.
If you're  looking for a new exercise experience try trx suspension training.
Hands down, best gym in scottsdale... check it out!
I sometimes can't get to the gym until late at night.
And like most gym bathrooms/locker rooms, it doesn't smell the best, but it is at least clean.
I joined the higley gym which has nice amenities, but when i started ileana's zumba class, i was hooked.
I highly recommend eos fitness mesa or higley because of this class.
I've been to one other anytime fitness and this one is super clean and has friendly, approachable employees.
Now that i've been back this fall working hard at mountainside, i must compliment the fitness team at this location.
Je viens surtout pour le gym et je le trouve pas mal.
Il y a pas mal de machines (tapis, vlo elliptique, vlos) et d'espace pour s'entrainer avec pas mal de miroirs.
Le gym est souvent ouvert, jusqu' 23h le dimanche soir franchement c'est le must.
I find this gym meets all my needs, but i don't think it has a wow factor.
This is a bouldering gym and its got tons of training equipment as well.
There is a wide variety: zumba, yoga, dance cardio and more.
Overall much nicer than gyms i've paid twice the amount for and the indoor track is my personal favorite!
But i do find goodlife fitness to be a little on the pricey side.
There are gyms in the brampton area that are less money.
So i have been a 24 hour fitness member for over 3 years now.
I have a personal, mental gym passport for all the gyms i go to.
I've even had 3 memberships at a time for 24, ufc, and universal fitness club.
That's the best thing about 24, there's so many locations and it's not as packed as these cheap $10/month gyms.
This gym gives a very luxurious but not too pricey feel.
This is going to be my new go-to gym.
They are open 24/7 hence anytime fitness.
Dan and travis have done a great job since taking over the gym.
Their programming and investment into the gym is much appreciated.
The people at this gym are wonderful.
As a previous member of 24 hour fitness and la fitness.. let me just tell you..
This gym blows them clear out of the water.
This is so big for me because i usually shower at the gym especially if i go before work.
Some 24 hour fitnesses and las were open 24 hours and that was a great advantage.
As with any gym, steer clear of monday's around 5, you won't be able to move.
I love that for one membership i can get strength focused barre classes as well as cardio ones, too.
So far i can happily say, these are not la fitness people.
I still enjoy the gym.
My favorites are the originals... chisel, cardio sculpt & belly butt thighs bootcamp.
* $10/month get you into the gym to workout.
* $20/month gives you access to the gym (obvi) plus classes.
You can also go to other crunch gyms.
This gym is super clean and convienent.
Unfortunately, playing sports as adults in these small gyms can make for some weird games.
What was also quite nice was the gym.
It looked clean, had plenty of cardio machines and even an indoor track.
The trainers will help you modify your workouts as needed.
The classes available are cardio, strength and core.
They also have trx bands and weight bags.
Kevin is a great trainer and is very motivational.
Gym is convenient and you don't have to wait on machines.
I have the pleasure of training with duron patton at omalza.
Highly experienced, great motivator, all the equipment necessary for fitness needs of all kinds and always nice people there.
If you haven't trained there, i would highly suggest it!!!
Staff and trainers are awesome.
I used to be a member of 24 hour fitness but was not getting the results i wanted.
Every class is the equivalent to working with your own personal trainer, without the outrageous fees.
Check out more videos and pics of the action going on-- instagram @omalzafitness.
Marcalline is my amazing personal trainer.
Ian for opening up this incredible gym, and ayla for keeping me on track and keeping me healthy.
My daughter loves to come to the gym with me, and she adores her auntie ayla.
Honestly, all of the trainers there are super friendly and very outgoing.
Classes come with the gym as well but i just haven't checked them out yet.
The environment is awesome and i've actually gotten close with the trainers and staff!
Wide variety of equipment and several cardio machines.
One-one personal training sessions with group classes available.
Ian and his trainers work with all types of people looking to add/change there fitness condition.
Omalza is quickly becoming a go to training facility for ufc fighters for conditioning camps!
The gym itself is about 1500sq ft with a single bathroom.
I like gyms that aren't the new age/cross fit type thing.
I like old school gym where real fighters train.
As a former member of la fitness, i approve of planet fitness (pf).
Unlike your "standard" looking gym, they have designated areas where you can focus on specific needs.
On top of that, you get access to various cardio machines, strength training machines, and free weights.
Lastly, wifi is free to all members using their standard password that is plastered throughout the gym.
The one aspect that i really appreciate the most is the ease of flipping tv channels on their cardio machines.
Most songs played will also be accompanied with its music video display on several tvs throughout the fitness center.
I just searched the closest one and did not know my membership was not valid at this gym.
To call this place a climbing gym is to use a misnomer, it truly is a training facility.
This gym is fabulous!
The trainers really kick your butt!!
Personal trainer is included in my membership as well.
Lots of cybex and nautilus, tons and tons of freeweights.
Great cardio workout, excellent strength and mental training.
I live a half-mile from the stallings gym, so it doesn't get much easier.
This location also always keeps a good supply of free gym towels.
I'd highly recommend this gym if you're in the area.
Boe boxing has become my second home in vegas, and i don't know where i'd be without this gym!
If you are looking for a fun, supportive gym, where you feel like family, this is your place!
Best gym in champaign!
I've checked out many other gyms, including the ymca, and i truly think the refinery does it best.
The gym is always clean and equipment is well maintained.
Although i've never tried their personal training, i know that's also available for those who are into that.
I really dislike the "gym" at my apartment complex so i needed somewhere to get my fitness on.
Awesome fitness place for your money.
Best gym in vegas!
I highly recommend this gym to everyone.
I've been a member of anytime fitness for the past 6 months.
Been going to this gym here for a year, and i guess it's alright.
Pretty decent gym except for 3 things:  1.
I'm a firm believer that gym showers should have some sort of divider between each stall.
24 hour fitness, this is not a prison!
Other than that, i like this gym facility.
I can't speak about the spa because i just went here for the gym.
I was a guest at bally's, where the fitness center didn't fit my needs.
I'm only giving four stars because i'm technically not reviewing the spa, really just reviewing the gym and management.
Best gym in town!
There's always a trainer there guiding you through the routines.
The cardio/free weight/jump rope area is a bit small.
Competition in the gym space is fierce.....there are new ones opening up all the time.
B52 is that gym.
All the gym equipment was carefully researched and chosen from an italian company called technogym.
Also, in our high tech world, the cardio machines (elliptical, bikes, treadmills, etc.)
If you're looking for a new gym, this is the place.
This is a green gym with self powering and power generating cardio machines.
The gym has wifi and exercise machines have a tv and fan.
The gym hours work well for us.
Nodis is the most unique and effective approach to fitness i've ever experienced.
The trainers are kind and patient and the atmosphere is very causal and comfortable.
Some of the equipment can be seen here: www.theshifter.com and there's more info on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/nodis-fitness-clinic/531458230242639  definitely check it out!
It is easily the best gym i've belonged to.
They have a trainer for every personality.
There aren't any nice gyms in the area which is why i joined but now i'm hooked.
They were very friendly and gave me a tour and explanation on how the circuit training works.
Since this was my first time at this type of gym, i was a bit confused with how it works.
They have a ladies only fitness area which not to many other golds gyms do.
My daughter has attended many programs here including shabbat party, swim lessons, jungle gym and the do re...me!
My trainer terry bachman has changed my life.
5 years ago i was an old, overweight male with no muscle tone.
Nice gym with great hours and equipment.
The trainers are amazing and know how to produce results.
I am also learning a lot about nutrition through the trainers which is a huge plus!
This gym is incredible.
The energy produced by the machines power the gym so it's all green!
The locker room is clean and spacious - the whole gym is clean!
The trainers here are absolutely amazing.
It's an exclusive type of gym.
Social and fitness club.
Love this gym, only complaint is the price.
My favorite gym since it was the only location that is open 24 hours.
$10 a month gets you a quick and dirty dim lit environment with ample equipment for any fitness level.
Fyi use to be the old golds gym so you will find some good old school training equipment still here.
Steel plates for that wondrous stacking sound....if your a gym junky you know what i'm talking about.
Each workout is high intensity with a mix of cardio and strength/body-weight training.
The trainers are great motivators, and will offer adjustments if you're form is off in strength training.
The gym is always clean.
Huge selection of weights and bikes.
If you live in the area this is the gym for you.
Totally recommend this place for fitness.
I've been waiting for a gym like body vision.
I've tried many gyms in the area yet body vision has the best workout.
The trainers provide really productive workouts.
I just joined this gym so this is based on my initial sign up and my 1st work out session.
It was prime time for a gym to be busy between 5pm and 6pm.
There's no waiting for cardio machines like other gyms.
The arc trainer is my go to cardio machine so i was impressed to see how many they had.
Overall i thought the gym was clean, i did read some reviews about the bathroom being nasty.
Join this gym three months ago and i love it.
Way better than la fitness!
For 3+ years, i've trained with eric.
There's always something going on & now simple math: train 10x a month = 1 free session.
5 * rating for eric, the fabulous  & solid 4 * for the gym.
They are what makes this gym a second 'home' to me.
Find me a gym that doesn't have one, oh wait- you can't because this is the real world.
I usually try many different gyms while there.
The pricing compared to other gyms was very fair and reasonable.
Etf has been an absolute game-changer for my fitness and strength.
The best part is probably the trainers, who are all motivational, great with form corrections and simply awesome people.
This gym offers clean, upscale equipment and very friendly service for a price that makes my chin hit the ground.
No pool, sauna, courts), but for your basic cardio and weight training, it is *perfect*.
I have been training there for a few weeks now, it's a great all body workout different every time.
The trainers are great, very friendly, helpful and work in a professional manner.
I was looking for a place to continue training while on vacation and came across kanoa strength gym.
I love the mixture of cardio and stations to work all parts of the body.
Thank you jay for a nice neighborhood gym.
It beats those $10.00 a month foo foo gyms.
Not your run of the mill "chain" gym...and that's what makes it awesome.
My wife and i come here to work out with our trainer atrell and she is absolutely indescribeable.
If you're in need of a trainer and aren't afraid to step out of your little box....trell is your girl!
I found a very welcoming staff, large and well equipped gym, clean, straight forward place.
My $20 membership came with a free personal training session.
I signed up for 6 months of 12 personal training sessions with $37 biweekly payments.
The gym is crowded but so far i'm only using the cardio machines so it doesn't affect my workouts.
Today i left my headphones at home and i used the cinema room for my cardio workout.
Best gym i've trained at in years!
I currently work for golds gym in las vegas as a trainer mind you.
Has everything a true bodybuilder, power lifter and weight lifter could hope for.
Classmates, instructors, and masters at this gym are family always filling you with positive energy.
A great taekwondo gym to become the best person overall at school, work, and life.
Gym located on the very top floor of a mall in downtown montreal.
This gym was fantastic.
The gym took up the entire top floor of the mall.
They have squat racks, machines, cable towers, tons of cardio machines, and even a rack for you cross-fitters.
Definitely a great gym if you want to get a serious workout in.
I only lift weights and shower afterwards.showers are very clean!
The weight machines are always functional and nothing is ever broken.
I enjoy eos fitness club immensely.
I purchased a personal trainer for 6 months.
I highly recommend brandon and i love eos fitness.
The gym is huge and never crazy busy,  they have tanning beds and booths.
This gym also has a no lunk (meathead) policy.
Solid gym and they call themselves "the judgement free gym".
Big fan of this gym.
Chris is a top notch trainer.
If you want a gym that will challenge you to be healthier and better, sicfit old town will not disappoint.
I highly recommend this gym and all it has to offer.
First, i'd like to point out that this review is only for small group classes, not personal training.
The gym is a little difficult to find.
The inside of the gym is not typical for a gym.
It is set up for personal training, not weight lifting on an individual basis.
Typically there was one person participating in a personal training session while the small group classes were going on.
It was a nice mix of cardio and weight training using your own body weight.
Samantha was a motivating trainer.
I started training about a month ago at eos- and melissa is amazing!
She's very humble, kind and works extremely hard for those she trains!
And adjusted my fitness routine accordingly so that i could reach my goals!
I love my gym, love love love!
This gym is always clean and well taken care of.
I have a good experience so far with la fitness.
I met with jesse yesterday for my fitness assessment, and he was incredibly helpful and professional.
In the back they also have a training area with weights, bosu ball, jump ropes, etc.
Overall, first wind cycling & fitness has exceeded my expectations.
The equipment is all new and a decent number of machines in both the cardio and weight room.
The kid's gym is great too.
I love its place,lvac is hands down the best gym i've gone to.
Personal training with brandon has been a good experience.
In town from la (home of the uppity gyms).
If you want a trainer that cares, then steve boe will not disappoint you.
This is a very nice, new looking gym.
The layout of the gym is great since the cardio location overlooks the whole place.
I like the tvs on each of the cardio equipment as well.
The machines and benches are all better quality than other gyms have--feel more comfy with more padding.
I think membership is somewhere around $40/month which is on par for this level of gym.
Small gym with friendly people.
So happy i have found this gym.
Been training at this gym for a couple months now and i love it!
Hands down this is the best gym option in the area.
Most gyms tend to quickly show age and let things go and i hope this doesn't happen here.
Now that it's hot as hell outside, i'm back in the gym instead of running outside.
Probably to compete with lifetime fitness.
Maybe their parents all got them lifetime fitness memberships and drop them off there now.
Summer will be less miserable with a nice gym nearby.
The trainers know what they're doing and ensure you are using proper form for maximum results.
Truly fitness for every body!
The gym is well equipped and exercises vary to keep your interest.
This gym is very well organized, the most of the staff is welcoming and it is always clean.
I work out with a trainer, shawn bork, who is amazing.
He is one of the best trainers i've met.
Ahhh how im becoming a lil gym junkie!
The childrens gym is better than the meadows, but not as amazing as the one in pueblo.
The next huge room is were all your free weights and machines are.
The weight room is super great!
We go to the toddler play gym after class and she plays with all the great kids and toys.
To start the trainers are awesome!
I am constantly working out differently muscle groups while working out my heart with all the cardio!
I have been looking for a long time for a gym that i would actually feel motivated to go to!
First wind has changed that - i actually look forward to going to gym class multiple times a week!
I'm no longer making excuses to skip the gym.
Friendly staff, good trainers, and clean equipment.
Luckily, all the workouts scale to your level of fitness so there's no "minimum fitness" required.
Ever get the feeling that some people have the wrong expectations about gyms (and gym memberships for that matter)?
This gym is nicer than most gyms out there and has a very new feel to it.
Also, for some reason there seems to be a conspicuous shortage of ten pound free weights.
Not only is the gym big, well maintained, stocked with great equipment... the service and trainers here are good.
I used a trainer here for 3 months and go the best results i ever had!
I didn't mind going to this gym because it's just a pleasant place to work out.
There mat area and stretching area is almost as big as most goodlife free weight area.
The free weight area is really big.
I've never had to wait for a bench though i've had to wait for the smaller sized free weights.
As for the trainers, i had one phenomenal one and one fairly good one.
I've never seen such results so quickly plus she was a sweet trainer.
I really miss her as my trainer when she moved.
The trainer that replaced her didn't get what i want but he was very nice and encouraging.
There's one funny thing about this gym.
I've never seen so many young girls just primp for sitting around at a gym.
Too bad i can't go on swole patrol and slam weights here, but regardless i love this place.
I 100% recommend this gym to anyone who is looking to make healthy lifestyle changes and challenge themselves.
Now i'm training there and i love it!!!!
I love rachel's gym.
The gym has its act together.
Happy to have found this gym would recommend it to others.
After eating like a pig throughout the entire week, it's time to hit the weights and the treadmill.
I love this gym.
The trainers are super nice as well as the equipment.
The gym itself is awesome, it has every piece of workout equipment imaginable and they even have massage chairs!
I've tried a lot of gyms in vegas and omalza is by far the best!
Anyone can start here - does not matter your fitness level.
The trainers are fantastic and care about their clients.
I'll be staying at this gym long past my challenge is over!
I joined the 6week challenge to drop 6% body fat here at omalza fitness, and the challenge itself was amazing.
This gym is extremely clean with nice equipment.
I love being an anytime fitness member because the facilities are pretty consistent across the board.
Is a gym with friendly staff and how important this close to home and always clean, lk recommend siempre
I started training with billy ferguson and wow!
Totally see why he has the title of master trainer.
He makes me want to come to the gym, even after a busy day.
I love this gym.
You feel like you really get to know your trainers and they are super encouraging.
This gym is so much fun.
They also offer personal training, and manard is an amazing trainer.
He goes above and beyond to talk to everyone whether they're in class or on the gym floor.
No problems with parking a lot of cardio equipment  i didn't have good workouts here, but not blaming this gym.
Originally thought she worked at the gym or was a trainer.
If in the area, i will check out this gym again.
I have been going to this gym since november.
Overall i am really happy with this gym!
Very clean, friendly staff, and multiple cardio/core/weight machines to keep the exercise regimen changing.
I went 2x a week for 8 sessions, and training was a good hour with a 30 minute cool down.
I still follow his nutritional guide even after training ended.
His gym has some awesome equipment and everyday i had a different routine for my work out.
I have known about per fit for many years but never tried the personal trainer route.
My favorite thing about this gym was the tkb classes and the instructors.
Just moved and already miss this gym.
Best gym i've ever been to.
From ownership to trainers, just a great experience.
More then just a gym.
This gym is small, and very crowded at times.
However, for the price the gym isn't bad.
I rotate youfit and gold's gym downtown throughout the week (depending on my workout buddy).
The gym is never packed and is squeaky clean the majority of the time.
It has all the machines and weights i need, and they are always available (unlike other gyms).
I personally like the layout of the gym, it makes it feel less claustrophobic.
Everyone at this gym is there to work out and i always feel comfortable here.
Just machines and weights to get your workout on.
If you are looking for a place to grind and meet fitness goals, this place is great.
Planet fitness caters to the gym-goer that doesn't use a ton of free weights.
A line/crowd to get weights while some take the right selfie.
**  love this gym and the classes.
I recently switched from la fitness and all i can say so far are positive things about planet fitness .
I am very impressed with the spotless locker rooms, multitude of fitness classes and new equipment.
Our membership also came with a consultation with a personal trainer, as well as one free session.
Today, i finished my free personal training session with cj and i am exhausted!
I can't believe i'm actually looking forward to going to the gym again!
If you in picketing and looking for a gym to call home, join here at 1792 liverpool rd in picketing.
Does the gym smell like feet?
It's a climbing gym.
Billy ferguson, master trainer, has been a godsend to me.
I love omalza fitness!
The trainers are awesome.
What can a say about the trainers and staff at omalaza fitness....
Each trainer i worked with personally or in class treated me like i was their main priority.
The gym is clean, bright, safe, and the vibe is extremely positive.
I'm so thrilled i was introduced to the amazing people at omalaza fitness!
Before omalza i've always plateaued with other gyms and workouts because of boredom.
The weight equipment seemed very adequate for the recreational lifter and wasn't crowded at all in the afternoon.
Machines are well maintained and the gym is always clean.
I never dread going to the gym anymore.
Since i started training last year i've dropped my body fat by 8 percentage points and lost 10 pounds.
They have unbelievable training with great teachers.
The style of teaching is fantastic and it is obvious that the training and certification process they go through works.
Krav maga and street self defense training builds on proven techniques that combine instinct with power.
The world would be a safer place if more good people got this kind of real world, intense training.
This is especially prevalent in the weight machines area.
Also, that functional training area should've been smaller in order to fit more machines.
This review is not meant as a diss toward the gym.
**update**  as promised, we went back after a few months to check out the gym.
My wife loves the cardio equipment.
The gym is $10 a month.
There's lots of gym equipment and clean bathrooms.
If you plan to show up, work out, and then leave, it's a great gym for that.
Most gyms charge you if you don't give advanced written notice so i'd say that's industry standard.
Base this review off of the fact that this gym is $10 a month.
I use this gym solely on the weekends in the winter for the treadmills.
They do have weights and some machines and really all in all the selection is decent.
It is the only gym in the area that is open 24 hours.
It is the only gym as far as i know with free wifi.
The gym etiquette is also really high as a lot of people were seen wiping down the machines.
This gym has a nice family atmosphere.
I plan on purchasing the year membership once i'm a little more back into this fitness game.
Initially i was worried about going to this gym because of the low cost.
This is our second crossfit gym and can't say enough good things about it.
They even have childcare so that parents can make it to the gym.
New to the gym and i love it.
This gym is the deal deal.
Another positive eos cinema has help with doing cardio on the treadmill and stairmaster.
I have slowly fallen in love with the this gym and look forward to my next work out.
Another positive is eos cinema has help with doing cardio on the treadmill and stairmaster.
I have slowly fallen in love with the this gym and look forward to my next work out.
While there are many choices for crossfit gyms this one is something special.
Cardio machines always empty too.
Not too many juiceheads, unnecessary weight slamming here.
All in all, there's nothing that turns me off from this gym.
Are you already in shape but just want a great gym to go to?
Then look no further because omalza fitness is your destination.
Let me tell you that this is the best gym experience you will ever get.
So stop being a couch potato and head on over to omalza fitness for all your fitness needs!
A great crossfit gym is part "place to work out" and part "sense of community".
The have many classes,daycare and what's awesome is personal trainers.
I also love this gym because it's clean, comfortable and easy to move about.
It's not just self defense, but fitness, martial arts, boxing, and street fighting all rolled into one.
I've done just about every type of fitness possible but martial arts.
There is a base price for using the gyms equipment, and any classes are charged for separately.
You can also sign up for classes without signing up for the gym.
Mountainside fitness at arrowhead is a great gym.
Has weights, classes, and crossfit area.
Love this place and have had it as my home gym for almost two years!
Favorite gym in the city bar far.
About 5 months ago i moved to fountain hills and i was looking for a good and clean gym.
I was searching around and found this gym.
This is by far the best gym in the fountain hills area!!!
The only bad thing about the gym is the stuff...they suck!!!
There's a small selection of weights and cardio machinesas well.
I really enjoyed the workouts, trainers & the overall positive environment.
Overall, i would definitely recommend this program to anyone who is looking to accomplish their fitness goals.
I always feel welcomed in there and they give you a free personal training session which was amazing.
I recommend this gym to all my friends.
Build more gyms like this and you will attract more members.
The trainers are awesome, personable, and knowledgeable.
Thanks to their workouts and positive attitudes, i have fallen in love with the gym all over again.
This is a really huge and nice gym i have ever been to in las vegas.
Center of the gym there is a healthy juice bar.
Toured the gym for a bit.
Downstairs there is a pool, cardio section and free weights.
At the end of the day, we checked out, talked to the staff about more information about this gym.
Grind fitness is amazing!
Rachelle is an awesome trainer and really knows her stuff when it comes to nutrition and fitness.
I've really fallen in love with this gym!
Free weights, a plethora of machines, great employees, a smoothie bar, and most importantly, a steam room!
Not to mention they have a huge variety of group fitness classes.
He let me workout to give eos a try and it's an awesome gym/fitness center.
I wanted functional training equipment and that they have.
I've been a member of this gym for a little over two months.
I'm loving this gym and the format that they have.
Coaches benny and kendall are great certified trainers that make sure you are doing the exercises correctly.
Training isn't just his career it's truly his calling!
This is how he lives, clean eating and strength training!
He has made a huge difference in my fitness journey.
Such a good gym everything is very organized and they are so helpful with everything.
The gym is clean and neat.
The main gym (full membership) has a ton of current equipment.
I love this gym.
It is not really a fault of the gyms, other than they don't require an id for a day pass.
This gym is huge.
I wish i lived closer to this one cause i would make this my home gym!
My most favorite gym i have joined, by far.
Over all it's an ok gym to get a workout in.
Fantastic weightlifting programming, coaching, as well as powerlifting, endurance, and strongman.
Gym is clean, equipment is fantastic, but the community is what will keep you coming back.
I really love coming to this gym.
Omalza fitness is amazing!!!!!
Can't think of a better gym experience i've ever had!
I recently finished the 6 week challenge at omalza fitness and saw some positive results.
We started off with some sessions with a trainer who helped us plan a workout good for our abilities.
I was here for only a limited time due to conflicting schedules but this gym provided me everything i needed!
I typically never like to shower anywhere for sanitary reasons but db made my standards for gyms skyrocket.
Great gym and thanks to danica hopefully i will be going back in the summertime!
I found this gym randomly as i was looking for something close to my home and work.
I got tired of the gym and needed a different workout to get me motivated again.
The trainers are really great.
Lots of machines but free weight selection is very limited.
Just like any gym, sometimes there are crowds, sometimes not.
I'm not homophobic, i just don't go to the gym to be stalked.
Bap, big ass pool, a medium size aerobics and weight room, an indoor track.
The personal trainer helps personalize your strengths and monitors your progress.
The trainers are amazing, the workouts are intense but modifications help when not your strongest day.
New equipment, organized set up, different weights with many to chose from  & super clean.
Im not sure why everyone is so negative about this gym!
My trainers name is jensen and she's the best!
Fun to train with and works me hard at the same time!
They include team classes and its a great work out with a fun trainer!
I definitely recommend joining this gym!
I never participated but there seems to be a lot of classes and personal training happening.
Cleaning staff seems to always be there keeping the gym clean and neat.
Lower garage with elevator that takes you right to the gym.
This gym was awesome!
I think if you're looking for a trainer they are very willing to help you.
I think the machines are great, the gym's structure is very straightforward.
The other chain gym warehouses are off the rack experiences.
I walked in for my first session with a trainer, wondering what the process was for connecting with him.
Trainers and management bent over backwards to work around my insane work schedule.
Does any of this sound like your experience with gyms in las vegas?
And david barton gym is the real thing.
I have been going to this gym for about 5 years.
I started attending when it was 24 hour fitness.
I liked what they have to offer of all the other gyms i had been to including la fitness.
Then la fitness took this gym over.
One of the features i liked that they seemed to keep was keeping the gym open 24 hours.
The fitness area, is standard with weights and machines.
The fitness area is not managed by the spa people, it is managed by the hotel.
Blame the hotel operations people if there are any problems in the fitness area.
I really really really like this gym.
I was a member at 24 hour fitness, which was terrible.
This gym is modern, hip, and has a tv on every elliptical!
I am happy to say that i recommend this gym!
Read more at http://www.mylocalservices.com/ohio/health_clubs_studios_and_gymnasiums/21065526/ilovekickboxing_akron.html#vmzlxx7qxejcmsqq.99
This is a great new gym coming to the safeway anchored shopping center at happy valley & 39th ave.
I just recently joined this gym and i really enjoy it.
However, its a cheap gym so a crowd is kind of expected.
One of the best gyms in the area by far.
They lost the 5th star just because they are way too pushy to sell you personal trainer packages.
I love this gym and it's only 2 minutes from my house.
Great equipment, personal trainers, and group classes.
The gym is very clean and have sanitizing wipes stations all over the cardio/weight area.
I'm glad we have a gym away from home to work out at, sorry we didn't realize it sooner!
This 24hr fitness center is definitely one of the cleanest gym's i've been in.
This gym is conveniently located right off the 515 freeway with plenty of parking available.
Eos gym has a great trainer with mark neumeyer.
This is not a hi-fi gym with all the equipment in the world.
Personal trainers are professional and have great work ethics.
I have been training from sept 2015 with my trainer will and he is awesome, inspiring and highly motivating.
He brings in different workouts for every class which keep me pumped up and ready for gym every class.
The brand new gym is beautiful and spacious.
The gym itself is well organized, clean, tidy, and the equipment is new.
I highly recommend this gym for people at all fitness levels.
It's rare to find a gym here in las vegas that's not "clicky" and i haven't experienced that here yet.
Very helpful trainers that pay attention to your form and help you push yourself.
There is no intimidating, competitive gym vibe here.
A very effective workout concept in a nice gym space.
I thought i was in fairly good shape until i started training with jason, i was wrong!
I  have been coming for about 1 year and i every training session is different and unique.
The three main trainers ( jason, erin & erika) here are outstanding, very friendly and knowledgeable.
I would recommend this gym, especially my trainer (jason) to anyone.
I'm a boulder who regularly goes to planet granite sunnyvale (california) and central rock gym worcester (massachusetts).
Bennie and kendall were welcoming and motivating trainers and i felt welcome from the first  class.
Even cancelling my membership was smooth and drama free- which is not always the case at other gyms.
I felt the burn from the first class-which can include rowing, treadmill, floorwork, boxing, and weights.
They do have themed classes and they have meets ups outside of the gym.
This gym is located inside the bramalea mall and is massive offering a wide selection of cardio equipment and weights.
The gym itself is large in capacity and has an indoor pool as well as a women's only section.
Always seems to be busy but no waits for weights.
Overall, i'm very happy with this gym and would recommend it to others.
Such a great gym!
The trainers are very supportive and helpful.
Really a great gym!
Excellent hours, always impeccably clean, high tech cardio machines, incredibly friendly staff and manager.
Other gym goers seem well vetted and are nice.
The gym itself could be significantly larger, and tries it best to split space between aerobics and free weights.
Free weights selection is good, but at busy times the squat racks (2) and the smith machine aren't enough.
Please don't let the comments above dissuade you, truly an excellent, clean gym with amazing hours and great equipment!
The personal trainer helps personalize your strengths and monitors your progress.
There is almost always a squat rack available, fewer machines than most gyms but plenty of free-weights, cables, and bands.
I recently signed up at la fitness and for the personal training program.
I met with peter v and had my first training session with him.
Had my first training session with doug s. and it was awesome.
Price is on the same level as some of the top local gyms.
Only problem is this gym is lacking in size and equipment.
If you like paying 50 a month for a semi private cardio room, it will do just fine.
Mr cannon and his team are the experts when it comes to physical training.
Great and basic gym.
I joined for an easy and local gym with no frills.
The machines and free weights are well maintained.
I'm sure at times it can be busy but that happens with any gym.
The gym is getting updated, they've changed the cleaning company and it's not a bazillion degrees inside the gym.
I acually received a lengthy email from the new gym manager (brad).
Brad's mentioned the gym is going to be updating the equipment and televisions (my two biggest issues).
I read some of the reviews of the gym and was disgusted by what some people wrote about this place.
Anyway, this gym is actually very nice.
The staff is very friendly and the gym is always clean.
I love the space this gym has.
The locker rooms are not at all like the ones at most other gyms i have been to.
They are spacious and that hairy naked guy that parades himself about in every gym is defiantly absent (thank goodness).
All in all, the atmosphere is very relaxing and quiet for a gym.
Lucas james is quite simply the best personal trainer in scottsdale, arizona.
I spent 9 months training with lucas from the fall of 2012 to the summer of 2013.
I've learned how to properly use weights and exercise equipment and how to improvise if something i need isn't available.
Don't think that working out with lucas will mean that you're stuck in the gym.
Without hesitation i would recommend lucas to anyone looking for a personal trainer.
I haven't been to any other boxing gym, but the trainers really push me.
Started in january and have been going strong ever since, i can't believe what a great gym this is!
He does personal training, sports performance, nutritional counseling, and olympic weightlifting.
On the flip side it is very crowded and not enough fitness classes at times i am looking.
Plus i like just being able to pop into a fitness class not have to sign up hours before.
All your fitness needs with a good price!
Trainers aren't pushy over all good atmosphere!
This fitness one location is very clean and organized, their pricing is very fair!
There staff is very friendly i would recommend this gym.
Introverts, this is the gym for you!
Ive always been put off by regular gyms.
I'm a runner with a nasty habit of neglecting cross training.
I love my workouts at planet fitness!
I joined the gym 2 weeks ago.
I love the variety of weights and the movie room.
The locker rooms are also clean, an extra little perk for those looking for showers after the gym.
I love this gym!
If you're even thinking about starting up at this gym this is definitely the place.
Every single person that is apart of this gym is so kind and welcoming.
I absolutely love this gym!
Have been a d1 athlete and around gyms my entire life and this gym has it all.
How is this gym different?
I have continued on after the challenge at this fantastic gym and with a personal trainer.
24 hour fitness - mountain vista & tropicana  i've been to every 24 hour fitness in las vegas and henderson.
This 24 hour fitness opened their doors to the public in may.
This is the newest and cleanest 24 hour fitness in town.
Overall, i like this gym.
-tons of free weights, benches, power racks, and squat racks.
-hammer strength machines -multiple pull up bars -a lot of cardio equipment, including sturdy stair-monsters and low impact dreadmills.
Perfect for those long liss cardio sessions.
Really happy i found this fitness studio.
Definitely training like no other!
Ian totally takes my training to the next level.
I wish i'd found him and his gym sooner.
If you're looking to step your fitness game up, omalza fitness is absolutely the place to be!
Best gym in all of las vegas!
I love this gym.
It is not really a fault of the gyms, other than they don't require an id for a day pass.
I love this location and love my trainer and the staff!
I definitely feel much better here then my previous gym, at mountain fitness.
When it comes to a gym, i'm not very difficult to please since i don't require much.
They aren't stuck with one type of class like orange theory and they aren't super expensive like lifetime fitness is.
They also provide daycare and children yoga, functional and fitness classes.
Best gym in vegas!
It is a perfect balance of cardio, strength, endurance, power, and speed.
The trainers are awesome!!!
Think you've got cardio??
Pillow (abs) from doing so many crunches head (from sweating so much and everthing else that moved  got cardio?
Thanks for hosting a great gym and better staff!
The workouts are always challenging and the style of this gym is effective and unintimidating.
They want you to be challenged and successful in meeting your personal fitness goals.
The facility is big and roomy, no rows and rows of machines or gym rats here.
Been a member of this gym for 6 months now and i like it.
Bathrooms and weight sections are always clean.
I basically go to omalza fitness to hangout with the staff.
I only went to the gym, not the spa, but i found it to be just fine.
A 5 day pass to the gym was $100 (they have single day passes and a 3 day pass too).
The gym is pretty big with cardio and weigh training equipment in abundance.
In fact, i didn't see anything at all broken in the gym.
All the comforts of a regular gym.
I recently joined eos through kevin and already it has become one of my favorite gyms in az.
They have a bunch of cardio equipment, weights, classes, personal training, and my personal favorite a "privacy" work out room.
I highly recommend this gym to everyone.
I've been looking into gyms for my son who has an interest for boxing/martial arts.
Turned into la fitness, new staff is not as friendly.
Q the new director of personal training (not sure of his official title) is wonderful.
I have been to other la fitness' since the take over and they sure are fancy!
I use the fancy la fitness for spin class, but drive here to use the weights.
This is my new favorite gym in the phoenix area.
The gym itself is incredibly clean and well organized.
We joined mountainside fitness since we moved farther away from the gold's-turned-eos we'd been members of for a few years.
I've never had any issue with any of the cardio machines.
There are a ton of weight machines and free weights.
I've never had any problem finding space to do my workouts or find the right weights.
The variety and quality of the fitness classes offered is superb.
Personal trainers are available for a fee, and they are uniformly excellent.
If you like machines, they have every conceivable type, as well as free weights, bands, swimming pool, etc.
Personal trainer amanda garcia gets 5 stars.
When we train, her focus is on me 100%.
It's so great to finally work with a trainer that cares as much about my success as i do.
Definitely recommend her for your personal trainer needs.
Every trainer is top notch and interested in everyone meeting their goals.
Boe is extremely sweet to everyone at his gym and the workouts there get pretty intense!
I've tried a variety of classes from yoga, cardio kickboxing to barre classes and they've all rocked!
I have a long-term membership fo all 24 hour fitness facilities so i have been to quite a few.
They have worked in some of the newer machines for circuit training and upgraded a lot of their cardio equipment.
For the most part this gym seems to have a slightly older crowd and people are there to work out.
The gym is huge!!
Upon returning i was delighted to find the staff were much nicer and happy to welcome me to the gym!
I'm excited to see how this relationship continues with fitness connection!
So, if you are an older more serious student, these masters can train you on a higher level.
Soooo happy we finally have a gym in the nw!
The strength training i love... you will be sore!
There is some great core work we do, and with the cardio in class it's a full body workout.
You aren't just another number at the gym.
Great gym with a great team :)
I've been a black card member of planet fitness for years & absolutely love this place.
This is the worse location of any of the planet fitness chain.
If you are looking to be challenged but supported every step of the way, this is a great gym.
Coach chris cannon is dedicated to the gym, a healthy lifestyle & your desired results!
I joined in nov 2014 and have had success in not only weight loss, but also gaining strength!
I go to sicfit for group classes and also 1 hour personal training-this combination has given me the best success!
This gym is really like a family and i have gained so many friends through it as well!
I have been the guy who has always struggled to fight the roller-coaster of weight gain and weight loss.
In efforts to maintain the gain i would go to the gym and basically sleep walk through a work out.
I have tried the big mega gyms, little gyms, at-home p-90x like programs, fad diets, you name it.
Very nice and big location of the lvac gyms!
I've never been in a gym like this before.
I would describe it as a boutique gym.
Of course the cycle bikes, much like everything else in the gym was state of the art.
After class i toured the gym.
About the gym: the normal membership is 15, but you wont get the tanning beds and other privileges.
They have different weights, but the only problem is that they don't have weighted ab machines.
Nice gym super clean chris and staff are very friendly.
This is a fantastic crossfit gym!
The owners dan and travis have made great improvement including recently purchasing all new weights.
Gym is clean, and very easy parking..win win...absolutely love it here!
Cardio cinema is pretty cool.
They run personal training sales all the time!
Weight machines are pretty full, but you can always find a cardio machine.
The trainers are all really cool people and really knowledgeable.
That's also not really the gyms fault, as they have to abide by state ratios for safety reasons.
I have been to lifetime and anytime fitness before, but this is a nice happy medium for the right price.
I love my little gym.
Eos is an awesome gym with a variety of services.
Personal trainers, classes, childcare, great equipment, etc.
Gotta love a gym that gives back!
New gym smell, new machines, new weights.
Plenty of cardio machines.
I hope when it's busy it doesn't get to crazy compared to other gyms.
Classes are 60 minutes long, led by a certified trainer and encompass both cardio and strength training.
Plenty of cardio machines.
There are many other machines around that you don't have to interfere with my training.
This gym is the best!
The team of trainers are so knowledgeable, fun, warm, caring and encouraging.
No matter your fitness level they've got ideas.
Joined almost 2 years ago and love this gym.
I've been a member or bought a pass to numerous gyms across the country.
This is my home gym!
Wherever i go, whatever i do, i consider peaks my home gym.
The owners are serious about keeping their gym clean and up to date.
I currently have a lifestyle where i go to the gym at 10pm or later.
For me, the mini gym has been key!
As far as the main gym goes, it's a beautiful and scenic gym to work out in.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone living within a 30 minute vicinity.
I drive a little further and pay a little more to go to this gym and it is worth it.
If you want to get away from the chaos of the other "big" gyms, this is your place.
I really like this gym the most and its clean which i like.
In september of 2015 i started my weight loss journey on my own.
First walking and running on my own to later getting a membership to one of those big chain gyms.
I managed to loose 50lbs on my own, but i wasn't seeing any real fitness results other than fat loss.
I have been working out at kanoa strength gym since march of 2016.
The people who come to this gym are one of the best reasons to come here.
Also the gym got new equipment, and i like that there's also a separate "women workout" area.
There is cleaning solution almost everywhere around the gym; as well as hand sanitizers.
Child care girls are awesome very nice and friendly, as well as all the staff in this gym!
I love this boxing gym!
This is real world fight training.
The gym staff are very professional and helpful/encouraging in teaching the techniques.
I will continue to drive 20+ minutes just to get to this gym!
Awesome fitness facility atop the td centre.
I just wanted to use cardio and free weights and they have two spaces for both.
There's also a good sized weight area.
I belonged to this gym for a year when i lived out that way.
I never had a problem with the staff or gym itself.
I would personally rather go to a gym like this over big chain gyms such as la or golds.
This is the best gym in town!
The workouts here will push you further than you can push yourself in a gym.
There isn't any ego in this gym like you would expect from a boxing gym.
If you're looking to get into shape or just have a great time working out get to this gym!
I've been a member of this gym for about 2 years and i've decided it's time for a review.
This gym is very clean, provides a ton of amenities and has a good atmosphere.
Under the new management this year the gym has been much more pleasant.
Overall, this gym is way better than an lvac or 24 hr if you're willing to pay a bit more.
So, this is the gym i go to.
It's the closest 24 hour fitness to my house.
I like the fact that they made it an andre agassi gym.
Like all other lvac locations i've been to, it can get busy around the "typical" gym rush hours.
I also really like that this location has boxing classes and women's mma/fitness classes.
Also, this location has a women's gym!
The rest of the gym is very well equipped also.
Between the top and bottom floors with cardio and lifting equipment, you're sure to find what you want.
Also, there are tons of tv's surrounding the cardio areas and many machines have an individual tv on it.
I've visited other gyms but lvac is the best for its price in my opinion!
Love the group classes here, love the instructors, love the trainers.
This is the best gym i've ever been apart of.
I have yet to wake up as the rock, but i do often go to this gym.
And at this gym, things are clean and orderly.
This gym is my cocoon.
Do you think the average cocoon has ample treadmills but slightly limited free-weight space?
I took on the 6 week challenge to find a way  to set goals for better health and fitness.
Nothing wrong with the gym.
I came to jamie's 6am primal fitness class - woah!
We did body weight exercises, conditioning, cardio, and boxing.
Jamie was really sweet too - and an amazing trainer.
This gym is unlike any other in the area.
Not only do you have a trainer for each class, but they are also engaged with you throughout the class!
Not only do you get the help of a trainer, but you also get a meal plan!
So i have lost weight, gained muscle mass and learned how to eat properly!
At omalza, when i felt like giving up the trainers would encourage me to keep going..and you know what?
Met with sean this morning for my 1 hour free trainer session.
As for the gym itself, it's great.
Red rock is a large indoor climbing gym that is lacking in some areas, but overall is a positive experience.
First the good: the gym is big, with one large sport area with bouldering scattered throughout.
The problems i tried seemed creative and interesting, and also well-rated compared to other gyms i've climbed at.
The gym is dirty.
Overall, except for the tape problem, the gym is very good.
Fitness evolution has changed my idea of fitness forever.
Growing up as an athlete i thought i knew a lot about losing weight and lifting.
The trainers at fe have entirely dispelled my misconceptions about personal fitness and body composition training.
They gave me all the tools and knowledge necessary to help me lose weight and be at my personal best.
The staff and trainers have great attitudes and are super friendly.
I love this gym!
Everyone from the personal trainers to the administrative staff, are great!!
They are not pushy or full of themselves like other gyms i have experienced here in las vegas/green valley.
He was raving about this gym and how everyone he sends there gets tight, toned, and gets a booty.
Often times, i've tried training with people who settle for what you tell them are your limitations.
There are classes from boxing to bulgarian bag to conditioning to weight lifting.
I started taking classes and some personal training at delafit a couple of months ago.
I have loved every minute i have spent in this gym!
I have belonged to large gyms the last 2 winters.
I am happy to say that i have found my home gym in arizona!
Today was my first time visiting david barton gym and i was very impressed.
I love the atmosphere at this gym.
I use the weight room, elliptical, and take 3 different group classes which are included with the membership.
There is a lot to do here for any fitness level.
Good gym for an early morning workout
The best gym i've yet to join and i've lived in dallas, houston, chicago.....etc!
If you need a kick a** trainer, then kj is your guy!
This gym is not a show off kinda gym, it's a gym where professionals go to work out.
There is a great selection of weights and classes.
Need a great gym in a great neighborhood?
The classes are circuit training only at this facility.
They offer personal training sessions from well seasoned trainers.
Matter of fact i have landed one of the best trainers i have ever had.
It wasn't published early enough, so basically i went to the gym in a saturday when they were already closed.
The trainers have showed me that i can push myself harder than i thought!
I loved the fact they had some bumper plates and lifting platforms- a rarity among 'globo-gyms.'
The turf functional fitness areas and swimming pool (!)
I'm not a big indoor cardio guy, but if i were, there was plenty of that stuff too.
If i lived in the area i would highly consider making that my go-to gym.
Awesome fitness center that is always clean and never over crowded.
Knowledgeable trainers that enjoy helping you or pushing you to your limites.
Finally found a gym worth going to.
Great customer service, great gym, great prices, just a awesome place all around.
I cannot possibly say enough positive things about kanoa's gym!
Kanoa's gym is completely the opposite of that.
The gym itself is not frilly; it just speaks "fitness!"
And has everything you could ever need if indeed fitness is your goal.
I feel like i will accomplish my goals in far less time with the great staff at kanoa's strength gym.
Fitness was a dream i had almost given up on, but not anymore.
Nice gym that is extremely clean , well maintained equipment , and super friendly staff  !
I met with a trainer today!
La fitness is just as the name states.
None of the foo-foo stuff like planet fitness, or orange theory.
Great little gym cheap as can be matt the trainer is awesome highly recommend this place
This is my first gym membership ever!
I had visited many gyms and anytime was the only atmosphere i really enjoyed.
I'm a girl so i love my cardio!
Once a week i see jerid, the personal trainer at the gym and he is awesome.
Hands-down best gym i have ever gone to.
The group fitness options are plentiful and the instructors are engaged and motivating.
There's even 'cardio blasts' in between stations that give you that extra challenge.
He's more than a trainer, he's a gamechanger, and i cannot emphasize that enough!
Good gym for the price.
Trainers are all cool!
Knockout fitness surprise is so incredible!
I've been to boxing gyms in boston and two others in arizona and i love this gym!
Everyone is so helpful and makes the gym fun!!
Other than the original gym i signed up at (w. lake mead), this is my favorite of the 2.
Always kept clean and organized, and i appreciate the updated cardio and weight machines.
Like the other gym, this one never gets crowded.
I freakin love this gym!
I've worked out at gold's and 24 hour fitness and this is my favorite by far.
Secondly: this place is never too busy, there's plenty of weights, cardio machines, lifting machines, etc.
It's quiet, feels like a private gym, and the machines are generally clean and maintained well.
In my opinion you're never going to find a "perfect" gym, mainly because one can never define what perfection is.
However i have used their trainers and they got me to where i wanted to be and i appreciate that.
We'll definitely be canceling my membership at la fitness and coming here as my primary.
The gym and the staff are superb and helpful
For the past weeks i've been working with jim at uptown fitness connection.
This is the number  one gym in the valley.
Best gym owners that i have ever met in forty years.
Phenomenal cardio  and weight  training  equipment  .classes and tanning  is also avail.
By far the cleanest  gym around.
If you truly want a real gym with real people  and great prices.
Just do what the trainers say and you will see results.
Every class incorporates both cardio and strength training so you get a complete workout every time you show up.
And the trainers are always there to provide feedback on form to make sure you won't get hurt.
This gym really is for everyone.
I really like this gym.
It's qualifies you for the classes, trainer, tanning and  hyrdo-bed.
The gym, lockeroom/restroom/showers ect are clean.
I am 68 years old and have never been to a gym quite like this one.
Joe is my personal trainer, he's not just there, but he's with me the entire time i'm there.
I've been a member at this gym before it was extreme fitness.
Lucas truly invests the time and creativity to formulate a diet and fitness program that meets one's needs.
Each gym in town is unique and has its own vibe.
The class of climbers (regulars) this gym attracts is top notch.
Gym gets crowded on unlv nights.
I'm ok with a full gyms, it's only 2 nights a week when school is in session.
Overall though, great gym, great place for (supervised) kids / family time, great place to train.
This gym is absolutely amazing - great people, great equipment, great music and super clean!
I absolutely love training with angie - she is completely relatable, patient and attentive to her clients.
She has all the experience you need with a personal trainer and she's absolutely worth it!
What's with the constant talking trainers.
This gym is phenomenal.
Cardio is usually with brent, he is awesome and knowledgable.
I love this gym and have been coming for years.
This is an awesome community center with several ammenities including: classrooms, a gym/weightroom, indoor track, and dance/exercise room.
Great neighborhood gym with that local community feel to it.
It's nice to finally have a 'green gym' that is equipped with energy-saving and eco-friendly equipment.
I'm happy to see more gyms/business that are becoming more socially responsible and taking on these green initiatives.
The weights area is very clean and open.
Clean, friendly staff, top of the line equipment, experienced fitness instructors and helping save the environment!
It's a great all around workout that includes spin bikes, rowers, trx bands, and weight bags.
Great trainers and a solid workout.
At first i didn't like this gym because it was underground with no windows.
This is the gym for the average person.
I also appreciate the bright colors, cleanliness of the gym and restrooms, and the diversity.
This is the gym for everyone.
Honestly, this is the cleanest gym i have ever been in.
I'm a fan of their group fitness classes, especially relaxation yoga on thursday nights with john.
I recommend this gym!
I personally have improved my fitness level a great deal with the coaching/guidance of jay and kristen.
They're great trainers and very knowledgeable in their respected craft as well as great people.
Trainers are dedicated and available for hire.
I've been going to this facility for 3 years since it was 24 hour fitness.
His encouragement and style of training got me to realize that i was doing my work outs all wrong.
I signed up for training where i get 6 appointments a month and i haven't looked back.
The front end staff are kind, genuine, and help me find my trainer if i can't.
Their trainers are helpful, knowledgeable, and understand what motivates each person differently.
I absolutely suggest signing up for personal training with la fitness.
There is a good variety of classes that suit different interests (yoga, barre, metcon, weight training, pilates, spin, etc.).
Friendly and helpful staff (front desk, maintenance, trainers, membership managers, etc.).
Wi-fi is available through out the gym.
Most of the gym members are nice, friendly, but keep to themselves.
Overall, if you go to the gym regularly, you will not regret paying that higher than average membership fee.
I have joined many gyms in the past with hopes and plans of working out.
Sadly, it never happened...until i found eos fitness and baxter.
After our fitness assessment, my husband and i decided to sign up for personal training.
I tried personal training at another gym but it was a disaster.
The trainer had no concept of what i could do or what was too much.
They pushed too hard and too fast causing injury that turned me off to trusting a personal trainer.
That all changed at eos fitness with baxter.
Baxter helped me face my fear one day when we added a round of interval cardio on the bike.
I would highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a personal trainer.
Absolutely love this gym!
This is an authentic boxing club that trains champions.
I checked out several different gyms closer to my house, and pf won out time and time again.
I am very happy to be back and love everything about this gym!
Not just the towers but some free weight bench and squat.
Great gym, great owner, great place!
I thought i just go to the gym do a little workout its should be enough.
I went to the gym almost everyday and started to eat more healthier but nothing changed.
I have found total body fitness on the internet.
Constantly checking your weight your measurements when you coming and when your not.
Everyone in the gym is so nice.
I was a member at the city gym it will expire in november.
From november 2017 till july 2018 i haven't changed anything didn't loose any weight or felt better.
I was spending hours in the city gym trying to figure out what and how to do.
Long story short if you are serious about changing your life come and see us at total body fitness.
I definitely recommend this gym!
The prices are very reasonable, the gym is spacious, and the instruction is world class.
This gym is awesome!
All of the trainers are great and they really push you and keep you motivated to see results!
They really teach you all of the necessary tools that you need to succeed in bettering your health and fitness.
One of the best gyms i am lucky to be a part of.
The class is only an hour and is broken up into cardio and strength/weight training: the best of both worlds!
This gym offers a variety of different times, and even boxing classes!
24/7 access, great training, great staff, and great atmosphere!
I have been training here since february this year and it has made such a huge difference.
For the first time i look forward to my training.
This is a great gym, they have upgraded the cardio equipment and they keep it fairly clean.
They offer yoga, custom nutrition plans, personal training and meditation with fun, weekend events to spice things up.
Trainers are super helpful and motivating.
My son is been coming to one kicks gym for about four years now!
If yourself or your kids are looking to get into martial arts one kicks gym is the place to be!
The trainers are good at motivation and keeping me on track.
I would highly recommend this gym!
As a fairly discriminate gym hopper, i am surprisingly pleased with 24 hour fitness.
Definitely not your typical meat market gym.
Since they put in new stair climbers i love this gym.
The equipment is good, more of a bodybuilding gym so that's nice.
Otherwise i love going to this gym.
There's no other gym like iron asylum in north east ohio, period.
Unlike fitness clubs and shady gyms, there are no contracts.
Honestly, i can't pack into this review how awesome this gym is.
If you're already a strength athlete, you'll have found the holy grail of gyms here in cleveland.
I've worked and trained in as many gyms as anyone and this one is one of the best overall.
Anyone at any fitness level can do this!
By far one of the favorite gyms that i've gone to!
If you're looking for a gym that is affordable within your means, give club sar a shot!
I really like this gym.
From the cinema room to the free weights to the pool.
Let's be honest... its la fitness...
When you sign up, you are signing up for a packed gym (especially around peak hours like 5-7pm.)
I also like that i don't get hassled by the trainers who work there.
They use to kind of stalk you back in the day to get you to try personal training.
All in all i like this gym and that's why i have been going here for 4 years now.
They even have a cinema where u can do cardio whether it be.
We saw demos on the anti-gravity yoga, pole fitness, and gyrotonic, and that's just some of the classes they offer.
I took a beginning pole fitness class with jamilla deville as the instructor.
I am very pleased to be a member of this gym!
Always have great experiences at this gym.
Kyle is he best personal trainer out there.
Thank you kyle for being a great human personal trainer and for everything you do here.
I am no longer a member at this gym (or any gym).
I just don't like gyms.
However, i will say that this is an excellent gym.
John--fitness trainer, is absolutely amazing at what he does.
He's very knowledgeable in exercise and fitness.
I'm so lucky to have john as my trainer!
From the first class, i knew that this is not like a regular gym.
Just well maintained super clean open floor plan and serious trainers who take your goals seriously!
By far my favorite gym in the valley.
Clean, tons of classes, tons of cardio and weight machines.
Close and convenient gym.
It's got what i want as far as cardio, pool, hot tub and weights.
I've been training at everybitfit regularly over the last 7 months and i really enjoyed it.
If you're looking for a great personal training gym in scottsdale then this is the place to go.
If you want to lose weight, follow their intense program.
Fitness factory is a great, no fuss gym to break a sweat!
They have everything from treadmills, ellipticals, stairs, weights, squat rack, etc..
All in all, fitness factory is a great and affordable gym in the shadyside area.
What i mean is you can't necessarily drop your weights frequently to the point where it disurbs everyone else.
The gym has an overall humble and relaxed atmosphere that doesn't seem threatening like some of the larger gyms.
Gym is super convenient.
I've been to other gyms and so many of their machines are broken.
I know that when i use one of the smart gyms cardio machines i'll be able to enjoy my workout.
Almost every gym i've been to i've been bombarded by trainers and sales representatives to get me on other deals.
This is the one gym where i don't get that.
This gym isn't a place to find a date, it's professional.
An amazing place to train.
The facility is also very clean, which is important when you and training.
The work out is always challenging, the trainers are awesome and encouraging.
This is a great gym whether you live in las vegas, or are just visiting.
Especially if you're serious about fitness.
The class i took was a 5 am crossfit cardio taught by coach matt.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone looking to try cf in a comfortable environment with a good coach.
The power hour 360 owners and trainers have nailed it.
Half cardio and half circuit.
This is a real gym, not a place to sit on machines and take selfies!
Members here train hard and are all business.
If you are motivated to sculpt the best version of you possible, then eos is the gym for you.
See her if you want to know all this gym has to offer!
So, there's a studio with weights and two treadmills, in addition to a water cooler.
Basically, a combo of ballet/dance type of moves with a mat, some light weights, and a bar.
Definitely a total body workout with some cardio bursts inserted at times.
A pretty good class given the fact that i'm used to other cardio/weight lifting/bootcamp classes.
As an avid cardio/bootcamp/weight lifting junkie, i must say that this was an awesome workout.
The employees are nice and the trainers are personable and always willing to give advice about form or modifications.
You definitely won't feel like you're "just another member" at this gym.
The environment is much different than lvac and other big gyms.
My first time joining a gym and the staff i've met so far have been great.
He was very knowledgeable and explained everything i needed to know about my first experience joining a gym.
The gym is everything i want and a little more.
The gym is clean, has plenty of equipment, and parking is never a problem.
I started using elvira for weight loss with her nutritional training about 3 weeks ago.
I'm looking forward to her suggestions during my next few weeks of training for my triathlon!
The gym is clean and very spacious.
The trainers are great and i get an amazing workout every time i go.
I love this gym!
I've been weightlifting for over 20 years and seriously lifting for the past 5 years.
I'm on paleo diet, leangains intermittent fasting, and i do a hardgainer/reverse pyramid strength training program.
All free weights almost no machines.
No cardio other than low intensity steady state walking.
When i evaluate a gym, all i look at it is the weights.
The gym is very clean and i love how the weights are properly racked whether its 7am or 7pm.
I had a training session today with zach smith.
It's my gym and i can't complain.
Often we base our gym experiences on the db's that work out there.
Again it's a very clean gym.
Much better an option than planet fitness
The newest la fitness is located in bethel park right next to the market district.
If you don't want hidden fees, of course you don't sign with a personal trainer.
No gym is perfect im certain but it not a dump.
This has been my go-to gym since september and i've been quite pleased with it.
It's not uncommon for one of the trainers in the gym to offer some advice.
Next, the dumbbell weights are so disorganized.
Another nuisance is that the lockers are only available for overnight use with employees and people with trainers.
-try the gym (and other gyms you're interested in) before being in a rush and signing a membership instantly.
2 full court bball courts, treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and a ton of weight equipment - both free weights and machines.
The trainers have been excellent in helping me with proper form and the correct weights as i advance.
I came across nicks instagram page as i was searching for gyms.
A.c.e fitness is by far the best gym i have ever been to!!
This gym is no joke.
On the other hand if you are looking for a serious workout, i highly recommend maximum fitness!
There are weight machines and few other machines as well in there.
They have the hlc which is where they have all the cardio machines along with weight machines.
They have a large gymnasium also.
Great atmosphere, trainers, and really challenging workout!
Excited to have found this gym!
I cannot say enough good things about this gym.
It is the highlight of my day to spend an hour at this gym.
Last night we had a cheerleader as well as a trainer.
The training we receive from rashad is wonderful, we are seeing results we never thought we'd see in our bodies.
The personal training staff comes highly recommended by our family, they keep us motivated to get to our goals.
Love smart gym....its a great deal!
As far as la fitness clubs go, this one is my favorite.
Started my membership today and also signed up for personal training.
Yessica the fitness counselor was very helpful in starting up my membership and also very inviting.
After many trips to fitness4home in scottsdale i purchased the true m30.
Great location, clean and tidy gym.
My daughter loves going to gymnastics, so i am continuing her lessons.
The staff and trainers are extremely friendly.
The trainers care about everyone who works out there and you feel like part of the family.
Weights are situated on the second floor as well as most classes.
X shadyside has been a great gym for the past two years that i've lived in pittsburgh.
I bring my kids to open gym on wednesdays.
Have been going to this gym for 2 years.
The staff at the gym are super friendly and always make you feel welcome.
I moved here in july and immediately knew i wanted to get a good gym membership.
After taking advantage of all the free week trials, capital fitness was without a doubt the best gym in madison.
My job requires a lot of travel and capital fitness is always my favorite thing to come home to.
Lee is a phenomenal trainer!
Would recommend to anyone who wants a great workout with a great trainer!
Awesome small and personal training facility.
More about functional strength than lifting the heaviest weights or hitting the highest number of reps.
Jazzercise is a fun way to get in some great cardio and strength training.
We love the gym.
Not your ordinary gym!
I love raw fitness!
I just knew if i didn't stick with the gym then i'd go back to being fat and lazy.
The trainers are amazing!
Great gym with a more intimate setting without the intimidation of having 150 people crammed into a warehouse.
I've been to a lot of gyms and i must say yak's fitness is the best.
I live in atlanta but visit yak's fitness when i am in las vegas twice a month for work.
I definitely would recommend this gym to anyone.
I can do cardio, lift, or utilize their boxing area.
First off, i would like to start by saying this gym does not get the credit it totally deserves!
Every gym is like that during "peak hours"!
I also started personal training with thomas, and let me tell you, he is incredible!
I am so so blessed and happy to have made the decision in making him my personal trainer.
), one personal trainer, and even the general manager, kristina assisted me.
Short version~  this gym is the place to be!
So invest in your health at this gym!
There's no way i'd workout this hard at your average gym.
It's also why the vibe is completely different than your la fitnesses of the world.
Regardless, i'm there to train once a week, and the facilities have always been perfect for that.
So on a recent visit to vegas, she looked around for a gym and stumbled upon decibel crossfit.
This gym and group of individuals changed my life.
I visited this gym today, since i am in the process of hiring a personal trainer.
And my trainer that i hired goes to this place.
It's a smaller gym, but has a lot to offer.
Love this as my gym.
Never over crowded for a small gym.
The people are a good mix, a range from  your dedicated gym goers to your seniors.
It is great for all ages, all sizes, all fitness levels.
I need to mention that casey and his trainers (dj, michael, pat, evan, william, melanie, matt) are all wonderful people.
Best gym in vegas!
Otherwise the gym and staff are awesome!
Hands down the best gym in town.
This is the only place in town you can train with a two time olympian during their barbell sessions.
They have something for everyone...crossfit and one of the best weightlifting program in town.
The trainers are truly amazing!
If you're thinking about trying out the 6 week challenge and have the weight to lose,  do it!
There are people of all shapes, sizes, and fitness levels in the classes so don't worry about feeling embarrassed!
A pool, classes, steam room, cinema cardio and all kinds of machines!
I was a little nervous since it's been a few years since i've taken a group fitness class.
He is a valuable resource to the fitness center, and thus far i am happy with the experience.
A. c. e. fitness is not just a gym it's family!
All the trainers are outgoing and motivational.
This is a great gym, even if you are no longer a student at unlv.
I definitely suggest the unlv gym.
Unlike at most places i've worked out,  i'm not picky about who's teaching because every trainer is amazing.
I reguarly recommend this as a great gym.
In my opinion, best gym in las vegas.
Variety of equipment including cardio machines, weight training, trx workouts etc.
Friendly staff, great trainers, owners are always around and super awesome.
Can tell the staff really cares about your fitness goals.
All in all very high end gym with quality staff and clientele.
If you're interested in personal training ask for chris or "prodigy performance az" he will get you results!
But after a week of training here, i can hands down tell the difference between the two.
Gym and machine are plenty,  never have to wait.
They've done some much-needed maintenance, and now are working on majorly expanding the bouldering areas of the gym.
Overall the gym is well kept and clean.
My favorites are 6am yoga (body flow), weight lifting (body pump)  dance class (body jam) and spin!
If you are a heavy lifter this gym pass this up.
This is as close to one-on-one personal training as you can get.
Lastly, from the trainers to the other members, everyone is great.
The new unlv gym is 100x better then the old gym.
Personally, i like going here better then my local 24-hour fitness.
Just be careful of the personal training.
This is by far the best gym i've found since moving to az 5 years ago.
The gym itself is large, has tons of equipment, lots of natural light, and is always clean.
Fit society az offers more community events and specialty classes such as mobility and strength than other gyms i tried.
Overall an excellent gym that is moderately busy.
Urban active, with its shady billing practices and low-low prices mean the gym is always packed and classes inaccessible.
Jose has been my personal trainer for the last year and he is nothing less than amazing!
Not only is he knowledgeable but genuinely cares to help you meet your fitness goals.
Best personal trainer at la fitness hands down!!!
Groups fitness keeps me motivated.
Just had the best "gym membership" experience tonight with jack.
The gym itself is very clean and has all new equipment.
Excellent gym.. highly recommended.
Knowledgeable trainers and amazing workouts.
Love the cinema cardio studio too - so cool.
So far, the best gym i've ever been to.
It's an upscale fitness center + spa belonging to the hilton!!
Fitness or youfit (i've tried those :/).
I love this gym.
Solon planet fitness doesnt have a page on here that i can locate.
Awesome workouts with great trainers!!
I am visiting from out of town and this gym is so beautiful.
It's clean and people actually put back there weights.
We work out very early and since the la fitness opens earlier we had to join there.
I really like this gym because it's so cheap and friendly and homey.
But with limited really good equipment and weights, we kept running into issues with other members.
Great gym, great price....wish things could have turned out better.
Quality quality quality good people good trainers i just wish they bring back the rain each class loved it
Awesome coaches and very friendly training partners!
After trying multiple gyms across the valley i'm finally calling fight ready home!
The place isn't overwhelming like some gyms, but that also means it's not huge.
This gym always seems to try to be improving its machines and weights, which is nice.
With my groupon, i got a couple free sessions with a personal trainer and i was wary.
Personal trainers at gyms will push you, hard, for your business.
I have countless great things from my experience when this gym was a crossfit gym.
One is 'strength', being weight training.
The other is 'conditioning', which is comparable to bootcamp styled high intensity interval training (hiit).
The fitness factory is a meat head's paradise.
Like i said, this gym is no frills and is grungy.
I actually really like this gym, but am aware of some major drawbacks.
Short story, great gym, great group, good equipment and efficient work out.
There was no contact needed before going to the gym, their website encourages you to just show up.
If i lived in the area i would definitely frequent this gym.
I'm really happy to have found this gym.
I can do cardio and high impact exercises again with no issues.
I feel stronger and can lift and squat weight that i never thought i would be able to.
All the trainers are excellent.
I've been to a few la fitnesses in california and texas and this one is by far the best one.
The gym is always very clean, rarely crowded and has excellent equipment.
The owners are serious about fitness and lifting, and that's evident in the equipment they've chosen and how it's maintained.
Overall a fantastic gym.
This is a fabulous gym.
The staff is so kind and despite its popularity, the gym is not overcrowded.
When i moved here i researched fitness centers in town and am so happy with my choice.
Small, friendly atmosphere but if you are serious about strength training don't let the small size scare you away!!
They have dumbbells up to 150 lbs and everything you need to train hard!!
Currently down 4 pounds in the first 2 weeks of the weight loss challange.
I actually know how to work out now and can use the skills in the gym on my own.
If you need a helping hand to get into shape or add to your fitness routine this is it.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone.
X shadyside is the best gym around pittsburgh!
The cardio floor is wonderful with a ton of machines and great lighting!!
Weight room is just right and it's never too busy to get your workout in.
I would highly recommend this gym to everyone!
I have just completed another amazing workout at the best gym in town !
Great fitness , endurance and strength training program .
First time going to ace fitness and i absolutely loved it!
I absolutely loved my trainer bobbii was absolutely amazing!!
Kendall is an excellent trainer who pushes you to do your best.
All of the trainers at ph360 are top notch.
I encourage anyone that wants to get the most out of their time spent at the gym to join.
I can't say enough about how impressed i am with the program and the trainers.
Some hotels charge an extra fee to use the hotel gym/fitness center but not aria.
Just need to show your room key to use the fitness center.
Nick is an excellent trainer...he made me feel comfortable with my first, free trial training class.
We mainly just wanted to use the gym but $30 to use a gym for one day is stupid.
I liked the gym.
It had lots of modern cardio equipment.
There was a fair amount of free weights, machines and fitness equipment.
A climbing gym of a different breed.
This is mainly a bouldering gym: lower walls, no ropes, thick mats, and generally harder routes.
The bouldering here is better than at any other climbing gym in toronto.
While all are climbing gyms, it's tough to compare boulderz to the others.
Yes, there are other gyms in the city (goodlife, world health, etc.
), and tend to push trainer programs onto the consuming public as a means to generate revenues.
I'm usually not this enthusiastic about workouts or fitness studios, but barreworks is an exception.
Actually, the entire fitness studio is very clean since they ask you take off your shoes at the reception.
Have been a member of other gyms and find the pf stow location the cleanest gym i've ever been to.
Cardio equipment is always in working order and free weights are neatly organized.
Wish there were additional fitness equipment available for variety- bosu, med balls, physio balls, etc.
The trainers are very good at motivating and challenging you.
The only downside to this gym is that it doesn't open until past noon on sundays :(
This gym is definately one i'd recommend whether you're a unlv student or not.
The floors are all different gyms.
Second floor is weights and first floor is cardio/ hockey.
Well worth the value if you live by the gym.
I see no downsides to this gym
Plenty of treadmills, bicycles, and even a movie cinema place to watch a movie while doing cardio.
The one gripe that i do have is in regards to the free weight area.
Aesthetic gripes aside, this is a good gym to go to.
I've been a member of many gyms, and this one is by far my favorite.
I didn't like la fitness or anytime fitness when i toured their facilities.
I gave this gym a chance as a very last resort and i'm so glad i did.
I really feel spoiled by this gym.
Great gym, awesome coaches, friendly members and nice equipment!
When i began looking for crossfit boxes to train, i ran across ~15 different locations in the area.
So much positivity and energy in this gym!
In fact, i love that my fellow gym-goers are polite and say hi each visit.
I have trained with brian, and taken classes with erin, kimmi, and kourtney.
One of the only (if not the only) real gyms in phoenix.
This is where the champs train, and appreciate the like minded.
Metroflex is a weight room of mirrors and iron.
If you're serious, this gym membership is a staple.
Q the new director of personal training (not sure of his official title) is wonderful.
I have been to other la fitness' since the take over and they sure are fancy!
I use the fancy la fitness for spin class, but drive here to use the weights.
The only change i dislike is that they turned the stretching/free weight area into a personal training only zone.
They find the right balance between music, fitness, and message.
Use the gym/machines like a gentleman.
Classic banter; classic bloomfield, "selling health and fitness instead of booze, drugs, and gamblin."
A cultural fitness experience.
The staff is friendly and most of the other gym goers are courteous.
Speaking of the big corporate gyms, this place seems like that.
This gym has been so fabulous for the past 1 (and a little more) years!
I decided on a three month contract and requested a personal trainer.
Currently my go-to gym!
The gym downstairs is huge and beautiful.
I did not get to try it, but it's one of the largest gyms i've seen at a hotel.
You check in on the same floor as the gym, and receive your itinerary.
I am not new to fitness facilities, but i am new to a "crossfit" facility.
There are several formats of fitness offered here besides crossfit.
I drive about 15 miles just to come to the gym.
The owners/trainers are outstanding people and it really does have a friendly/welcoming community feel.
The trainers are attentive to your needs and provide personalized moderation's to accommodate any injury one may have.
Every person fits better with different gyms, but this is a perfect for for me!
I've used la fitness, private martial arts gyms, done home fitness, etc.
I have to say, smart gym is the way to go!
Plenty of cardio, machines, weights and trx and classes.
Staff is friendly and helpful and my trainer was very knowledgeable.
Large weight rooms;  3-lane pool; hot tub; sauna; huge bike room; hand ball courts.
Exercise warehouse is a great gym that is full of people who are serious about fitness.
I highly recommend this gym!
Always a thoughtful circuit training to get you in shape from head to toe in a fun environment.
Gym is not so big but we like how it's never crowded even in the busiest days.
In the ra fitness is an amazing group fitness studio!
With a combination of dance, indoor cycling and positive energy in the ra fitness is the place to be.
It's very clean and i love having a trainer that motivates me.
Mel the owner is also a trainer and takes pride in his clients physique.
He will even give you a meal plan with the price he charges for training.
I love this gym and the personal touch and feel i get while going there.
It's primarily trainer based and he also does group classes or boot camps as well.
A win win for anyone looking for a great gym with just as good of a trainer.
I have been going to unlv for 4 years now and have never had an issue with this gym.
I really enjoy going to this gym.
John fournier is an incredible personal trainer.
I went into eos just looking for a gym membership to get back in shape.
More importantly john is a fun, easy to get a long with trainer and i consider him my friend.
Finally i found my gym.
No meatheads like at other bug gyms.
Like the commercials state, planet fitness is a judgement free zone that totally gets the job done.
The gym itself is very basic, but still has enough equipment to work on your fitness fully.
They maintain everything very well and even use the same equipment company as la fitness (life fitness).
As far as free weights, pf does lack.
However, this isn't a gym for meatheads.
Free weights only go up to 60 pounds and there are only a few benches.
You don't see the typical gym lunks that laf is known for.
The idea is to grow and improve in all areas of fitness, such as cardio, strength and mobility.
The monthly cost is at least twice of what you'd pay at most other gyms.
Moreover, there's virtually limitless free weights (bar bells, dumbbells, etc...).
Virtually every other gym has issues waiting for the squat rack, bench press, etc...  and you can't drop weights.
There may be more intensity than other gyms, but it's not in the negative sense.
I've lost a few pounds, and have already started to see measurable results in strength and fitness.
I love this gym...
This gym is awesome.
The current management staff, sales staff, and training staff are all wonderful!
This is the most amazing crossfit gym!
Iv joined so many gyms (like everyone else) and i'd go for a month straight and quit.
It's really is an amazing gym!!!
I greatly enjoy attending each trainers' class and getting a different workout everyday.
Overall it's a pretty good gym.
For the regular semester, 3.5 credits will grant you access to the gym.
And man, what a gym!
Be sure to check out the rebel x group fitness classes, too!
The gym features 4 floors: cardio room, weights, basketball courts, indoor jogging track.
The trainers are knowledgeable and the best part is they keep my goals in mind and help me achieve them.
I have 2 sons that have attended north valley gymnastics seasonally when we have time for them to go.
They both started with kinder gym with susan and then they progressed to be with tony.
There's a full circuit of weight machines and a good-sized free weights area too.
I have been going to this gym for about a month now.
I primarily partake in the jeet kune do training as i have always wanted to learn this system of fighting.
The fitness classes are top notch and included in a monthly membership.
Nicest crossfit gym i've been to.
Unlike other gyms, fight ready workouts have lots of interaction with coaches and partners.
So this is my gym.
Oh and lotsa bikes and stairclimbers and weights... just don't go after work between jan 1 and mar 1.
This is possibly the most attractive gym crowd i've ever been around.
I also happen to think the tunes they play at the gym are pretty decent.
Chris and shelly also both offer personal training.
Machines were well kept - some new stuff i don't have in my gym in the states.
This gym gets 5 stars because of my trainer!
By going above and beyond a "typical" trainer's responsibilities, deon keeps me accountable for my overall goals.
He has truly changed my life and outlook on health & fitness.
Excellent personal trainers, fitness and cycling instructors.
I've never enjoyed going to a gym until i started going here.
They offer awesome butt-kicker workout classes several times per day and all of the trainers i have experienced are excellent.
Then there are the trainers....i've only done classes with jordan and kristen so far and they are so motivating--ah-mazing !!!
Not ready for those 10 pound weights yet  but i'll get there
I love going to boot camp with jennifer as my trainer.
I went to this gym this summer while i was in toronto for work.
Ph360 is simply an amazing place to achieve your fitness goals.
I have worked out my entire life and have participated in many fitness programs to include crossfit.
All aspects of fitness are covered to include cardio, weight lifting, balance, flexibility, and power.
The  owners reiner and carrie are wonderful people as well as the rest of the trainers.
The great thing about their gym is that it accommodates all fitness levels from beginners to those in outstanding shape.
It is an absolute bargain compared  to what you would pay for a personal trainer at a typical global gym.
But this gym is old school.
Even though it wasn't the most to date gym, that gave it some advantages as well.
I was skeptical about crossfit in general at first but i really think it is all about the training.
The gym isn't very intimidating (ie.
The moon valley studio had really gud trainers before.
But since the studio owner changed some months back, the gud trainers do not stay for long at this studio.
They should schedule gud trainers frequently.
Awesome crossfit and training gym, one of the best in town from every crossfitter i've talked to.
Great combination of strength training and daily wods.
I am not a gym person-too many distractions .
I like the atmosphere at achieve and the trainers are very good.
Highly recommend achieve fitness studio.
I take advantage of all kinds of activities they offer from personal training, to group classes, massages, etc.
Fitness factory is a really good gym if you like to lift weights.
It is a little pricier than some other gyms- but it seems much less crowded.
Mikal is as cool as they come and  the other trainers are right in line.
I recommend anyone who is looking for a gym to definitely give this place a visit, you wont be disappointed.
His style of working is very unique with a mix of strength training, cardio and high interval training.
It's an awesome gym.
You may find the beautiful people at this gym, but they are working out too and not just looking pretty.
These are the reasons i keep going back and advocate the talisman centre over any other gym.
I joined capital fitness for two reasons:  1. it is right downtown and easy to walk to,  2.
They have personal tvs attached to many of the cardio machines, making working out fly by.
Additionally, you can pay month-to-month, which was unique to cap fitness when i researched a few places in january 2009.
Clean, bright gym that seems to focus on trainers and their clients, or at least serious folk.
I wish the gym was 24/7 though.
We need to feel weightless for just one heavenly hour a week.
The pool at high park village fitness is rented by baby & me fitness for their weekly "aqua-bellies" aquafit class.
Each class is complete with cardio and strength training, but it is done in a non competitive, fun, social way.
X shadyside is the gym you should consider if you live in shadyside area like me.
If you're a fitness beginner or an athlete ... or somewhere in between...
Great affordable gym with daycare.
Has pretty much everything you need to train without all the excess that usually costs you more in membership fees.
Also love that i see other women in the weights area which is not typical with most other gyms.
Personal trainers are fantastic (extra cost.)
Cardio and resistance machines, free weights, cardio movie theater, indoor track, pool and more.
Classes aren't over crowded and they sell post shakes which i need to achieve my fitness goals.
So came in talked a lot with jade (perfect), he set me up with trainer travis (excellent).
This is really a pretty great gym.
My sister and i went to fight ready for the free class and we chose cardio kickboxing.
Update years later and still going to this gym (but still not a member, i am a cheapskate lol).
The trainers are absolutely amazing!
I have started fasted cardio with ahmere and oh my..
I love ace fitness.
I feel and look good, thanks to a.c.e fitness
Visited this gym from out of town and loved it.
Great price, friendly staff and a clean gym with working equipment.
Life time athletic is as upscale and luxurious as a gym can get.
It encompasses all of the things you would want in a gym and so much more!!
My reason for saying that is joe, one of their personal trainers.
Joe's passion for fitness and his clients is inspiring.
You can get individual personal training classes or take group fitness classes with joe.
There is a massive cardio area with very new equipment as of recently.
Started at planet fitness three years ago.
I was super overweight at 230 pounds and felt helpless until i started eating right and exercising.
I work out at planet fitness every day of my life!
Great for yogi's, crossfitters, cardio junkies, and everyone in between.
I started training with britni here about a month ago and it has literally changed my life.
If you're looking for a friendly and clean gym this is definitely the spot!
I also appreciate the trainers listening to the areas i need help in.
I've been a member of the gym for a few months now.
I also attend the group fitness classes 3-5 times a week and love them.
Definitely check them out, its one of the better gyms in the area!
I'm not a fan of the big gyms and preferred to work out at home until i walked in here.
I love that the equipment is brought in from canada and not your typical lifetime fitness equipment.
I came into the gym not knowing anything about my body .
Drew h. explained about calories and burning fat and now i'm on the right track to loose the weight .
Goodlife liberty village is a fairly good gym.
Equipment is in good condition, the locker rooms are kept reasonably clean, wait time for machines/weights is not too bad.
Most people at the gym tend to be polite (letting you work in on machines).
Such a great gym!
Hands down the best crossfit gym in town.
They walk you through everything and take the intimidation out of the gym.
I meet with a trainer, jose, a couple times a week to mix up my workouts and he is great.
They create the workout to match your fitness level while still challenging you to get stronger and more fit.
This gym is awesome and has a great open space layout.
I'd recommend this gym to everyone!
Latest and greatest new gym in york region.
Call anthony from member services 289-290-6613  tell them max power sent you  4-midnight gym hours 6-10 cafe hours ??
Spa hours  cleanest gym friendliest gym 1 stop shop  i'll let anthony give you a tour and see for yourself.
Price 10% more than your current gym, but double the value...
This place wins the award for most wasted use of space in a gym.
Get rid of that court and put more gym equipment in that space.
There's an l-shaped turf area in the middle of the gym.
The long part of the l is only like 10 yards long and the "trainers" have noobies doing sprints.
That's what happens when your "trainers" get their certifications from shady online "personal trainer schools".
When there's not a trainer there, people just use that area to cut through to the cardio equipment.
Get rid of that long part of the l-shaped turf and put more gym equipment in that space.
Which leads me to my biggest gripe about this gym:  there's just not enough equipment.
This place could could use a dedicated women's gym for the chicks.
All the other eos gyms have them.
The layout of this gym is....weird.
No there's not a section of gym dedicated to mma.
I also feel like it is the perfect balance between the cardio and other exercises.
Sometimes you use weight, exercise balls, medicine balls, and they even have boxing on wednesday's!
They also do training for hikes up mount charleston that you can do with a group from gym.
Thank you to mycal and everyone at crossfit phx for a great wod and overall fun morning of fitness!
Marcus is the most experienced trainer i've met with a phenomenal understanding of total body fitness.
They have everything in the way of physical fitness equipment that any one would ever want.
I've been going to this gym off and on for a few years.
I have a personal trainer now so i'm there at least three times a week if not more.
My two favorite people are diona (my trainer) and tim.
She has helped me lose weight that i have been struggling to lose.
Tim trained me once when diona wasn't available and he was also amazing.
For someone who has only trained me once, he is still just as friendly and remembers my name.
This is a great gym with great people.
What can you say about ballet fusion fitness?
After having a conversation with zach, it was easy to see how passionate he is for health and fitness.
I highly recommend anyone looking for a personal trainer to go in for just one consultation.
Are you a nomadic gym traveler, rotating from gym to gym to gym, in search of things unseen?
Are you into functional fitness?
Do you work an odd las vegas hour job, and can't be confined to 10pm closing time of regular gyms?
Do you like to work out in an almost empty almost all the time gym?
Only down side to this gym is it is really packed in the evenings!!!!
My conditioning improved and i learned various gymnastic exercises.
I have met some great friends at the gym and enjoy the training atmosphere.
Ken is educated and experienced and can help anybody with their fitness goals.
This is a real gym!
So let's have a run down of the gym.
From my understanding when you just purchase the fitness membership you can use everything except doing classes.
On the opposite side of the gym you have every piece of equipment you could want.
Another hidden gem unearthed, be sure to visit tocasierra spa and fitness for an excellent therapeutic massage.
I am surprised by a few of the negative reviews regarding the fitness class offerings.
Tom, jonathon, gabriel and justin (and others  too) are what gives this gym character and exemplify high-level customer service.
Oh, and what about the rest of the gym?
The free weights area is just what i need.
I also take advantage of their clean, efficient weight machines.
Their cardio options get the job done as well.
Treadmills, rowing machines, stationary bikes, elliptical machines and more can be found here at the best-valued gym in town.
Reasonable prices, state of the art equipment, and the gym is never too crowded.
Looking for a gym.. look here first.
Great people and great trainers...worth every penny and i know i am worth it!
I just discovered this gym over the weekend and i've already joined!
This is the first time in over 15 years i've joined a gym.
The boxing classes are the best cardio and strength training workouts i have ever experienced.
The gym is a very friendly and inviting place for people of all fitness levels.
This guy is a dedicated, motivating, kick my ass trainer..
Maximum is your old school, not frills get you s*** done type of gym!
I'll preface this review by saying i have been a loyal member of la fitness for the past 4 years.
I was amazed at the size of this gym and wide array of cardio and weight machines.
The indoor track that ran around the second floor was pretty interesting to find in a gym as well.
Skipp and keysha are awesome people and amazing trainers which you can see reflected in all the gym members.
You simply cannot go wrong with this gym.
Cheaper than most gym memberships- with personal attention.
This is a great gym owned & operated by two super people - bill & barb.
Fantastic variety of cardio machinery.
This gym is awesome.
This is a great no fuss gym.
I would suggest to add yak's fitness to your consideration.
Overall a great training environment.
Finally found a gym that not only has amazing classes but a gym i can go to at anytime.
After going  to several gyms i finally found a gym that actually motivates me.
Xgtfitness classes can be for anyone as they have options for all workouts if you have an injury..
So i sought out a gym that would be close to home (yep, laziness speaking).
Most of the time, i only see other trainers working with their clients.
I'm currently training with mel, who's also the owner of the gym.
When my sister came to town, he graciously allowed her to train with me for only $10.
Their training prices seem very reasonable, especially if you prepay for the 36 session package.
I have been going to the madden endurance gym since early 2014 and in 3 months i lost 15 pounds.
My wife had another personal trainer and she stalled out on her weight loss progress.
She has been with tony for about 8 months are she is 5 pounds from her goal weight!
Tony is a caring, passionate trainer who wont let you give up on yourself.
The trainers reiner, kerry, and lindsie are so helpful and encouraging.
Best gym in vegas!
Huge facility with awesome trainers.
Lots of private trainers bring their clients to bodysport too.
The revolution circuit training classes are my favorite.
I highly recommend training, taking a class or just coming here to get your workout on.
S.p.o.t fitness is the place you want to be!
He evaluates your fitness level and puts together an a1 fitness plan to help you achieve your goals.
I highly recommend s.p.o.t fitness and terry wright.
This is a great little hidden gym at north phoenix baptist church.
I'm not someone who naturally craves the gym, but this place and these people are different.
Never have to worried that there too many people in the gym.
Everything you need to get back in shape or maintain your fitness .
I have no idea what everyone is talking about with this gym and contracts and being lied to?
=)  probably not that dedicated to fitness.
The $20 a month membership doesn't include anything except the gym itself.
Yes they gym has diversity in its cliental that frequent the place.
The staff has all been nice, and my free training session i was given went really well too.
Jeff the trainer taught me some cool lifts/moves that i am still using.
I also belong to la fitness and i think gold's  gym is way nicer.
I pay $25 a month at la fitness but i can't ever bring friends for free and no movie room.
For non hotel guests its $40.00 but includes gym and it's good for all day.
I've been going to this gym since october 2017.
I haven't attended any of the classes, courts or pool, mostly just machines, weights and treadmill/stairs.
Overall, i'd recommend this gym.
I have no dance training and started taking ballet classes 2 years ago.
I highly recommend ballet fusion fitness!!
The weight room is never too full so you can complete any workout for the day.
She usually dreads going to kids clubs at gyms, she asks to go to this one almost daily.
I have had memberships at other gyms but ended up back at la fitness.
This was a great gym and i am sad to see that it is now closed.
Great people willing to help you achieve your fitness goals.
Great place to work out, and the trainers are caring and helpful.
Great value for a really good gym.
When i started i had no crossfit or weightlifting experience.
I love this gym and i recommend it to everyone i know!
I love working out at field fit it's unlike any other gym.
They really keep this gym clean!
I've been a member of smart gym thunderbird since it opened a couple of years ago.
Overall pretty good gym, newer pretty clean equipment.
The staff is friendly except for the gym manager.
Update...new gym manager so it's much better as of jan. 2016!
I met with q for a free personal training session i won in a raffle, and it was eye-opening.
Now, thats not necessarily a bad thing because who wants to go to crowded gym anyway?
Both the owners of the gym were posted at the front desk and both said hello to me.
I really like it that they owners get to know the people who go to their gym.
This is probably the first gym where the smell of perspiration and crotch combined didn't greet me at the door.
Smart gym offers a very clean, updated, comprehensive gym of equipment and awesome classes.
I currently have a son who is enrolled in the boys program at north valley gymnastices.
The trainers are generally courteous and knowledgeable and the place is usually busy at the height of the day.
Highly recommended as well for fitness/fun.
All age groups go, but the gym definitely has a youthful vibe.
I have been taking the cardio kickboxing classes since october 2008 and love them.
There are spin classes, boxing, mixed martial arts, cardio boxing, cardio kickboxing, yoga, weight training and rowing classes.
Here is the schedule: http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/assets/documents/sports/sportsfitness.pdf  i recently tried one of the yoga classes.
If you want a class that will kick your butt, i dare you to take the cardio kickboxing class.
I've taken cardio kickboxing at la fitness.....and there is really no comparison.
A great gym for the price.
Anytime fitness is a great gym!
Unlike like other gyms however they do not have group classes.
With that said however, i have no major complaints with anytime fitness.
The gym is generally empty which means that there is no waiting for other members to get off the equipment.
All in all i would recommend anytime fitness!
Pretty decent gym esp for $9.99 at month.
That is what sets this gym apart from other.
Huge cardio area with lateral leg machines, stair steppers, ellipticals and treadmills.
They also have a room soley dedicated to loud music and cinema cardio.
That is one of the main reasons why people with kids have a hard time loosing the weight.
I've been working out at yak's fitness for more than a year now, this place is awesome!
They had fun, unique classes that accommodated all different fitness levels.
I've been training with jake for close to 5 years.
Training at a.c.e fitness gym is truly an amazing experience.
The trainers are so knowledgeable and the techniques they use are extremely effective.
Nothing compares to training with true experts!
This gym is just phenomenal!
The gym is 24/7, clean and well maintained.
They can help you with boot camp style workouts, olympic lifting, body weight work, personal training and more.
Membership also allows you to participate in any group fitness classes!
Group fitness classes a membership to the flc grants you access to group fitness classes.
Classes are offered at a variety of fitness levels and are spaced conveniently throughout the morning and evening.
Silversneakers fitness program  silversneakers is the nation's leading exercise program designed exclusively for older adults.
Still loving it losing weight gaining muscle good place to work out they are making changes 45min rage class's.
The gym was spacious and had plenty of good equipment.
I love working out at og fitness.
I've never loved going to the gym until i started here!
The gym is always clean and organized.
The only negative points are 1) you have to pay for partying 2) its not a 24hr gym.
So glad that i left lvac long waiting time for weights and dealing with heavy egos!
Edge fitness is super gym they have my business and loyalty!
Shannon sorrels and i sat down and discussed what my goals are in regard to throwing and weight loss.
Seeing my starting weight was horrifying, and thankfully the last time i'd ever have to see it.
But physix uses a wonderful nutrition and weight loss support company called dotfit (check it out - www.dotfit.com).
Weight gain was never a serious problem for me as an athlete.
Eating more won't activate weight loss.
I can't rely on the intense daily workouts from coach hanrahan to completely take the excess weight off.
Almost to that "19 year-old-meagan weight" and feeling daaaammmnnnnnnn good about it!
She genuinely wants to see her clients succeed, a rare quality in personal trainers these days.
Kristina and sarah are wonderful my trainer albert is extremely motivating and my parents love him too!
Gym is clean and the people are friendly.
Adrian is our trainer and he likes to push us.
Thx adrian and the whole training staff.
I love this gym!
I won't go anywhere else after joining this gym!
Best gym ever to get serious results.
If you wanna lose weight or train with the pros this is the place to go!
Great classes at smart gym and never crowded when you want to workout.
Great gym cool instructors and has a great schedule for whatever time is convenient for you.
All the coaches bring a different dynamic to the training of their athletes.
The staff is really helpful at the front desk and gym store!
This class is rigorous but not in the faddy, fitness yoga way...
Best mma gym in az hands down, all the instructors great and are super knowledgeable.
There are many other gyms around my location but i make the extra drive to go to fight ready.
If you want to compete or just get in shape, this is the gym to go to.
Clean, well maintained gym with most of the free weights and equipment most people will need.
This is definitely one of the best gyms i have ever joined.
Tons of equipment, free weights and dumbbells, plenty of machines, benches, and squat racks.
Everybody is friendly and nice and the trainers know their stuff too.
You can still use the machine and weights you want during peak hours.
We have been training with adrian for the past couple of months.
Me and my husband love how knowledgeable he is with the equipment and training .
If you are looking for a trainer that actually cares about you and your goals,adrian is the trainer for you.
Yak's gym was great!
The equipment is top notch and the gym is spotless.
Planet fitness is the perfect choice of a gym to make that happen.
There are free weights, bikes, treadmills, and all kinds of equipment to use.
They have a trainer who will help you customize a work out just for you.
Eos fitness is great place to workout.
The staff and trainers are very kind and friendly.
Trainers brandon and mark have been awesome trainers.
Before that i've tried many big box gyms like la fitness and ballys.
This place is definitely different than those other gyms.
The personal training is also very affordable.
The not so great stuff: if you have kids, you're probably going to think this gym is awesome.
I went to this gym for a couple of years and it was great.
It's not perfect, but as gyms go, it is one of the best i've dealt with.
The gym is ok, nothing great but sufficient.
I also use the gym at rhodes ranch but use eos when i have the kids in tow.
This is my new gym and i absolutely love it already.
I know this gym will give me my results quick because i actually like going there.
Have been in and out of this gym for years, mainly to use the boxing equipment.
Staff is friendly, great trainers like hans hammer.
Max is the perfect mix between a neighborhood gym and a place where people are serious about fitness.
I was one of those people who would actually get depressed when i went to a gym.
Es is a really great gym with great people and staff.
After working out at the big gyms, pfp was a welcome change.
Worked out with the trainer "q" tonight.
He had great information and gave me a lot of ideas to achieve my fitness goals.
Thanks for the great introduction to la fitness q!
This gym changed my life.
It's also not a gym where you need to be wearing the latest fashion gear.
It's a gym full of great people.
It doesn't have the luxurious feel of some pricier gyms i've belonged to (including the jcc in squirrel hill).
Love the vibe of his gym.
The staff is amazing, super friendly and helpful and the whole vibe of the gym is great.
I've been training with jake coyle fitness for two years, going on three now, and i love it.
I highly recommend jake coyle fitness!
Having a trainer who neither solicits nor listens to your feedback?
Let me state it loud and clear - pfp is not that kind of gym!
The trainers are professional, well-educated, and genuinely interested in your fitness goals and your progress in meeting them.
The weighted sled that i struggled to pull across the gym?
Trust me, when i say this gym is for everyone from top level athlete to the weekend warrior.
With the trainers here, chayet & ian for example, i trained faster & harder, learning more than i ever expected!
The trainers here are awesome, big on proper form; lift right and don't get hurt.
This is an excellent gym, especially if you're looking for personal training.
Staff is very friendly, and i was a personal training client of nina's - she is phenomenal to work with!!
All-in-all, i highly recommend this place if you're looking for a gym/personal training!
I have tried other small gyms, and a few big gyms.
The best anytime fitness, they have the most variety for all your workout needs.
For locals, i understand you can also get a fitness club membership.
The equipment is new and there are plenty of cardio machine options.
There are many different classes and training options available.
Middle section is centered around crossfit and you can use anytime unless there is a small group training.
And one of my favorite parts is the cardio cinema.
This gym seriously has something for everyone.
They just doubled their square footage, installed a sweet new rig and have great people in the gym.
A quick shoutout to trainer, ken - thank you for customizing my last workout, i really appreciate that.
Absolutely love this facility and the amazing trainer laura.
Her knowledge and passion for training is the best i've ever experienced.
Great gym, awesome workouts and amazing trainers!
Love the personalized group training experience that power hour offers!
I came across smart gym while looking for a protein shake, and received a tour of the facility from george.
I really love this gym!
It's clean and comfortable with a good range of equipment for a smaller gym.
People, if you're on the fence about hiring a trainer, at least just go talk to zach.
Cleanest gym i've ever seen.
Pretty neat as far as gyms go.
Big and has a juice bar by the cardio equipment.
You saw personal trainers all over.
This gym is great.
The gym space is huge, over 2 floors and always clean.
Weight area has a great range of equipment lacking only really in dumbells over 75lbs.
4* purely as the gym appears to be slightly over surcribed.
They also have an app and opportunities for classes or 1 on 1 personal training sessions.
I've been training with andy, the lead personal trainer, for a month now.
They keep up with the whole gym and the locker rooms/bathrooms are squeaky clean.
All of the equipment is perfect and they use the same equipment that la fitness uses as well.
Nick trains me personally but every trainer has their own specialty and classes!
He is knowledgable about fitness and gives good advice .
Jesse and ben are the best trainers in phoenix.
There are trainers all over the valley but they are not all good.
Both jesse and ben have backgrounds in exercise and sports training so they understand common injury patterns.
I highly recommend spire for achieving your health goals whether that is building strength, mobility, weight loss, etc.
I have been a client with entourage fitness for a little over a year.
I love the trainers and the atmosphere at entourage.
I love that it is a small gym with varied workouts to keep you motivated.
All of the trainers are very knowledgable and truly care about each clients success.
I have been a member at x shadyside for about three years and couldn't have asked for a better gym!
My favorite part about the gym was by far the hours of operation.
I loved that the gym offered so many classes.
If i wanted to do cardio there are many ellipticals and treadmills available.
They have weight machines and the entire upstairs is for lifting.
Even during the peak gym hours, there is always a machine or equipment available.
It by far has been my favorite gym to be a part of.
I came from a big name gym working out on my own and doing group fitness classes.
I thought i pretty much knew how to lose weight and gain strength.
This isn't a gym about body builders and physique models.
This is a gym where everyday people just want to get healthy and become fit.
I've been a member at this gym for about a year and a half now.
The trainers are great and the free classes i get are awesome too.
I recommend mike or fred for training.
If im having a hard time with my workout members and trainers alike will help me out with no hesitation.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone trying to build muscle or just get in shape.
In my opinion there is not a better value for your dollar than crossfit phx for fitness.
One of their best, henry cejudo, has become the ufc flyweight champ.
I enjoy the energy dynamic of this privately owned gym.
I enjoy my personal training sessions with aaron!
I was tired of skinny people who have never had to lose weight telling me how to do it.
Not big like the 215 and flamingo one so machines and weights are limited.
Yaks fitness is the best gym i've signed up for!
I love this gym!
I really like this gym.
Not as intimate as other yoga classes but great for gym yoga.
This gym is great for someone like me.
I have worked out in dozens of gyms and fitness facilities over the last 20 years.
They have amazing builds and are extremely knowledgable with diet and training programs.
As a matter of fact you won't feel that way anywhere in this gym.
I really like this gym!!
I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful
And i am glad i took a chance on this local gym.
I really love the vibe from this gym.
And i have been to a few of the local gyms (outside of gold gym... 24 hr... and lvacs).
They have a crossfit equipment room too... which has the weight rack, rubber weights, ropes, and rowing machine.
So this isn't the gym for most las vegas service industry workers unfortunately.
If you seriously want to lose weight and become healthy and strong, this is the place to be.
You get small group training and personal attention.
(i've already lost weight and it's been 3 weeks.)
You won't regret it, crossfit veni vidi vici has opened my eyes to a new level of fitness!
Fantastic all-women gym in uptown.
Great staff, excellent classes and all the equipment you need in a small, private gym.
The monthly dues are extremely affordable too in comparision to other gyms.
Also, aside from being highly knowledgable in both fitness and nutrition, she is very personable and makes my workout fun!
Gotta love a small, absurdly affordable community gym.
They also have boxing cardio (think boot camp), kickboxing, spin, etc., plus the whole range of free weights and machines.
This isn't lifetime fitness.
Omni is a great family owned gym.
But i got on sort of a fitness kick just over a year ago.
When ballet fusion fitness opened up, i thought it was too good to be true.
Not a socializing gym, which helps keep me on track.
I've had other gym memberships, but i always get back to sar one way or another.
The neighborhood gym concept is great, but its the no frills, straight forward fitness center that attracts me.
All around, everything you'd want in a gym, unless you play squash!
I am glad i gave ia a shot when i was gym shopping.
This gym is awesome.
Great gym, great atmosphere, and great group of people here.
Overall, very solid gym.
Great equipment, plenty of space, showers in a clean locker room, and even offers a cross training room.
I highly recommend gifting this to yourself if your wanting to find a new level of health and fitness!
Can't wait for this gym to expand to hawaii.
If you're just looking to do cardio or lift weights, the price really can't be beat.
They offer personal trainers and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
The trainers are energetic and personable.
I have never been to a gym where i am truly drained by the end!
This is an old school gym.
Great trainers, motivation and atmosphere!
Perfect for all levels of fitness.
If your ready to lose weight and be fit, join boot camp.
I like this gym and always going there almost everyday.
My cardio work-ups are body combat and commit (mixxed-fit) classes and for strength and firming its the body pump classes.
Lvac cancelled, 24 hour fitness cancelled, this gym is blowing all competition out the water!
As a personal trainer this floor plan is perfect for every grade of client from novice to advanced.
The cleanest gym i've ever been to.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone in the southwest area!
The coaches are friendly, encouraging, and they know fitness!
This gym is very clean and  supplied with great equipment.
I am very excited to start my fitness journey here!
Mike burton is one of the most comprehensive and knowledgeable trainers you could come by.
His wholistic approach to fitness and health sets him apart from any other gym or crossfit trainer you can find.
Mike has been supportive in my journey to fitness and overall health every step of the way.
I highly recommend this gym.
Every day my 2 year old asks if we're going to the gym because she has so much fun.
The gym has a climbing wall, my kids play basketball when there isn't a team using it.
By far, this is one of the best crossfit gyms i've been to.
I recommend this gym without a doubt, hands down a+++!
As a mother they are accommodating with childcare and it's a cute lil jungle gym.
I'm a new member of this gym and i'm really happy with this place.
It really shows that he cares about his customers and quality of experience his gym offers.
If you are thinking about joining a smaller gym there are a few perks that i know you will enjoy.
There is plenty of space to warm up with some body weight exercises.
Lots of equipment and free weights.
The gym is very clean, supposedly the cleanest in vegas and i can't disagree.
You'll feel good about being part of a smaller gym community and supporting a local business.
Today was my first time at a.c.e fitness and it will definitely not be my last!!
If you are looking for a fitness facility, look no further!!
This is the gym to be at!!
Whatever your level of fitness.
Whether you're coming off an injury, weight loss, muscle gain, training specifically for 'x', ect...
This past spring, the gym cancelled all classes with a one week notice, to be replaced by xgt.
I fit back into my size 4 clothing because of this gym, but mostly my trainer jeff!
The gym is always clean and welcoming it has everything you need while maintaining the small town vibe.
I recently moved here to scottsdale and have had a rough time finding a gym that has what i need.
The equipment is awesome along with the cleanliness of the gym.
I think world health is a great gym especially edgemont!
I think its a great gym and a good environment.
Clean facilities and gym itself is spacious, though locker space is challenging.
I came in to check this gym out as i've been driving past it for years.
This gym is unlike any other.
First impressions are important and yak's fitness blew it out of the park!
In the ra offers zumba, zumba toning, yoga, spin classes (bikes tilt 20 deg), flirty girl fitness, etc.
The studio also sells women and mens fitness clothes, accessories, shoes, etc.
What a great gym!
This is a great gym, and i highly recommend!
The gym is very clean and organized.
There are fitness classes available, they are not included in your membership, but are amazing.
Crossfit 702 is not your typical gym.
This place, it's coaches and community of members is unlike anything you'll find at the globo gyms.
Not just in my perfomance at the gym but in how i feel each and every day.
Dropped in twice while visiting from sf for aerial fitness and lyra 1.
The trainers are all top notch.
Best gym for zumba classes!
I highly recommend zumba classes at this la fitness.
I just started training with him 3 times a week.
I love this gym because it's close to home and not hectic busy!
I would recommend everybitfit to anyone ready to get back in the gym!
This 24 hour fitness has everything i need in a gym.
My best experience here was with personal training.
I tried several trainers out, but ultimately found a good fit for me with brenda.
Before i had her, i had a trainer that left suddenly.
Management practically bent over backwards to make sure i was happy with my new trainer.
I tried a few different crossfit gyms/boxes around the scottsdale/phoenix area before deciding on crossfit magna.
This gym has plenty of space to workout and not feel like you're on top of anyone.
It's all you could ask for from a gym that is $10 a month and $1 down.
This gym has everything you need!
I actually joined for the heavier dumbells that i couldn't find at la fitness or 24hr fitness near my home.
The energy in the gym is electric and i'm so happy to have found this place.
Combination of interval cardio and weight lifting makes it one of the best overall workout!
I was super skeptical of this place because i'm not a performer or gymnast of any kind.
I went to the yelp fitness club event here.
I had researched the gyms in my area and then went and visited the ones that interested me.
The rates are very reasonable and they offered me four free training sessions when i joined.
And not having been in a gym in a few years i found this very helpful.
I had my first training session with nikki last wednesday and she is awesome.
The gym is very clean and well run and the members were all immediately friendly (even at 6am!).
Mycal is clearly a very experienced coach and prides himself on the gym's coaching quality.
I have never had a single problem with this gym!
The trainers all know what they are doing and genuinely care about your well-being and progress.
They have never let me down, thanks smart gym!!!
The prices are reasonable compared to all the other gyms out there.
It's so comforting to know there are people who live for fitness and for pushing people to meet their goals.
I love my gym.
Before i got my membership, i had thought that this was a small gym with a hefty price tag.
Fitness in bakery square was pretty close, but i heard horror stories about the facility and its membership contracts.
I walked upstairs, which i quickly saw was for classes, weightlifting, and yoga and pilates.
They explained what their gym offers, including classes such as abs, spinning, bodypump, bodyattack, p90x, and insanity.
I've been going to this gym for almost two months and i'm pleased.
With the exception of peak hours, there usually are no lines for the machines and weights.
I've attended their spinning classes and the trainers knew how to motivate us to push our limits.
Great having fitness classes (spin,  yoga etc)  included in fees.
My favorite is the running track since i love running and we don't have one at my regular gym.
Cardio machines, ab machines, free weights, basketball courts, pool...whatever exercise equipment needs you have, they got it.
Best workout, awesome trainers and staff!!!!
I did not use any of the services at  the spa and salon but i did use the gym daily.
This gym is the best i have ever seen at a hotel.
They have treadmills, ellipticals, weights, water and towels.
Moved to south end in june from florida and i love working out so i needed to find a gym.
The only things i don't like about the gym mainly revolves around the other members.
Some people just don't have proper gym etiquette.
Re-racking their weights when they are done with equipment, wiping off equipment, etc.
It's a 2 thumbs way up for 24 hour fitness on west craig!
Plus, a bunch more standing weighted-base heavy bags in the other "kickboxing/yoga room.
I am totally endorsing this gym!
This is a "no frills", serious gym.
If you want a dedicated, genuine and well rounded trainer, kayce gorman is by far one of the best!
But the problem and challenge is how early the fitness center closes.
This is a mini-gym.
Got a good work out with a buddy who is a fitness expert par excellence.
The fitness center and spa are glorious, super clean and sparkling.
Note: the fitness center and spa have slightly different hours.
The facility is very impressive, better than any gym i've seen so far in town.
Great gym very happy with it , clean and good mix of machines and free weights .
Affordable monthly cost out of all the other gyms , oh they make it easy to cancel membership .
The gym is clean, well maintained and conveniently located.
This gym is clean!
If your new to the work out scene the trainers are super friendly and are willing to teach.
I highly recommend this gym and location.
Cardio equipment is easily available when i arrive and they have a variety of group fitness classes.
The downside is the gym could update some of their equipment.
I recommend cam for personal fitness sessions and group classes, she's great!
I am so glad i walked in this gym.
They have many options on cardio.
Each cardio has a person tv that you can control.
(stair climbers, treadmills, arc trainer, bike and ellipticals.)
Gym shopping can be so expensive because most places want so much up front.
No pressure from wandering trainers or reps trying to upset you.
Tip: if looking for a lot of guidance this might not be the gym for you.
Open space with almost everything you could ever need to train yourself.
After a couple of weeks here this is what i have come away with from the gym.
Plenty of weights and machines!
After my last gym (pf), being at this place is like a huge breath of fresh air!
We highly recommend q to help with any fitness and nutrition help you may need!!
I am around the same weight, but i am stronger and much more lean.
Now, i am forced to do the cardio in ways that are fun and competitive.
You feel comfortable and welcome regardless of your level of fitness.
Small, clean, great variety of equipment,  friendly staff, great experience here as with all the fitness 1 centers.
Way better than a la fitness or as my boy put it "the walmart of fitness centers " lol!
I have been a member of this gym for almost a year now and absolutely love it!
I've been a member for almost a year now and thanks to this gym, my love for fitness has grown!
But the best part about bodysport is the atmosphere and the members that attend this gym.
Mel and his crew are amazing and make everyone feel welcomed and a part of their gym family.
I would recommend this gym to anyone.
Zane is a great trainer and helps you understand the technique while putting you through a great workout.
I highly recommend because it offers you something other than the same old workouts you get at the gym.
Great training staff that are very friendly and helpful.
I love coming to this gym.
Will definitely recommend this gym.
Nothing beats this gym.
The trainers here really know what there doing and are so helpful!
I really like this gym, especially my zumba teacher, jeanette araujo.
Ive been to a few gyms around town, but rebel fitness is cream of the crop.
There's also no lines, no crowding, and no pressure for personal training.
The members form an intimate, friendly community, and everyone is clean and respectful of the gym and equipment.
Best positives -has a heavy bag -always-organized freeweights -24 hours -power plate -offers homegrown pure rebel protein -no peer pressure!
There are a lot gyms in the southwest.
Ive tested out all of them before deciding to give yaks fitness a go.
Chris and shelly probably have the cleanest gym in town.
Thx yaks fitness, keep up the good work in running a great gym.
Recommended by a fellow pole dancer friend in nyc, shine alternative fitness really is as good as it gets.
Best alternative fitness studio in the area, by far!
It's great to train with the pros.
How can an artist afford such a thing as simple as a gym membership?
Yak's is wonderful and i am so glad i trusted the reviews on yelp to visit this gym.
While living in iowa for three years i became accustomed to a $50+/month gym membership.
Not only is the monthly charge beyond reasonable but the gym is spotless and the equipment is top notch!
When i inquired about personal training i got the chance to meet nathan and sign up for lessons.
I have never had a trainer care as much about my progress as he does.
It is awesome to have a trainer follow up and push you even on off days.
I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a top notch, intimate, and fun gym experience.
The training sessions are always unique, and can include, cross fit, self defense, kickboxing and more!
The trainer's are top notch, and the workouts are tailored to your needs and interests.
Like to se that as a priority in a gym...trainers build relationship with clients and motivate.
A smaller gym though
I am no stranger to fitness, but orangetheory fitness is in a league all of its own.
La fitness is a great national chain with locations in many states.
Kerry and reinier and all the trainers  are the best!
Eos is a great gym if anyone in the area is looking to make the switch :)
I have been working out with a trainer (jose) since day one.
The gym is very nice.
I have been going to this gym for over 2 years.
Amazing group fitness training and circuit training classes.
The best part about this gym in the staff helps you and encourages you to meet your goals.
Their obstacle race training program is outstanding!
Tough mudder, badass dash and now a spartan under my belt thanks to this amazing gym and staff.
Truly the best gym in town.
Some of the best personal trainers in vegas train their clients at bodysport!
Well i've been at this gym for almost a year now.
I love that the trainers push u to ur limits and they will not let give up!
All newer equipment compared to other la fitness locations.
They have a second floor dedicated to cardio and all the weights and machines are on the first floor.
The gym and equipment are well kept and clean.
Overall a great gym i'm happy to be a member of.
Bonus points for a women's only gym that is only accessible through the women's side locker room.
I don't use the women's gym, but it is nice that it is private.
The gym is big, clean and well stocked with equipment.
Never been more committed to anything or any other gym as much as i am this place.
I love the atmosphere and all the trainers, they're great and help keep you motivated.
Brandon was a great help in assisting my friend & i in getting our gym membership.
I liked this gym a lot when i lived in cleveland.
The cardio theater was a creative idea, too.
They play movies on a big screen in a dark room with a bunch of cardio equipment.
Still, this is a decent gym with some cool extras, and worth a membership.
Fitness factory is a small neighborhood gym on south highland.
There is no pool, no basketball courts, no squash trainers, no smoothie bar, etc.
The gym is clean.
Again, this isn't a multi-million dollar la fitness - it's a gym, and it's not going to be pristine.
It's by far the best gym i've worked out at.
The trainers are amazing and encourage you to do your best!
Even though it's a group setting you feel like you're getting personally trained.
Taught the class and they were both very welcoming as well as everyone else at the gym.
The gym is spacious with lots of equipment.
Great people and great gym!
I would describe core sweat as cardio workout with resistance training.
After the trx portion we moved onto ab work utilizing a small weighted ball.
The people are all very nice, not a lot of the attitude you get from going to other gyms.
The classes are an incredible fusion of cardio and pilates and even barre.
When the facility is in working order, this is one of the better la fitnesses i've been to.
The trainers here are a lot like most franchise"personal trainers."
Poorly trained, and mostly there to talk sports or pick up girls.
The jacuzzi is one of the biggest selling points, if you're a la fitness member, to this gym.
This is the newest planet fitness in charlotte.
Come one come all planet lovers or those who are curious about planet fitness.
Staff at this location are warm and friendly with a great trainer on site.
The gym is clean and well kept.
If your new to the workout world i suggest getting a trainer for the first year.
Thanks smart gym for your help!
And then there's the classes and pool and so much more than the "showy" gyms.
Clint, the go to guy for amazing meditation, is also trained, educated and genuine in his approach.
I really like this gym.
Doesn't really help me much when my partner and i have come to the gym especially to play squash.
I recently found this nice gym around my house.
I worked out with the fitness trainer "q" wednesday afternoon for a half hour session.
Great staff and extremely friends gym goers as well.
Good gym -- i signed up mainly because i live a few blocks away.
I love hearing jay trainzz fitness story.
If you like to work out independently, no one will pester you to pay for a trainer.
I can't imagine how anyone could have a bad experience at this gym.
I like this gym, and for what it is, id say it definitely deserves 5 stars.
For what its worth, crunch fitness is, i think, best in class :)
I took trainer, ricky anderson's classes and had so much fun!
Our class's trainer was amazing!
If you are a regular, the trainers know you and will chit chat about this or that if you engage.
I went to la fitness too.
I had just cancelled my membership at goodlife and i wanted to try a new gym.
I gave the gym 4 stars because the facility is very very nice however.
Fierce fitness cle is a cute spot in an easy to get to location.
Easy online registration too at their website www.fiercefitnesscle.com.
Anyone that doesn't seem to connect with the conventional gym needs to sign up immediately.
Eos fitness is actually quite surprisingly a decent gym!!
The gym is packed always however you just have to find the right times to go!
The gym is big and spacious and has everything you need.
They have a great varity of classes and personal trainers.
Jake is an amazing trainer that focuses on strengthening exercises for runners.
I highly recommend this gym.
You'll get cardio, strength training, a work to the core and stretching all in one booty shaking, sweat making class.
Enjoy training at this facility.
The trainers are very nice and the atmosphere is fun and friendly.
I highly recommend  bodysport fitness for athletes or really anyone looking for a fun gym to train at.
The trainers provide guidance on stretching before and after workouts so you can perform at your best and get results.
Their fitness programs help you look and feel fantastic.
I've worked out with many trainers over the years and crossfit fsi trainers are by far the best.
I have been coming to this gym since the day they opened their doors.
I didn't drive to the gym with my friend at 10pm not to workout.
We focused on strength training with a blend of cardio and high intensity training.
My girls beg me on a daily basis to come to the gym because they have such a blast.
Love the gym, love my kid center staff & absolutely love my results.
It is inside the forum and a movie ticket is more expensive than one month at the gym.
I am also very impressed with the renovated gym and the services.
I usually go to the goodlife gym in downtown during the week except i come here on mondays.
The group fitness room in this location is huge!
This gym does not have a swimming pool but has two squash courts.
Otherwise, i would still give this gym a++++, definitely coming back again.
Prior to joining magna, i over weight and was doing a lot of lifts improperly.
They always stressed proper technique over weight.
I don't have kids but my gym partner does and her kids love daycare this location the most!
Lvac is by far by favorite gym!
What an incredible lagree fitness studio!!!
I feel so blessed to have met them because these guys are the real deal in fitness.
This gym is smaller but makes up for it with the equipment and people.
"all gyms have treadmills", you say?
I especially like the layout of the gym area.
I wish more gyms in this city had this exact layout!
), bosu balls, weights, medicine balls, etc.
Fierce fitness cle does not disappoint!
Brian was my personal trainer.
He was an awesome trainer.
Never felt valued as a customer at any other gym but this yf.
This is by far the best gym i have ever been a member of.
The staff goes above and beyond, in training, customer service and over-all member experience.
I like that the treadmills, and other cardio offer internet access as well as tv access.
1st floor: cardio with multiple screen tv's, lap pools, dodge ball, racquet ball, soccer, equipment checkout, and cardio bikes.
2nd floor: dance/yoga rooms, weights, machine weights, all of your lifting here.
3rd floor: basketball, also for volleyball and or special training.
This is a great gym!
It's super clean and has a great atmosphere, the classes are not overcrowded like some other gyms.
The trainers and staff make me feel me welcomed as soon as i walk through the door!
Overall though i'm super excited for my fitness journey!
My husband and i were on the search for a new gym and we found it in maximum fitness.
The gym is fully equipped with plenty of machines and free weights.
He knows all his clients and their personal fitness goals which keeps me coming back.
This gym has changed my life.
The people at this gym are real.
The trainers are knowledgable and passionate about what they do.
I committed to the change after seeing the transformations of others that attended the gym.
Was referred to maximum by a friend, its very inexpensive, great personal trainers & its never too busy!
I'd say its an old school, rugged & raw gym..you go there to work out!
Was never a fan of crossfit until i walked into this gym.
We love this gym.
A.c.e fitness is know joke.
I have my struggles but i keep pushing forward and complete my training sessions.
Fitness, my goals will become reality.
Never say "i can't"  at a.c.e fitness!
They don't like those words....beast mode tonight , move the world  with a.c.e fitness.
I go to this gym late at night to avoid the crowds.
Lockers are filthy because of idiots who bring their wet shoes into the gym.
Overall, a very good gym to work out in.
I later found out about the fitness facility.
My wife liked the ladies gym as well.
Lots of free weights and treadmills.
I have to say i'm very impressed with the staff and the camaraderie of this gym.
I love this gym.
I have been an la fitness member for years.
The gym is clean with a pool, spa and jacuzzi.
He is a certified personal trainer and also a registered nutritionist.
I had set up a fitness assessment with q upon renewing my gym membership.
Please know that i am very well-versed in fitness nutrition exercise physiology and general health.
They have had a very high turnover in recent months but that's not all that unusual for gyms either.
That's got to be the biggest fan i have ever seen, but why only one in the entire gym?
That fact might lead to less cardio and more weights on future workouts.
A really great gym.
I wish there were more late evening (7 or 8pm) fitness classes though.
I take her antigravity yoga and fitness classes, as well as her flexibility class.
My daughter has been attending north valley gymnastics for years.
That is when i'm not totally distracted watching the senior boys gymnastics team working out--we're talking olympic level skills here!
Keep it up north valley gymnastics!
We had been planning to enroll our daughter's at another gym when we we heard about nvg.
And many of the activities were what you'd expect at gymboree.
Around this time a new kinder gym director was hired and the difference was immediate.
This place has been my gym ever since i had to stop using my university gym.
Other cheaper gyms like fit4less has the cost down but don't have some of the most essential weight lifting equipments.
Hone fitness has it all!
After i started paying for their $20 membership which includes the orange room full of cross training equipments.
The wife and i scheduled a trx training/familiarization session with brenda last month.
She gave us a personalized training session incorporating the trx program to our specific needs.
Since then, we've been incorporating the trx program into our gym sessions...  thx brenda!!
Jennifer is a great trainer, she motivates you and even makes you laugh at times.
I joined the gym in june and been a member since than!
I had zero information what crossfit was....and after training for a week with them, i was hooked!!
This place is perfect for fitness levels of all shapes and sizes.
While they are a bit pushy with personal training sessions, if you say no they'll leave you alone.
There is plenty of equipment ranging from free weights to cardio to machines and it is all pretty new.
Both the nearby ymca and 5th avenue fitness are considerably more expensive.
The members at the box are of all fitness levels and are a friendly group of people.
Best gym in town!
I liked the classes, intensity and communal feeling at gym.
The trainer's are awesome and are really motivating.
Other info that may be helpful:  gym space - have a large area with a rig.
Pricing: similar/little less than other gyms around las vegas.
Great value for the $ and has full gym equipment (pools / saunas, racket ball!)
I love this gym and specifically this location.
I tried a few gyms in the area and they were either too expensive, too small or not clean.
He makes sure the gym is clean and everyone gets attended and helped.
I would recommend this gym, all the staff members are very nice.
I highly recommend coming this gym if you are looking for a total body workout.
Whether it's boxing, kickboxing, boot camp, or personal training, each workout is a full hour of excitement and intensity.
Tony's personal training techniques have helped strengthen my old injuries as well :)
Great facility, the trainers are very nice.
Some gyms have a frat-like atmosphere, blur does not.
The gym is really well maintained.
The selection of equipment and free weights means little to no waiting for weights or equipment.
The gym is clean, the machines are relatively new, and in great condition.
Because i was interested specifically in training, i researched the training staff before i signed up for membership.
I met with the fitness manager, denny garcia, shortly after signing up for membership.
He explained the various training programs offered in detail, and based on our discussion, i signed up for sessions.
He then created a customized meal plan, specific training routines and has provided me almost daily guidance and training tips.
I have been doing crossfit now for 6 years and have been a member of 6 gyms around the world.
I'm doing the 6-week fitness challenge and i'm enjoying the class.
I have been to 6 different snap fitness locations and this one is the best by far.
Also this one has the most, trainer led, classes available over others.
Always clean, always has people in the gym plus has a subway right next door.
After touring all of the crossfit gyms in the area, i chose crossfit fsi and i'm so happy i did!
Carson and liz took the time to get to know me and my fitness goals.
Now i regularly attend classes and feel like i am making real progress on my fitness journey.
Couldn't be happier with my choice of crossfit gym and would recommend fsi to anyone.
This is my gym.
Classes are fun, and the personal tv on the cardio machines are awesome!
A great facility with great trainers and great people.
Basically 5 different workout moves (you chose your level of weights based on a color.
What happens when a neighborhood gym evolves into the absolute apex of gym experiences?
The best gym, you will ever set your mortal eyes upon.
There's no contracts and no hidden fees, just an excellent gym.
If you like bad gym's, this isn't for you.
If you are looking for a semi-private and/or  a more personalized fitness studio fit4qol is the place to go.
Laura is very skilled and educated in pilates and several other areas of fitness.
It is not just a gym it is a fitness studio which helps maintain a healthy quality of life.
I can tell you that i was not a regular gym rat.
If it's to get in better shape or to lose weight, then yes, it works.
Huge part of crossfit is the supportive community aspect that comes with each gym.
Etiquette is much better for weight machines and free weights at this location than at west.
I haven't worked with any of the personal trainers, but they all seem friendly.
Nice, clean gym thats not overly packed and has plenty of equipment.
Good gym for getting back on track or maintaining.
Checked out this gym a couple weeks ago.
Everything is brand new and not super packed like the other gyms in the area.
I walked to the gym, so parking wasn't an issue.
There are a lot of other beginners and the trainers are great!
The trainers keep things fun and entertaining and the hour goes by so fast.
I frequented this gym for a few months.
When i had to use the equipment toward the front of the gym.
I have been a member of this gym since 2012 when it was at the old location.
This gym is not like anything else in the valley.
This gym has people from all walks of life and everyone is made to feel welcome.
Plenty of cardio equipment and tons of weights.
Best gym in phoenix in my opinion.
Hassan, who trained in la, is an excellent stylist and colourist.
My favorite part is the ladies gym.
Fitness / squash - the areas are separated into women's only and men's only.
All cardio has its own tv monitor with the ability to change the channel.
The coaches are incredibly knowledgable, and there is a perfect balance of technique training and athletic competitiveness.
I would absolutely recommend this gym to newbies and veterans alike!
This gym is conveniently located and it is a nice size with the typical amenities (pool, cycle room, babysitting etc).
I've been around crossfit since 2006 and i've never been to a gym so focused on its members.
If you think you'll get that from a standard gym/personal trainer, you're dead wrong.
One size does not fit all in fitness!
Ariana is my trainer and she works with me to give me a workout to suit my needs.
Overall, the participants range from all ages, sizes and fitness abilities/inabilities.
I moved to pittsburgh and joined this gym right when i got here and love it!
Nice gym, lots of machines and the classes are great!
I have to say that this is the best equipped gym i've ever experienced.
I've been a gym regular since graduating from college in 1981, and i've belonged to some pretty pricey health clubs.
One of the best gyms if you want motivation 24/7.
They gym is awesome because you get 24/7 access for an awesome price.
My girlfriend and i are in town visiting some old friends and we needed a gym to workout at.
I've been coming to this gym for some months now.
Its always clean and during peak hours its not super slammed like every other gym.
I had a feeling that i can't get on my own at the gym.
You're going to do all the reps with the weights.
You're going to hustle back and forth between the weights and the rowers.
This gym has everything.
Oly platforms, chains, all types of barbells, foam rollers, squat racks, cardio, basketball courts, pools, racquetball, indoor track, etc, etc.
The price is less than monthly gym dues!
No other facility made me feel as safe, as welcomed, and as incredible about my fitness as this.
This is a place where people of all ages and fitness levels come to work and improve their health.
A great crossfit gym.
Watch out for those not familiar with weight lifting; they can upset you and might endanger your health.
I walked into aria's fitness center with no sense of what was in store for me.
All in all, the aria fitness "temple" does a very fine job for a resort facility to maintain one's gainz.
And if you love the sf giants, then you're adjacent to their training facility.
I've been a member at great gym and not so great gyms...
I have found the gym to be clean, friendly, and affordable.
Keith is the best trainer ever!
Everybitfit is a private studio/gym with a comprehensive personal approach to fitness and wellness.
It is a joy to come and exercise and become more knowlegeable about total body fitness.
It really has everything you'd want at a larger gym.
I came here after i left 24 hour fitness.
I prefer smaller gyms.
Even a cardio room if you're into that.
It's extremely cleaner than most other gyms.
Otherwise i recommend this gym.
Only in toronto for a couple of weeks and needed to find somewhere to train.
All machines and weights are high quality and in great condition.
Will definitely return to gym whenever i return to toronto.
#conquereverything #unlv #vegasfitfam #mindbodysoul #bootybuilding #acefitnesslv #movetheworld #itsaprocess #lasvegas
A bit pricier than a standard gym membership but you get personal training that pushes you to your max.
The trainers are awesome, this place is definitely worth it!
Food is pretty amazing which means that finding a gym to join was necessary for an upcomimg family wedding.
After some research of all the gyms in the area (both locally owned and national) i settled between two: l.a.
Fitness (miracle mile) and then spent some time on the equipment.
I've gone on to take cardio tai box and pound with denise and yoga with crystal and chelsea.
From trx, to the boxing bags, to the fitness classes... there's something really different for everyone.
The whole gym is clean and fresh and everyone is so friendly!
Fitness may offer a pool and some courts, but nothing compares to how crunch will make you feel.
I recently joined the gym and have been going there everyday.
Started training with james and haven't had any better trainer.
Highly recommend the gym!
I had issues with blood sugar (pre-diabetic), cholesterol, and generally getting overweight as i hit 50.
And weight, lost about 15 lbs.
Staff is friendly and attentive to the gym equipment.
I am very happy i joined this gym...it was just what i needed.
This gym was everything i needed!!
No matter what your training goals are, they have the equipment to help you achieve it.
At the end of the class, they will spend about 10 minutes on core and body weight strength.
However, everyone is really supportive and welcoming of everyone else regardless of their fitness level.
Fs is hands down the best gym i've been apart of!
I loved becky's zumba classes and the functional fitness 6am classes.
Laura grace williams, owner of studio 1 on 1 is an outstanding trainer, business owner and fitness coach.
She doesn't just guide you to, through, and past your fitness goals.
Clean atmosphere and obviously very convenient as it is located inside lifetime fitness.
Great gym, all the equipment you need, skilled trainers, not pretentious, chill vibe.
I'm truly happy to have the best gym family in town!
Came in for my initial consultation and fitness assessment and was very pleased.
Immediately felt like it was the right gym for me.
The gym was great and the trainers were very knowledgable and accommodating.
I've been waiting for a nice gym to open in my area for quite some time now.
I absolutely love this gym.
They have so much in the gym from work out classes to hoops!
I myself love doing my cardio and my husband love to hoop so it's a win, win!
Overall i would recommend this gym to anyone that is in need of a great gym!
My girlfriends and i started training with brandon.
Unlv student recreation and wellness center is the fanciest, most spacious gym i've ever stepped foot in.
There are four floors filled with everything a gym junkie's heart could desire.
I squeeze in gym sessions on campus when i can.
This was my first crossfit gym to ever join and i am so happy that i found full strength.
Since i'm triathalon training, i couldn't afford those issues.
No matter your fitness level- fit society is the place!
I recommend this gym to everyone i know!
I love achieve fitness!
This is a woman-owned gym in lakewood & it's a great place to feel empowered and invest in your health.
Achieve offers a clean environment and an excellent selection of group fitness classes, small group fitness and personal training.
I started at achieve last summer when i purchased a groupon for personal training.
I left every training session feeling really good about myself.
The trainers really focus in on your goals, push you to get in a great workout and respect your time.
Now i have a membership for their group fitness classes.
Achieve offers kettlebell ampd, sweatbox circuit training, les mills: body pump, zumba, and several other strength training classes.
This gym is super convenient for me and it has more equipment than planet fitness.
Although it does get very packed but what gym doesn't.
Dropped in to the olympic weightlifting class.
Finally i found out that the life spa at lifetime fitness had them.
I was reluctant because it was in life time fitness and not an actual salon standing alone.
I came for revolution group training, and ended up getting an individually personalized workout.
From the beginning, everyone at the gym was welcoming.
Good solid gym however like any other business things need some updating.
My husband and i trained with her for a few months and had some great results.
Habits2health was the best fitness decision i've ever made.
I started training with robbie stahl.
Two weeks of personal training with sonia, and i'm hooked.
All this fitness is new to me, but she is helping get past my intimidation.
If you've not had your fitness assessment with anthony, dooo iiiit!!!
I only didn't give this gym 5stars due to their choice of channels on the tv.
I've been passionate about strength training since i was a teen (am 37 now).
As a long time passionate health nut, personal trainer.
And health coach, i never ever thought i would veer off from going to the typical commercial gym.
I have honestly never been dedicated to my fitness and diet.
This is a great gym facility.
The gym also has a good selection of cardio equipment as well including several rowers, rows of treadmills and bikes.
Over the past year i have been going to shine fitness on and off.
Its the only gym/classes that i will routinely go back too.
I have been training with john allen's for over 10 years for three days a week.
I highly recommend john allen's gym!
The trainers are excellent,  very knowledgeable.
Easy to access from nearby c train station.
This gym is great and so homey!
If your looking for a gym to call home, come here.
I've been looking for smaller gym for a while now and this one is great.
Coming from lvac an overcrowded gym this was a nice change.
The gym is always maintained, clean, and the weights are always put back in the right spot.
I signed up a few weeks ago and so far, i really like this gym.
I really like the cardio cinema and the sauna.
The training staff led by ken is extremely knowledgeable and they have been doing it a long time.
My husband and i joined smartgym in scottsdale, az in january and we have been very happy.
The gym is very well equipped, clean and the staff is very courteous and helpful.
I have been working with gage wyant as my personal trainer.
Gage is very professional and has really worked hard to address my specific training needs.
I highly recommend smartgym.
This is my usual gym.
Nice front desk, and xavier was a great trainer.
I'm really looking forward to using more of the equipment and potentially using the cardio theatre room.
If you are looking for a gym with good equipment, good trainers you have found the right gym.
Gold's is by far one of the best fitness memberships i have ever had.
Megan (morning front desk associate) is so sweet and takes excellent care of the morning gym-goers.
I was hooked on this gym after speaking with one of the owners, steve, before  even taking a class.
I was introduced to all of the owners and trainers, who took such interest in my background, wishes and goals.
Personal training and weight-lifting on site.
I am really picky when it comes to the gym i workout at.
They have really created a great gym with a very welcoming and clean environment.
I highly recommend yak's fitness.
The gym is spacious and well appointed and the members were very welcoming to both of us.
Far better than any club in the area if you just need a place for no nonsense weights and cardio.
You can always count on marcus to be there for you and help you with all your fitness goals.
Great tunes to train with
Jeff cymbalski my personal trainer has gotten me into the best shape i have been in for years.
What a great trainer.
The smart gym in chandler is an awesome facility with everything you need in a gym.
Friendly front desk staff, personal trainers and xgt coaches that all want to help you reach your goals.
The entire gym is full of brand new equipment and everything is kept nice and clean!
One of my favorite gyms in the area.
Great atmosphere, friendly people (i have heard different though), cleaner than other gyms.
Overall i'd recommend this gym.
100000x better than pf, and pretty solid for the price compared to the areas privately owned gyms.
Did a welcome training session with shawn.
I love this fitness centre.
I swim and steam daily and try to do some weight lifting 2 times a week or so.
Been coming to this gym for over 3 years, what can i say...honestly the best around by far.
I've gone to other gyms such as lvac, eos, and 24.
Best gym by far, love this place and i will consistently keep coming back!
If you could listen to tv while on cardio equipment instead of just watch then it would get 6 stars.
Also, the employees here aren't chubby things that know nothing about fitness like at other places.
I joined ia in june after a bit of research on local crossfit gyms.
We just moved to vegas and realized the 24 hr fitness here are always busy and doesn't have many amenities.
So we decided to check out other gyms.
The location and 24/7 availability makes it difficult to have excuses not to go to the gym.
In fact i've been able to go regularly again and i've lost significant weight.
This gym is everywhere and its easy to see why.
(maybe thats just me) gyms include other services at extra costs: towel service, child minding, tanning and bootcamp.
Probably the best cardio one can do while staying dry... most gyms have them these days.
I see them constantly put weights back where they belong and keep the space as tidy as possible.
Definitely helps when you're trying to find a particular dumbbell weight.
Love this planet fitness.
One of the cleanest planet fitness i have ever gone to.
Didn't want to review this gym before it opened and i had a chance to check it out and workout!
Really nice, new gym.
After the class lifted weights and did the hydromassage.
I gained a bunch of weight after a surgery, my cholesterol was way up, sugar levels all bad.
I had to do something asap and didn't want to deal with gym scene.
I lost 12 lbs the first year of membership with the help of planet fitness.
So happy with the beautiful remodel of my gym!!
Thanks la fitness and stacy for all you do!
Crossfit 6s is a crossfit gym that brandy new opened by the former three members of argon crossfit.
It is a fairly small crossfit gym where the class sizes limited with 8 people.
The gym runs throughout the day from morning to evening where everyone can squeeze into their schedule.
Crossfit6s makes sure that you work out efficiently and properly with amazing crossfit training.
Pretty much every move in crossfit is modifiable which allows everyone to participate a workout depending on their fitness level.
Strengths workouts are either weightlifting or body weight exercises ( pull ups or stand stand push ups).
The weightlifting consist of squats ( overhead, back and front), deadlifts, snatches, cleans, jerks, push presses and strict presses.
The weightlifting class is not actual a crossfit class rather it is more practical learning class.
Basically, it is an improvement class for olympic weightlifting movements.
Overall, it is really good gym and help you to fulfill your fitness goal.
I had to get help and brain one of the trainers there came to the rescue.
This gym is one of my favorites.
I was looking into cross fit classes to lose weight but they said they don't focus on weight loss.
I'm highly considering continuing my gym membership with raw.
Glad i joined...i was on the fence between all the major gyms and i'm glad i chose eos.
My trainer shamar (shay) is a good dude kicks my ass weekly and answers all my questions.
I was met by kerri and reinier who are so nice, welcoming and great trainers.
If you are looking for more than just a gym and a great workout, join the family at powerhour!!!
Nice clean big gym.
I love this gym!
It's my favorite and go to gym.
Was in montreal for a week on business, bought a week pass for this gym.
For the price per month and selection of machines and free weights....a solid 4 stars!
Like every gym, this place can get crazy busy between 3 and 6pm.
I mostly use the free weights and treadmill, and their equipment is always clean.
The weights are nicely racked, and the gym is clean.
I have lost weight, toned muscle and gained endurance doing this workout three times a week.
The class is more than welcoming, no matter what your fitness level.
I can not recommend it enough, if you're interested in boxing or changing up your fitness routine, try tbc!
I have completed a week of training at crossfit full strength.
I have tried a few other gyms and this one blows all the rest away.
Everyone is very helpful and will walk you through the class no matter what your fitness level is.
For the first time in my life, i love going to the gym.
Drew, ryan and austin are supportive, knowledgable and motivating trainers.
It's a great gym with amazing people who i look forward to seeing on a daily basis.
I love this gym!
I started workout in this gym 3 months ago and i absolutely love it!
Gets my cardio out of the way, done and done whenever i skip my morning routine!
Lotsa cardio machines and a handful of trainers ready to assist.
Staff are present and putting weights away, changeroom is always kept neat!
After all that, i was warmly greeted by my trainer nadia.
First time attending the gym.
Huge cardio room selection which means you will most likely get a machine when you go.
Literally the only problem with capital fitness is that it is too popular.
I've never done personal training let alone personal group training, so i was very nervous.
Upon talking to the trainer ( i can't remember her name) all of my worries immediately went away.
I came home and told my boyfriend i might turn into a gym junky after that great workout.
I found my gym home !
Now it feels like a real gym!
What an absolutely great gym.
This review is about deon credle, one of the personal trainers at eos durango.
I'm so happy i chose him as my trainer.
The equipment here is as well maintained as any other large gym in the city.
Jay really cares about the people who train at his gym, and it shows.
If i hadn't gotten injured and moved i would still be training here.
I became a member at eos durango gym since i had signed up in february 26th 2018.
I definitely did enjoying this gym.
I definitely keep my membership at eos durango gym forever.
I'm pretty much  enjoyed this place now rather then 24hours gym.
The best thing i like about ballet fusion fitness is the great workout your get without the snobby attitude.
Amazing gym,great staff, people come to workout and not just chat.
I have been a member at many gyms over the years.
I find smart gym to be a great value for the price.
I tend to use the free & cable weight areas & rowing machine.
Not because it isn't a nice gym with good amenities; also clean and good equipment.
Had it not been for the fitness counselor/membership person, matt, i would have stepped away and left a bad review.
Very good gym the only thing is some of the equipment not repaired fast enough.
This is a good gym.
I absolutely love this gym.
I had planet fitness for over a year now.
When i moved from erie, i was sad to leave a beautiful gym.
However,  when i came to this gym; i was just as impressed.
This gym is equipped with standard machines that are kept clean and well maintained.
I'm a member of lvac and have no intention of changing gyms.
The gym is small and everything is tightly squeezed close together.
I like that they offer members guests to use the gym with them with no commitment or hassle.
If you're looking for a friendly, neighborhood gym that's reasonably priced, this is the place.
My husband and i joined smart gym two years ago and dove in with both feet.
There are lots of gyms to choose from in the valley, but we're glad we chose this one.
The coaching staff is comprised of qualified and knowledgeable individuals that cater instruction to whatever fitness level you are at.
That being said, i have come to really enjoy this gym.
Most of the staff is friendly, clean enough for a smelly gym and has *most* of what i need.
The best part about this gym is the training.
My trainer aaron h. is awesome!
Training can be pricey, but i go continually because i really feel it is a benefit for me.
The lower level has plenty of cardio equipment to meet your needs.
All-in-all great, no-pressure neighborhood gym.
This is the best gym i've ever been to.
Love the fact that  they have a full weight room and a wet/dry sauna.
My wife and sister also train here.
I'm giving four stars due to the fact that there is no public schedule for the gym.
For example, there are club volleyball and soccer practices that can take up half the gym.
The facility here is as good as it gets for a gym that's part of a chain.
My brother told me about smart gym, so i checked them out on wednesday.
I also had my free personal training session and assessment with sean today, friday.
I am very happy i joined this gym, and excited to get in the best shape i've ever been in!
For years i tried being regular to the gym but i just found it too boring.
I really enjoy the free weight area and rarely wait for a bench, which is super important in my book!
I love my gym and everyone in it and couldn't imagine being anywhere else.
The cleveland rock gym does a nice job of balancing opportunities for beginners and rock rats.
If you get the chance, do not miss her classes or this gym!
Located downtown with plenty of parking this is one of the largest fitness centres in calgary.
There are plenty of machines to choose from (weights & cardio).
If you are visiting calgary, there is a c-train stop right across from it.
Oh, and good lord, some of the best looking guys ever live on the second floor of this gym.
Also, at least three of the cardio machines are broken (media center doesn't work).
Overall, i don't mind this gym and take turns going here and to the west park location.
I recently started taking classes at fierce girl fitness because i had bought a groupon (10 classes for $40).
I've been looking for a gym just like this for a long time!
I've been to other gyms but was never satisfied with my workouts.
There's not enough good things i can say about this gym.
I like smaller, more personal gyms and yak's is perfect.
Visiting from san diego and needed to get some gym time in and i randomly selected this place.
Awesome gym with everything you need.
Definitely would be my home gym if i lived here!
I love this gym and my kids enjoy coming to their childcare.
Toronto's best new option for 24/7 fitness.
I joined after it after to moving to tempe and being fed up with la fitness.
The other trainers are all great, as well.
It's a great alternative to big crowded gyms.
I will never join a big gym again.
I've been a member at eos since they changed from gold's gym.
I heard about shine alternative fitness before it opened and was very excited about the concept.
Awesome gym and environment to work out in.
The trainers rock, they push you hard and actually care about your progress.
The best gym in southwest las vegas area.
Been going to lvac for 4 years prior to this gym.
Overall for the price this is a decent gym.
Expect a really packed gym during peak hours, but what's new?
Since this gym is fairly new it's pretty clean.
I started crossfit at this box almost 3 years ago to force some cardio into my workout routines.
I had been using free weights and machines for roughly 6 years before my start at crossfit.
This programming will truly help you meet your fitness goals.
Nice gym and very clean.
Would be nice to have heavier free weights and an actual squat rack for those who could use them.
Not to mention the fitness and better body.
This is my backup gym.
It's a old gym but there's charm in a place that is unpretentious.
But i don't pick a gym because it looks pretty.
I pick a gym to make me look better.
Weights are older and limited, but you will find everything you need for a good basic workout.
I like this gym.
I really like this gym and it has plenty of parking and not a busy parking lot either.
Greatest gym in pittsburgh!
I recommend this gym to my friends all the time.
This isn't your regular gym.
Facials and massages: facility is quite large and includes gym facility not pool unless you are a hotel guest.
Amenities are separated by two floors gym on the first and remaining services upstairs  3.
Started here as a small and personal gym and love the place.
All the people i have met have been great to help me achieve my weight and strength goals.
The class is broken out into cardio intervals, work at the barre and on the mat.
Love this gym in cave creek!
Thank you, cave creek fitness for sticking around our little town for so long!
You're not waiting endlessly for any machines or an area in free weights.
There is a certain level of camaraderie developed between you and your training partners.
She knows how to motivate, entertain and most important, train!
The cleanest, most friendly and best equipped gym in scottsdale.
Very inexpensive pricing, and they have tons of independent trainers that you can hire if you want for personal training.
Its a much see if you are shopping for a gym.
I have been seeing some bad reviews of this gym, which are completely ridiculous.
If you are looking for a gym that is quality, try this one out!
He is one of the personal trainers there and he trained me for my last fitness competition and i won!!!!!
Eos on durango definitely has superior employees and makes coming to the gym an incredible experience!!
This gym is better than the plot of phantom menace.
Passionate staff & trainers!
Compared to my home gym (goodlife eaton centre north), this one is 5 stars.
This gym tends to get below average reviews due to its size, cleanliness, and volume of equipment.
Having said that, this may be most people's worst gym.
However, this gym is actually my favorite.
This gym is full of regulars.
What i like most about this gym is that people are here to workout.
I do avoid this gym on monday and tuesday nights due to how crowded it can get.
Overall, gave this gym 4 stars because i'm able to get the type of workout i search for.
Just like any la fitness, this one is clean and has a variety of fitness gear.
The only difference with this la fitness is that there is a basketball court for members along with racquetball courts.
Plenty of parking spaces around the gym when it gets busy..
But most importantly, two air-conditioned fitness rooms with reformers, trx, bosu, cardio machines, pilates chairs, a cadillac, and props.
In addition to the group classes and private lessons, they also offer a teacher training program, and continuing ed courses.
The gym is centrally located with plenty of parking.
If you have specific questions for the trainers they are there to offer you guidance.
With that, i have been able to maintain my weight and physical appearance for over 2 years.
Justin is not just an owner of a gym trying to take your money, he is trying to help you.
La fitness is a great addition to the parma/brooklyn area!
There is also a gym (not full size) where pick up basketball was going on.
The multi level complex has new state of the art treadmills, bikes, cardio machines, step machines and weight machines.
Nearly all the cardio machines have tvs and places to plug in ipods.
They have a large free weight area and mat area equipped with medicine balls, foam rollers, workout balls, etc.
There are more than enough cardio machines, benches and squat racks - there's also a designated area for deadlifts.
According to the staff (who, on the whole, seem pretty friendly) the gym has better timings than goodlife.
That should probably be enough information to get a feel of what the gym is like.
I have been a member of lifetime fitness for 4 years.
During those years, the gym has increased prices without increasing my experiences.
What i found was a clean gym, new equipment, and a gym that was not packed.
Clean gym with lots of cardio equipment.
Best fitness ....i love this place        jungle james
I usually come to this gym late and i would always be greeted, especially by marc.
He is very knowledgeable about health and fitness.
Crossfit magna is more than just a gym.
Mad thanks to all of the trainers here for being absolutely amazing.
I like this gym.
My only complaint is they don't have some weights and also that the women's gym is tiny.
I'm a physical therapist and i highly recommend this gym for all ages, all fitness levels.
This gym is unlike any other.
Workouts are geared for your level of fitness which i like because i never feel i can't do something.
The gym is clean and well kept.
If your new to the workout world i suggest getting a trainer for the first year.
Thanks smart gym for your help!
This has been my favorite gym i have ever worked out in.
He's a straight up guy and won't hit you with any hidden fees like some other gyms.
I went for the first climbing time a couple weekends ago at the cleveland rock gym.
Great gym with experienced staff.
Such an awesome gym.
Plenty of cardio equipment as well as machines and free weights.
Best gym in pittsburgh!
All in one gym.
Large dumbbell rack, weights, cardio, smith machines, xl squat racks, spin, astro turf, lap pool, 1/2 bb court.
This is the best gym in scottsdale and probably in all of the phoenix area.
There's even a combative training center in the middle of the floor which looked like tons of fun.
Crossfit phx has quickly become more than... "just a gym membership" for me!
I am far closer to my goals than i ever was just "going to the gym."
We love this gym!
We have cheered at other gyms and nothing compares to omni.
Great gym if you go during off-peak hours.
Waits are long for machines and free weights in the evenings.
I recommend this gym for sure.
The gym also does lots of deals for newcomers and those who have never climbed before.
I've been training with elvira for several months.
We had a lot of fun training together and learnt a lot from her.
I knew from the beginning she's not only a trainer but also a nutritionist!
Their gym has just been remodeled and has a great lay out.
The trainers are helping with proper techniques and always motivating you.
Fitness center:  on the promenade floor.
There is seating area right outside the fitness center.
It's cheaper than hiring a personal trainer and i workout 10x then i ever would at a normal gym.
The trainers are encouraging and will correct your form if you aren't doing things correctly.
I'm not sure what all the griping about the actual gym is about.
I guess my one complaint, which isn't about the gym itself, is with some of the people who workout there.
Bottom line i have had a great experience and would recommend this gym to anyone.
The upstairs gym are is kind of cramped as well as the machines downstairs.
I have had nothing but a positive experience at this gym.
Mark was a great help in guiding me to set up a weight training program.
We've been to many gyms and nvg has the most value by far.
The gym is clean, spacious, and they know how to run a fantastic program.
Cleanest gym that i have ever entered, not a weight or accessory out of place.
Watch out for monthly special and holiday discounts, a must stop if you want an challenging, fun fitness.
Before i moved to chicago, this was my home gym.
The facility is clean, well put together, and had everything from cardio machines to squat racks.
The gym is so big that i rarely had to wait for machines or racks to workout.
What's in the facility: there are many cardio machines ranging from treadmills, ellipticals, stair masters, etc.
If you're in the area, i would definitely recommend this gym.
In all honesty, this class was an amazing workout combining cardio, toning, strength and core work.
That's enough to make it a pretty damn good gym already.
Who wants to pay a cancellation for a gym!?
You'll noticed quickly that yak's is a very special gym.
In many ways, yaks is head and shoulders above lvac and la fitness, both of which i am a member.
Yak's is by far the nicest gym i have ever been to.
All of the people at the front desk care about the up keep of the gym and the members.
The instructors are all really good and i think it's one of the strengths of this gym.
I will never buy another gym membership again!!
Working out... no guys flexing and taking pics in this gym!
This is a nice little gym.
I like the fact that there are rarely many people in the gym which allows a quick in and out.
The club offers a wide range of both male and female trainers.
The trainers all have different personalities and teaching styles which keeps it interesting.
I recently just started one on one circuit training sessions, these are intense and even more challenging than the classes.
The energy is great there and all of the trainers are very helpful.
I drive past two other bjj schools to train with jay and his students.
Hidden at the top of a windy hill, this place is the epitome of of gritty, down-to-earth fitness.
Drop in classes are only $7, which is less than many fitness centers' package classes.
Leaving orange theory fitness and joining field fit is the best "gym, fitness, healthy" decision i have made.
(i like most of their- (otf)- trainers too, but workouts became boring and hamster wheel like).
All the trainers at ff know what they are doing.
They know fitness, how to work with an injury,  and help you work towards your goals--not a generic one.
You work-out at your leisure with a trainer as if it were your own personal trainer.
I use to go here when it was dynamic fitness and i thought it was great then.
Lee is a phenomenal trainer (and hilarious!)
I always "feel the burn" when i attend and really enjoy working out outside of the gym.
Good for beginners up to advanced training.
No reviews on this cool litle gym yet?
I have trained with each trainer at least once, and they are all good,  friendly,  and knowledgeable.
The gym itself is small, but it has everything needed to get in a varied workout.
Free weights, kettlebells, machines, etc...it's all there.
Makes for a much better experience than going to a big box gym.
The most important thing is that the trainers provide effective workouts.
Don't tell my trainers, though.
Can't wait to be on and confident on my fitness tip.
From the cleaning crew to the trainers they are some of the friendliest people!
I thought i would have to head home and miss a gym day.
Then one of the trainers offered to watch my son at his desk so i could work out!
This is a great gym.
I have seen many gyms across the globe, and this is one of my favorites.
The richmond hill 'my gym' has been a wonderful experience.
The teachers will allocate a portion of the class to stretching, gymnastics, skill building and team work.
What really makes 'my gym' so amazing is teachers, kristina and alicia.
They are the reason you should go to richmond hill 'my gym'!
This is one of the best gyms i have dropped into!
I mainly go for classes but when i venture out into the gym i have no issues using equipment!
It's only $10 a month to enjoy the gym!
Best gym in town.
This is by far the best gym i've ever been a member of!!
The owners are the nicest and most knowledgeable fitness instructors i've ever had the pleasure of doing business with!
Clean and up to date, i am so happy i found this las vegas gem of a gym!
Great gym, great equipment, and awesome/friendly staff.
Best gym in arizona.
The coaches are great and make the gym feel like home.
I absolutely love this gym!
And the trainers really rock!
I had a back injury and they modified my workouts so that i didn't strain my back.
The trainers working at this location are amazing.
The $130 initial sign up fee still makes this gym much cheaper than others.
The gym is set up well.
Cardio as soon as you come out of the locker room.
Next room free weights and abs.
I strongly suggest that you drop by the gym and see for yourself.
Best crossfit gym in the valley hands down!
How can  i complain though la fitness blows aside from basketball.
The team of trainers, most importantly ryan really want you to succeed.
Crossfit phx is an excellent gym with great staff and an even more amazing community.
Then this is the gym for you.
I recommend this gym to the ones who are really dedicated to changing their life for the better.
This gym doesn't have judging eyes or laughter like those franchise "richard simmons" gyms claim they do.
I highly recommend this gym as a true place to be inspired for greatness.
Trying to be and this gym actually makes me want to come.
Most gyms sign you up and forget about you.
Recently moved to las vegas from miami, and was researching  for a new gym when i came across this gem.
If you're in search of a new gym you gotta check this place out its worth it!
Title has a great atmosphere and plenty of options when it comes to training levels.
So i took the plunge and joined a gym.
There might be better gyms out there but fuck em sideways cuz i'm staying here.
: awesome gym with awesome facilities and even more awesomer people employees.
* is it legal to use common expressions that incorporate fatty treats to describe a gym?
Some of the cardio equipment doesn't have tvs but it doesn't bother me, since i listen to music.
It's a gym, a planet fitness no less, what do you want?
Clean, plenty of machines for cardio and weights and a well appointed free weight area.
So happy unlv has a beautiful, new gym.
This gym/rec center is 5 stories high.
If you attend unlv i definitely definitely recommend to take advantage of this free gym.
Best trainer i've had yet if results are what you want go see terry and it's affordable...
I've been training at spot for 2.5 years not to lose weight but to get and stay shredded..
Don't expect a bunch of machines and cardio equipment.
As a member of the 24 hour fitness on 32nd and camleback, this is like working out in the future.
I mean, a gym that has a bar in it?
Kids eating french fries on the carpet outside the weight room?
If you want to do some serious weight training then expect to use machines.
While they do have a decent free weight area it's just too small.
The trainer staff is nice enough but aren't really cued into the basic gym etiquette.
I really enjoy the circuit training classes with shannon and susan.
We do 2-3 rounds of the stations with some in between breaks for cardio exercises.
My father had weight issues for years and this has been the only thing that has worked for him.
Their work out program is great for those who struggle with weight issues, and they also help with diet.
So whatever your fitness goals are, i think physix is a great place for you.
I recommend visiting this gym.
I was in toronto for two months over the summer and wanted to join a gym short-term.
The gym feels "industrial" and has no ac (but has large fans).
It definitely feels like it was a large warehouse turned into a gym...
I currently am a member of independence gym and eos fitness.
That said, it's undeniable if you are serious about bodybuilding or a personal trainer like myself.
Makbody.com a personal training group
After an 8pm workout sesh i fell in love, no not for the trainers but with the work out!
The cardio machines have tvs in them so you can watch shows while you work out!
Danny is not only a trainer with an impressive background, he is a motivator and an inspiration.
If you're looking for a trainer, look no further!
You can tell his passion is to help others achieve their personal fitness goals.
I'm fully supported by every trainer and all the other members of the gym; it's a family really.
The gym equipment was really good,  most of them were new instruments.
Very happy that i found this gym.
Best professional bodybuilding gym in phoenix!
I love everything about this gym.
This gym is exactly what i need and is never crowded so i get the best out of my workout.
This gym is not your usual big and fancy name brand gym; it's better.
Actually, i've only seen probably 12 people max in the gym.
How the gym manages to minimize wait times is they pack plenty of machines inside.
They also offer personal training, which you can also check out on your website.
And i'd loss weight.
Raw fitness is not the cheapest place around by any means.
I joined this gym online.
The gym is being renovated and it's all pulled apart in the corner.
That being said, the lady at the front desk was extremely friendly and gave me a gym tour.
Tons of cardio equipment, very little free weights.
Great gym for people that are new to fitness.
I have a membership at anytime fitness also; and i train in powerlifting there so i'm familiar with "standard" gyms.
First impressions of west mifflin planet fitness are.
My typical routine is lift/cardio, and the gym is worth it just for that.
Dropped in at this gym yesterday.
Every single trainer here is amazing and pushes you when you don't think you could go any further.
Highly recommend this for anyone looking for group personal training at a great price!
A gym i will recommend to all my family and friends!!
Free weights, cardio, hyrdo massage, one on one training, and a great group training class.
Must try this gym!
The clientele covers all ages but not mobs of college students like many gyms.
There are plenty of cardio machines (treadmills, elipticals, cycles, etc.
The weight machines cover the entire body.
Free weights are ample.
There is a plethora of classes to take for cardio, strength, and mind/body, as well as cooking.
This is a great facility at which to work towards health and fitness goals.
It's not smelly like most gyms.
Paying just a liiiiiiiitle bit more than what i was paying at planet fitness.
I love to stay active but get bored of the normal gym.
The personal trainers are great here and friendly.
So i am older, never really been a fitness junkie.
I was a little concerned being that my fitness level is pretty low and my age.
Nice new clean gym.
Very clean and affordable... a terrific gym!
I love the size of the gym and the equipment is all in good condition and clean.
Love this westside gym.
Thanks la fitness for being you.
It is hard to believe the gym is over 15 years old as it is very well maintained and managed.
They just replaced most of the cardio equipment to include all of the treadmills.
It is nice to know the gym keeps up with their capital improvement projects on a consistent basis.
I visit this planet fitness when i'm in charlotte.
Great layout for the gym and the staff is nice.
I think the area for the free weights and dumbbells is a little small.
Club sar is absolutely the best gym (for the money) in the valley.
The mma classes there are top notch, and the cardio kickboxing is better than any i've ever taken anywhere.
The gym is incredibly clean, well-stocked with top notch equipment, and the clientel makes he experience even better.
After checking out some other chain gyms in the area, i found everything i wanted in yak's.
You can tell they care about people's fitness commitments rather than just making money off people, and it is refreshing.
One of my favorites places  introducing my son to work out  the entire gym is squeaky clean  awesome staff!
The layout of the gym impressed me the most.
Great gym very happy with it , clean and good mix of machines and free weights .
Affordable monthly cost out of all the other gyms , oh they make it easy to cancel membership .
The gym is clean and organized.
Candy and pizza does not promote health and fitness.
It's never packed like some other gyms i've been to.
Glad i found yak's fitness!
I have trained at boxes in pennsylvania, arizona, connecticut, new york city, utah and colorado.
With that said, crossfit full strength is the best box i've ever trained at.
The programming is on point if you are looking for a balance of strength training and conditioning.
The trainers are competitive crossfitters and, as such, have insight into what works for progressive strength gains.
The trainers and employees are also very nice and very personable.
First off this gym is packed because it's awesome.
It's the cleanest gym i've been in and it's bright.
Every person looks for something specific in the gym the go to.
I've been to gold's, 24-hour fitness and  all the lvac's in town.
By far eos is my favorite gym.
That being said i feel like real traditional weight lifters might not like it as much.
They have everything a normal gym has, but it's such a nice-new facility and the staff is so awesome.
Just joined this gym.
This was the hardest for me when trying other gyms or workout plans.
Gym and staff is great.
Great little gym with personal training, small group personal training, and classes.
I've taken a hiit crossfit type class here, but what sets it apart is the knowledge of the trainers.
I was warming up, and the trainer made some awesome suggestions.
It's definitely the best gym in pittsburgh in my opinion.
I also really like that this gym never gets too crowded.
Or i would never choose any other gym in the area over x shadyside.
Thank you for providing such a great gym!
Gorgeous five-story gym with everything a gym rat could desire.
They have free weights, machines, spin classes, pools.
If you meet him at eos fitness he can assist you and show you how to use the machines.
Visited town and wanted more than hotel gym.
Just started this gym a week and man oh man i am sore but that is okay.
Love everything about this place, especially the staff and trainers!
Only issue i've noticed is the weight plates starting to get mixed up and out of order.
I never thought i would say this but...i love my gym.
Oh, and it's clean, which is huge in the wide world of gyms.
The trainers give a damn and give you the shit you deserve to motivate you haha.
Hands down best crosfit gym in las vegas in my opinion.
From the high technology & equipment they offer to the cleanness of they gym.
Not to mention the well train and knowledgeable coaches that go above and beyond for the athletes.
I would most definitely always recommend this crossfit gym to everyone.
Initially, not being a gym person, it was the awesome childcare that hooked me.
***large gym (newly renovated) *** yoga studio  ***several pools, 2 hot tubs, steam room, showers, lockers.
***helpful and well trained staff.
***top notch fitness instructors.
***variety of fitness classes from morning to night.
***registered classes and personal training available.
Defiantly a lifters gym.
I've been training with the head instructor joao viera for 3 years now and i couldn't imagine a better team.
Super cheap memberships- and the trainers/staff don't bother you at all, which is nice.
I really enjoy this gym, mainly because it is nearly almost always empty.
I am kicking myself for not joining this gym sooner!
Gym schedule, as i said, is crazy awesome: morning, daytime, afternoon, and evening classes available.
Love love love this gym!
Sean the sales manager set me up with a personal trainer, emanuel, and i am so happy!
I hope this gym is around forever :) i'm hooked!
After working out at home, i decided to join the gym by my house.
The fitness director, q, showed me the ropes today.
Eric the personal trainer here is very personable.
Definitely recommend this gym and trainer!
I've been to a few other gyms but this place is by far the best.
The best gym in vegas.
Finally moved to north scottsdale and had a chance to check out maximum fitness.
I lost my fitness mojo from thanksgiving to christmas.
You'll even get in some cardio.
I go during the daytime & i never run into any issues with the gym being to crowded.
My son actually has been training brazilian jiu jitsu with professor joao for over 3 years consecutively.
After his six month was up we definitely wanted to keep training.
As a parent, it's exciting to see your child really wanting to stay committed and genuinely want to keep training.
It was very intimidating to me as those weights looked heavy and i'd never trained in that type of environment.
I was used to more of a light fitness not so much weights.
Trainer, eric brandel and the group i train with are awesome.
Great staff brandon excellent service nice environment recommend this best gym ever!
Love the gym and the environment here!
The gym offers some great classes at no additional cost, definitely worth checking out.
On the left, there's the gym.
Also, you get to use the gym and spa all day so you can come back later that day.
It is a small gym with a lot to offer.
Everyone from the owner to the trainers treat you like family.
Pretty much the best gym ever!
Better than the taylor swift they play at the other gym!
I also noticed everyone wiping down the benches/machines after they used them and re-racking all their weights.
This is a great locally owned gym with nice owners that i glad i found.
I came upon yak's fitness, down the road from rhodes ranch, and decided to try the place out.
There were machines, free weights, and all the cardio machines; treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, etc.
I love this gym!
The gym can get pretty busy during peak hours but anneasha & sydney l. are great!
They have a deal with a free week trial right now with one free trainer session.
The first thing one notices when pulling up to the gym is the plentiful and spacious parking.
Overall the gym is good and well worth a membership!
The gym was really spacious and had all the latest, brand new machines.
For all ages, and any fitness level.
I love their cardio theater!
You can watch a movie and get cardio done when there's a good movie playing.
I like that the showers are enclosed instead of open like other gyms.
Nice cozy gym with all the bells and whistles!
No contracts, no hidden fees, and everything a gym should be.
I've been attending this gym since march, and i'm very pleased!
I've actually never been as satisfied with a gym.
There's a wide range of machines, & lots of free weights.
So, yeah, it's cool to see them actually put money back into the gym.
All in all, a great gym for a great price!
You will not find another gym that will care for you more!
I love this gym i have been a member for many years.
The trainers top notch!!
Relatively new member (45 days), but have been impressed with the range of weight training and cardio equipment.
The trainer is hard but fair, the people are friendly, and the music is always great!
I have been training here for several months now and i really love this gym.
The gym is kept immaculate   clean.
The owner chris is the nicest guy and very knowledgable with weight training.
Yaks has a highly class gym feel but in a smaller more boutique venue.
This place is a great workout sanctuary for people who don't want to deal with the mega-gym's.
The gym itself is clean and full of any piece of equipment i'd need.
I've been a member of planet fitness off and on since '07 and moving to charlotte.
I won't mention free pizza notes and free bagels mornings, which are a basic staple of the planet fitness chain.
I've joined gyms before, but nothing like this.
I couldn't have picked a better gym, or group of people to work out with.
My plan is to loose the weight, start jogging and get back into mountain bike riding.
Coming from an athletic background gyms have always been a usual place for me to be.
The atmosphere in this gym is unlike any other place.
These trainers know the body.
It's so great being able to train under such knowledgable people in the industry and the fitness community.
I have been training personally with kelsey for 2 months now.
And i thank all the trainers (jd, nick, amy, mimi and kelsey) for supporting me during this journey.
For anyone wanting to lose weight, get back in shape, gain confidence i highly recommend kelsey.
This gym changed my life and it's because of the people that have dedicated their lives to making others better.
I checked out a couple of other gyms but, no where else compared.
Who truly love their gym & the people who join.
They have all the cardio you could possibly need.
Living nearby, i waited for what seemed like an eternity for la fitness to open.
Enough machines for everyone and a variety of areas designated for cardio, stretching and weights.
Only $10 a month or $20 if you want massage chairs and an extra functional fitness room.
All the trainers/instructors are fantastic.
Cardio along with weight training will push you to he limit but it's worth it!
It is pricier than a gym but if you actually go then it is worth it.
Not only is she a knowledgeable trainer, but she is a joy to be around!!
4 yrs later, i still look forward to training with her.
The trainers are humble, genuinely kind people.
Very nice gym in the heart of shadyside.
I think this gym here at the aria is the biggest hotel gym i've visited.
Hands down best fitness experience of my life.
Initially skeptical (and intimidated), i tried gym via groupon.
As fitness novice, their coaching team guided me thru all the ups & downs of cf training.
The other thing that sets this box (that's gym in crossfit lingo) apart is the coaches.
No doubt, the best gym on the planet.
I worked here for a few years and still come to the gym anytime i'm in town.
No gym i've ever been at even compares.
This post is for the gym.
Go past the spa and you will see the clear gym.
It's spacious and tons of machines for cardio.
Definitely a great place to get your fitness on between grubbin at the buffets ;)
I've been a member of this gym for over 2 years now.
My personal trainer rachel has been so amazing.
She's taught me so much about fitness.
I love this gym!
I love the fitness center the staff are very nice they make you feel welcome they gym have new equipment.
I just joined i love it thanks fitness center for making me feel welcome here...
Everything you could really want, circuit stuff, lots of cardio machines, free weights, and the usual selection of resistance.
All in all though, highly recommend this anytime fitness location.
What a great training facility!
I having nothing but good things to say about this gym!
All the trainers are very personable and very  knowledgeable.
It's not the same old thing everyday training wise they mix it up.
I love this gym!
I can get in and get out without all the hassle like the other big named gyms out here!
Cleanest gym in las vegas or actually cleanest gym i've ever been to!!
I love this gym, in comparison to a anytime fitness - i would choose planet fitness any day.
The facility itself is very nice, machines are all operable, plenty of help from staff and trainer consulting.
My favorite feature is the cardio cinema.
I appreciate that kind of wisdom in a gym.
This gym is great.
I mostly used the cardio equipment which there is a lot of.
This is my neighborhood go to drop in gym.
I love all the trainers, they make you feel welcomed & comfortable.
The gym is like its own family.
Best gyms in the valley!
Get a membership before they start raising the prices because it's too good of a gym to not increase rates.
I had no idea this gym was here until recently when i began looking for a new gym.
I cannot believe i have not heard of this gym yet!
If you are looking to kick your fitness routine up a few (or many) notches....then this is it!
There are several mma pro fighters that train at this gym and there are numerous mma classes.
As for the gym portion, they have machines i've never seen before.
If you are looking for a gym that mixes it up and will challenge you, then this is the one!
In addition to classes, nvg offers two open gym options for toddlers and preschoolers during the week.
If you are in north phoenix, i would strongly recommend this gym.
Coaches can make or break a gymnastics class, and the ones we've had at nvg have been excellent.
The trainers and staff is great!
Every trainer there is awesome, friendly & motivating.
It's not the cheapest gym but it's comparable pricing to a crossfit gym but way better.
They're worth a visit and inquire about their fitness challenge or a free class to test the waters.
Though i can't speak as to the spa side, this place is almost worthy of being called the perfect gym.
If i still lived in this neighborhood, this would undoubtedly still be my gym of choice.
I love the trainers they encourage you throughout the whole workout , and the price is actually decent .
They have a few different options to meet your budget and also how seriously you want to take your fitness.
I took the raw fitness 20lb challenge and it was a life changer!
I was coming from a gym with lots of open rooms, and this gym is totally divided into sections.
Still i joined, and dropped a ton of dough on personal training (gah!
Despite the bad rap that some big gyms get, the staff here are great.
I have an awesome trainer nick who can deal with me complaining and being feisty with him.
The gym itself is my lunchtime haven.
Weekends are tattoo time, it must be when all the liberty village peeps make their way to the gym.
I actually love the gym now.
Love love this gym!!
I like their pilates, ballet booty, swan arms, barre fit, african cardio, and ballet boxing the best.
Great gym with very nice staff, especially daniel late at night, and very generous hours.
Weight room upstairs is large and also full of equipment.
Upon initial investigation of crossfit gyms, i emailed several places hoping to drop in at a few.
They really care about your fitness goals and helping you get there.
I love this place no pressure membership or personal training.
It has a women's only area, and area for people with personal training.
And it has ample parking, a pool, basketball court, and lots of cardio machines.
If you're looking for an inexpensive gym in scottsdale, they can go month to month or for the year.
I was here for awhile as i was a gym hobo.
I ended up needing more space...and too be honest i was lifting too more weight than they had bumper plates.
I love how i can see the progress in my strength and cardio that i never had before.
Studio: beautiful boutique fitness/ballet space.
Verdict: the studio & workout is a great addition to the fitness community in toronto.
If you are interested in bjj, mma, or just working out, this is the gym you want to join.
The vibe here is awesome, no aggressive meatheads, but rather training partners that actually care about your progress.
I have been with smartgym for almost two years.
I just had my first personal training session with gage.
I attended a zumba class at this gym.
We went to golds gym, la fitness and lifetime fitness...
No rage people working out, high class gym.
I owe my motivation and where i am today because of the gym and the workouts.
I definitely recommend this gym to everyone!!!
He is dedicated, motivated and passionate about his work and it all shows in way he trains.
He goes above and beyond and will defiantly get you to your fitness goals!!!!
This gym is more like a club where everyone is fashionably dressed and mostly yuppie hipster crowd.
First, do you want a fitness centre or a traditional gym?
And there really aren't many "gyms" in nc let alone charlotte.
Overall it's a pretty good gym.
I have found the coaches at north valley gymnastics to be among the very best.
I have been to gyms in the past they are about the same.
She will have you moving and kissing weight in no time!
The fitness center is very nice, clean and everyone has great customer service.
For only $10 a month i think this gym is a good value compared to others in the area.
It has everything i want in a gym.
Like i said, pretty much everything i want in a gym.
This place is literally my second home and favorite gym i've ever been to!
David and chris are such amazing trainers-id  start with one of their classes if you want a toosh-kicking workout!
I love this gym!
I bought sessions to use now since i go to other gyms too.
Excellent gym if you want to get results.
All of the trainers are knowledgeable and in shape (one of the first things i look at in gym trainers).
The gym is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly.
One of the best things about this gym is that it's open 24/7 during the week.
If you're looking for a great gym, with great staff and a motivational workout environment, this is the spot.
I train with jamil.
Nick is an excellent trainer, very patient but also keeps things challenging.
I've visited alot of gyms and this one is my favorite by far!
Open gym is supplied with plenty of equipment so there is never a wait.
One of the best qualities about this gym is it's very clean!
I highly recommend this gym to anyone in the area!
Now it feels like a real gym!
Weight areas are nice too.
I will say though, after my 3rd visit, i was contacted by a trainer.
I had to put up with this at la fitness as well.
I want to go to the gym free of pressure from trainers hovering.
I hope they will eventually understand i don't want their training service (even if it's free!).
We can always find a machine and the gym is always clean.
This is absolutely my favorite gym ever created.
The fact that you get to work with a trainer everyday is awesome!
Love love love the spin classes and instructors at smartgym scottsdale and the xgt classes are an added bonus!
Great gym for a great price!
Nick provides great customer service and every time i go to the gym he always says hi which i appreciate.
The owners of the gym chris and shelly are very nice and personable.
I recommend this gym to everyone.
I have been a member to lifetime, la fitness, planet fitness, and others.
I have had a couple different personnel trainers at most of those gyms too.
By far, field fit is the best gym for reaching your fitness goals.
Ryan, jordan, and kelli have all been my trainers so far and they all have been outstanding.
Finally, on a spontaneous sunday i went to their intro to aerial fitness class and absolutely loved it.
They offer a diverse selection of fitness/specialty classes.
Every instructor is trained, educated, and passionate so you know you're in good hands.
This gym is fantastic.
I have multiple gym memberships, yaks is my go to place to train.
I have trained at a lot of gyms in vegas but i really like this eos fitness on durango!
She was only getting scores of 32 out of 40 at old gym.
I promise if your daughter loves gymnatics bring her here and sit back and watch.
It feels like home and this gym made moving to a new city and finding friends very easy.
The gym is ridiculous clean including the bathrooms to change in.
I can call this box/gym a second home and i love it.
Awesome cardio machines with tvs, fans, and iphone/ipod chargers on them.
The weight machines are new and well cleaned.
Whoever came up with the business model of this gym is a genius.
As stated in earlier reviews somehow this gym doesn't get overly busy.
Equipment is fairly good, the gym is clean and staff has been consistently friendly to me.
I would definitely recommend this gym and drop your current one.
Perfect gym to get in and workout.
Like a crossfit gym without the price and always open.
Seriously check this gym out!!!
We are visiting out of town and chris totally welcomed us into the gym with an affordable week's past.
The gym is clean and modern...with all working equipment.
They also had good music playing, which seems to be a rarity at must gyms these day.
The gym and i have a love hate relationship that i'm sure many of you can relate to.
Tons of treadmills and elipticals, weight lifting areas and machines for legs arms and abs.
Also you can sign up for a personal training session or a session with other people as well.
Amazing gym, clean and very professional staff, sadly one of the owners passed away wes will be missed dearly.
Jose has been my trainer for a few months now.
On top of that the gym has a great atmosphere!
Looking for a fun fast paced driven gym to workout at !?
Best thing i ever did for myself was joining a gym !
The staff were so well trained and really good at handling kids.
Great service, great gym, loved the experiential rooms, salt room and the heated slab room and the outdoor jacuzzi ...
Super affordable gym, no frills...no i do not need my dry-cleaning sent out when i check in at a gym.
How does one train to correct a corps?
My sons and i used the weight room/training areas for a week while we were in town.
Best mma gym in ohio for a reason!
The trainers will take good care for you.
Just being in the gym will motivate you even more.
I've also taken a couple of fitness boxing classes, and those will kick your butt.
If you're looking for a great cardio workout, i highly suggest taking a boxing class.
Like no other gym around!!
There is also a training studio with some unique peices of equipment to use as well.
That was almost a year ago and i can't imagine ever going back to a 'regular' gym.
Aaron truly cares and is genuine in helping others with their fitness goals.
Facility is much closer than any other gym and has plenty enough to attain your goals.
Blessed to have this gym.
This is the by far the best gym i've ever worked out at!
I've probably been a member of over 15 gyms and smart gym blows them all out of the water.
I've tried a variety of gyms and workouts in the past but fieldfit is definitely my favorite by far.
I also love all of the trainers i work with - ryan, kelli and jordan.
For a fraction of what you would pay a personal trainer you get unlimited classes.
Whenever i'm here, i always see a myriad of people taking personal training classes on the floor.
Bring your own lock, grab a gym buddy, and start getting fit!
Only downside is this gym can get packed during rush hour when everyone is out of school/work.
John has been my trainer since nov of last year and he has changed my life.
He is an amazing trainer who knows how to sculp my body.
Each training session is one hour long and worth every minute and cost effective too.
I am very grateful that you are my trainer.
Decent gym with relatively available equipment.
Lacks a decline bench however and the free weight section can be a bit cramped.
Trainers are always on the floor but are cool with sharing equipment.
Used this gym while staying at the palomar hotel and was pleasantly surprised.
If i lived or worked in the area, i'd definitely make this my home gym.
I train clients at this state of the art facility who are serious about their health and fitness goals.
This gym has everything for beginners all the way up to professional athletes.
It has a lot of equipment you won't see at most gyms, such as giant tires, astroturf and sleds.
Often there may only be another trainer and their client.
The trainers are all very good, and the staff all very friendly in general.
Played squash, basketball, did some cardio, and of course, relaxed in the swimming pool.
Hands down favorite gym i've joined!!
Definitely my favorite la fitness set up in the valley.
A great gym with fun people and killer workout!
The programming is well balanced and my fitness is improving daily!
This place is a hidden gym and i highly recommend it to anyone interested in pole dancing or aerial silks.
Well what can i say, it's a pretty nice gym!
I love how it's clean and the women's locker room doesn't smell sweaty like the previous gyms i've been to.
Like every other gym, it's always busy between 5-7pm.
This gym does have a lot dudes.
But i think my favorite part of the gym is the cinema room.
No sweat marks compared to lvac and 24 hour fitness!
Service at the gym was amazing!
If you are looking for a great variety of fitness classes, the lakewood y is your place.
Awesome gym great atmosphere friendly staff and members.
Antonio is who signed me up and i'm glad he did i love this gym
X shadyside is a great gym!
I joined smart gym when it first opened and then later convinced my husband to join.
We were coming over from lifetime fitness (all the bells and whistles and fees that go along with that!).
Overall, we have been really happy with the smart gym.
The gym does have a pool now, and a sauna, and a hot tub.
I really enjoy this place and all of the trainers and the workouts!
At one point along the way i decided to try personal training.
In the past i would push myself and i tried to find good counsel and motivation in trainers.
I was training with someone that wasn't afraid to judge me and tell me how it is.
Core fitness bootcamp has helped me lose weight, gain sustainable energy, and strengthen my body.
I would recommend this program for anyone, regardless of age or fitness level.
I liked this gym a lot, plenty of equipment and what i liked best was that it wasn't all cardio.
Plenty of weights, a green area to sprint, lunge, tire flip etc.
Bands, kettle bells, weighted balls, free weights everything i would need.
When i first  entered the area consisted of basic gym equipment, cardio and weight machines.
But that leads in a larger type warehouse space with a turf area, free weights, squat rack, bars, etc.
It was a challenging workout but they offered modifications for all fitness levels.
Both trainers were excellent and this is one of the cleanest gyms i've been in.
The gym is first class and ran very well by knowledgeable and friendly coaches.
I have never seen a gym with as much of a community aspect as this one has.
I'm not a gym rat in any sense of the phrase.
I'm just a regular josephine who goes to the gym as much as possible to feel less like crap.
Good gym, fair monthly price.
Just had an evaluation and training session with q.
It's up to you to get up and go to the gym!
Keeping it fun and matching not only your fitness level but also what your body can do.
Crossfit full strength is such a fantastic crossfit gym!
Classes use weights and mats, both of which they have there, but you can also byo.
Lee, the head trainer, is wonderful.
He makes work-outs fun and he's completely knowledgeable about fitness.
She works you out with weights.
Great collection of weightlifting and cardio equipment.
This gym also has drinks and snacks for sale.
The equipment is a little older than some gyms, but seems well maintained.
The gym keeps a plethora of spray bottles and towels handle to wipe down what you've used.
While traveling for business, i dropped into a class after a training run in the neighborhood.
It was like an extension of my hometown crossfit gym.
Great work out with trainer ryan.
It's the nicest, cleanest gym in or around downtown phoenix.
And because it's new (and probably because it's not cheap), it's less-crowded than any gym in or around downtown phoenix.
There's a cardio theater, tons of class options, and virtually every cardio machine has its own tv.
I'm training with jake, who is a former div-i football player and a heckuva nice guy.
The trainers are awesome and they motivate you to keep going.
Provides you with everything you need for fitness, only drawback is it is crowed most of the time.
Plus for  having trainers on site
I have tried other crossfit gyms in the area and rate this one high on my list!
Second, all the classes, except for trx and personal training, are free.
They offer an extensive list of classes, with some highly motivational and committed trainers.
They've got free weights, kettlebells, machines, elliptical, stairmasters, etc...
Most of their cardio machines also allow you to plug in your headphones to watch tv.
I currently am a member of independence gym and eos fitness.
That said, it's undeniable if you are serious about bodybuilding or a personal trainer like myself.
I do think the staff could be better at offering a tour or orientation to the gym.
The gym could be taken up a notch with some more professional staff.
All group workouts, amazing trainers, super cool community of regulars.
I discovered orangetheory fitness while looking for a gym/exercise class that was convenient to my work.
This particularly appeals to the science nerd/fitness geek in me.
Also, the trainers/instructors are all awesome.
Planet fitness is for the fat ass not trying to be a fat ass anymore.
I'm fat because i've lifted more beers, cupcakes, and pizza slices than weights in my life.
Plus you can't preach acceptance and then have a "lunk alarm" for when people start grunting and slamming weights.
Solid starter gym though, and those hydro massage tables....beautiful.
This is a neighborhood gym.
The trainers are each talented in their own way.
If you are serious about training this is your place.
Open concept, lots of windows that allow a ton of natural light to enter the gym.
Plenty of free weights with many pulley machines, and a specific 'leg' area for deadlift and squat.
They even gave me a discount for the monthly membership fees of my old gym.
I've played high school and college athletics, so i've been in weight rooms since i was young...
If you're out on the west side of madison, and looking for a gym, you should check it out.
The crowd is mostly elderly and very rarely does anyone use the weight room.
It is a good alternative to system fitness if you're looking for a small, not-crowded gym with the standard accoutrements.
I would highly recommend this gym to anybody.
Also the fitness center looked great!
This is hands down the cleanest gym with the friendliest staff in all of las vegas.
You will not find a cleaner gym or better prices anywhere else in vegas.
If you too are tired of big box bargain gyms with heavy crowds and ridiculous pricing check this place out.
I love this gym!
This place is the most organized and clean fitness center.
Thank you  - great workout -- chris is a knowledgable trainer.
I researched various trainers and gyms in the phoenix area.
Fitness even though it was close because of their nasty sales techniques.
The planet fitness by me is in a sketchy area.
I wanted to get some personal training because i had no idea what i was doing.
The personal training is expensive.
And - that slimy contracting agreement style that gyms have did appear here.
So - it's not completely devoid of typical gym practices but here's the bottom line...
My trainer is perfect and has a really good attitude about the fact that i can barely lift anything.
It really seems like a good mix of "regular people" and more serious weightlifter types.
Ok, i don't think i could dive into that free weight area just yet.
Looking for a basic gym in this area - pick this one!
It really helps me to get to the next level on my personal fitness!!!
Gym 5, staff 5, occupancy 2.5.
Showed me around and we had a little chat about diet, gym exercises, etc.
On that area there's plenty of things to do, tire flip, trx cables, weight sled.
But there's always gonna be those gym bros that will leave a bench all sweaty and ick!
I mean every gym has that.
Overall if you have time to go on a slow time, then this gym for me is a hit!
So far this gym hasn't been too busy, i've never had to wait for a machine.
On the bright side maybe it will finally spur me to learn more about free weights.
I absolutely love this gym!
Ot is just what i needed to get on track with my fitness program!
Every trainer i've had has been motivating and fun..yes fun!
Great location, clean and tidy gym.
This gym is a nice place to bring your children!
Fantastic staff and great trainers.
For non-students looking for an awesome local gym, this could very well be the best kept secret in town!
From there, it's an easy and direct walk to the fitness center by cutting across the catholic center parking lot...
The brampton crossfit coaches are amazing trainers.
Cool gym, right down the street from me so i figured why not.
Their memberships were on sale so i got one and so far i like the gym.
They have plenty of smith machines (usually 2 of each) and lots of free weights.
I really like this gym overal very clean and fun.
This is my second crossfit gym and they definitely epitomize the team environment.
Thank you sara, the manager who assist me, for this personal training.
I love bodysport fitness (especially owner/trainer mel fabros).
Mel is the best and bodysport is a great gym for training.
I did my research and visited a number of gyms (lvac, eos, lifetime, etc.).
Yak's fitness is bar none the best one i've seen as far as equipment and cleanliness.
Amazing gym and incredible people to be around.
On may 28th it will be 1 year since i started working with laurence at fitness together.
Laurence listened intently to what my health and fitness goals were and has been such a motivator and coach.
Brandon, the fitness counselor, did such a great job assisting me with my membership set-up.
I'm looking forward to my fitness journey here at my new home gym.
This is personal group training, so you get more attention than you normally would at a larger gym.
So great to have this fitness center within walking distance of our home.
My husband is in the best shape ever, attending group classes and working with a trainer, jerry.
I love love love coming to fierce fitness for zumba.
Best gym in rock hill.
The best fitness facility that i have seen in the entire phoenix location!!
There are also basketball courts and spin classes and a brand new hiit studio for high intensity training!!!
This gym is a must see!!
The trainers there are all highly skilled and have a huge background with giving members great results!
I was not expecting "the best" of conditions because some 24 hour fitness locations can be a total let-down.
The only thing i would change is the size of the tvs in the cardio area.
Thankfully, i have cleaned up my own training and am fortunate that i did not sustain any permanent injuries.
In all honesty, i wish more people would discover his website not only for improving fitness but safety.
Ryan's philosophy is that you don't have to destroy yourself in the gym every day and with the wrong excercises.
I've never found a gym that i can consistently go to, but wow!
Definitely recommend ace fitness to others who are looking to lose some weight or just tone up, amazing results.
I have been a member of planet fitness for about 5 months now, and i really do enjoy it!
For the record, i don't care much for screens at gyms.
It annoys me but not as much as the planet fitness hypocrisy creed.
Not to mention a very nice facility where you can lift weights, shoot hoops, and also run around a track.
Will go again-   happy to see smart gyms and xgt concept expanding in phoenix-  good luck!
Amazing workout and the trainers are phenomenal.
Had my first workout at crunch after being a lifetime fitness member for 14 years.
I'm glad i made the move from lifetime and found a new gym home.
It feels more like a gym atmosphere as opposed to a country club like lifetime did.
What an amazing gym,family, and support team!
This really is the greatest gym.
I really like working out here- probably the best gym in the area.
Also, i think it's the only gym in vegas that has kettle bells.
As soon as i walked in i was greeted by the owner who showed me around the gym.
One thing about this gym is there are no start up fees!!!
Just $25 a month and you get a free training session when you sign up!
I didn't even look at any other gyms.
This is also a pretty clean gym, which is important to me.
These group fitness classes are amazing!
Also does personal training, which is awesome!
Because of you all, i'm finally seeing results and i'm closer than ever to reaching my fitness goals.
This is the greatest fitness center i've ever been a member of.
I just moved to scottsdale and found the coolest city gym ever.
I haven't even been pressured in to buy a membership like other gyms do such as la fitness.
At fitness factory, it feels like home.
It truly is a neighborhood gym.
Fitness factory makes it easy for you and your lifestyle....that's what i truly love about this gym.
:)  i would have given this gym 5 stars...but parking is a drag lol  megan m.
I am here quite frequently, and really think it's a great gym.
Most of the other la fitness gyms offer a 9:15am class at least 2-3x per week.
I finally joined this gym after weeks of agonizing over the monthly rates.
There are a number of features to this gym that other reviews have already mentioned.
All of the cardio machines have tvs that you can plug your headphones in.
Anytime fitness is a great gym whoever architect the set up of this gym 10.
I am a very cheap person especially when it comes to gyms.
This gym is amazing.
Free weights for people like free weights.
If only the fitchburg instructors were at the west gym.
The price is comparable to other area fitness facilities.
Even the ymca fitness center would charge a significant amount.
I've been using his personal trainer services for almost 8 months.
I couldn't have asked for a better training experience.
Miles simpson is a great personal trainer!
Rawfitness changed my life for the better and i thank them for that.
The trainers are incredibly passionate about pushing you to a better you.
I'd also like to add that the fact the gym didn't smell like feet was definitely an added bonus.
Moved back to scottsdale about a month ago and was looking to join a new gym.
After trying a few gyms i found this hidden gem.
The gym is never so busy that you can't get on the machines you want.
However, if you are looking for a snooty gym with lots of ammentities this is not the place.
I recently moved here from dallas and i already love my new second home at eos fitness!
And the amenities don't stop at weights, cardio and court games.
My girlfriend and i were visiting from texas and heard about this wonderful gym.
Brand new to the area as of last month, and i already love this gym.
Anytime fitness places could be open from $30k to $100k.
Each of the cardio pieces had a tv attached and they provided headphones.
During peak hours the princeton club is very busy, but otherwise this is a good gym.
This gym is multi faceted and has such a great environment for working out.
!the gym is well maintained and has state of the art equipment.
This gym is awesome but the owner is even greater.
It's an old school gym with real people who love fitness.
Metroflex gym is a special place run by a very compassionate man.
Have gone to a couple workout classes at other gyms and this is by far my favorite!
When i go, i pretty much stick to the lady gym for weight/machine work.
This is one of the best gyms i've been to in vegas.
The gym has four floors with each floor has something different to offer.
The weightlifting sections has all your machines to work on every single body part.
The staff keeps the machines and all the weightlifting equipment well organized and clean.
Last but not least, the fourth floor offers a track that overviews the basketball court and the whole gym.
Great place to go to work out no matter what your fitness level is.
This is one of two "elite" golds gym's in the country.
Highly recommend this gym.
They offer everything you will want when it comes to mma training.
The music is a good, the trainers are encouraging, and the other woman in my group are just like me.
As some who has always been self conscious and intimidated by gyms, i've found the environment to be perfect.
The trainers and members alike are all friendly and supportive.
People who usually go to gyms are vain tools and the reviews of these type of places reflect that.
Review from 6/30/2011:  i, too am new to bodysport fitness because i purchased a groupon for their boot camps.
As trainer zane says...  learn the technique and the weight will come off and its true...
I am hooked.... come and check this place & the trainers out.
The gym is almost 45 minutes away from home but the commute is worth it!
Everytime i have come into the gym the members are always very welcoming.
I held off writing this review till i had been at this gym for a full year.
Previously i had never done any sort of weight training aside from food to my mouth.
No it's just going to be about this gym and what it's like.
I started off by emailing the owner brian about coming to visit the gym.
The facility is one of the largest crossfit gyms i've been to in the last year.
Do i need to say more about this gym?
I travel for work and visited a handful of crossfit gyms/boxes.
Here are my last thoughts about this gym..
I am powerlifter and this is the best gym i have every been to in the phoenix area.
The gym is spotless and the weights are always put  away and organized.
I have never had a problem getting another gym member to spot me and i felt welcome from day one.
After taking a tour of the facility, i decided that planet fitness was the workout facility for me.
I love the student recreation and wellness center, or as i call it, the gym!
-the second floor has all the weights and machines for all you body builders out there.
People don't put the weights back in the right places?
In a public gym??
This is a 24/hr key-card access gym that has limited staffed hours of operation.
She stays in constant contact with us via email and does a great job running her gym.
Ok, it's not the village and it's not 24 hour fitness.
Jake's skill surpasses any other fitness professional with whom i have ever worked.
I would recommend jake, always, for specialty training and general fitness.
You can't really compare any unlv's gym to any other gym's, it's just not fair.
That's fine they have all the cardiovascular machines you'll ever need.
2nd floor: weight room laid out with every type of lifting you can possibly do.
This is a real gym!
They have some of the best free weight machines around.
You get what you pay for when it comes to a gym.
I chose this gym because of the proximity to my apartment but stayed with them for the employees and atmosphere.
Wynn fitness won the competition and i recently signed up with them for a 1 year membership.
Works perfectly for us since at that time the gym is not busy at all.
You check the schedule here: http://www.wynnfitness.com/esp.pdf)  everything is well maintained and clean.
The class itself consisted of cardio, strength, and 30 minutes of boxing with the heavy bag.
If this gym were closer and not so $$, i'd probably come here at least a few times a month.
Definitely something to check out for people wanting to up their fitness game and try something different!
I've been training at john allens for almost 6 months for four days a week!
I've been working with ryan and he does fun circuits within my weight lifting sessions!
I truly recommend them for personal training!
I would say that this is definitely the best choice for a gym in the downtown madison area.
They run a very clean gym, and always have a smile on !
I am so fortunate to be working with physiques fitness by elvira.
I have been motivated and driven to transform my body and my fitness.
Elvira has created custom designed meal plans, just for me, along with proper training exercise routines.
Also, my weight training was reduced to only 2 to 3 sessions per week.
Her program harnesses the "interaction and interdependency" of training with your very own nutrition plan to get superior results.
The great majority of trainers either don't have a clue as to proper nutrition or they overlook it completely.
; )      the gym offers a wide range of opportunities to box-yer-butt back into shape while having an absolute blast.
Fitness 4 weeks ago.
I've been an athlete my whole life and have never been involved in a gym that is this great.
Tizzy (tizzyfit_) is also a supportive trainer!!
Fitness for the phenomenal new chapter of my fitness journey!
I am overweight and i do not like to exercise at all!
They are a bit more expensive than the average gym however i feel it's worth the price i pay.
You're going to the gym anyway, consider it a warm up.
The gym is spacious, modern, and clean so nothing to complain about.
Also, not that relaxing because weights are constantly being dropped on the floor above you.
Staff is friendly and the trainers are really helpful without being pushy.
The outdoor pool is awesome in the summer and the pub inside the gym will serve you drinks poolside.
Again, i love this gym and i feel it's worth the extra money.
Fantastic gym, has everything you'd need and more.
Right off of the train as well.
The gym is huge, tons of perks, and clean.
Excellent facility, friendly staff, knowledgeable trainers and some unique equipment like sleds, a boxing room, hammers (literally) and large tires.
Okay, i've never been to a climbing gym before, so this was a first for me.
On the down side, the gym's a little bit hard to find.
We saw people practicing free-climbing and working on their strength training, and the place is not for the wimpy.
This is pretty much the best gym ever.
Seriously, i've been to many many gyms.
For $31/month i got free towel service, guest passes and a trainer meeting once a month.
Trainer joe is the best!!
This gym was never too crowded and the front desk staff was sooo nice, especially karen.
Now that i'm back in la i wish there was a gym of the same price and quality as lvac.
I love this gym.
It's a great gym.
I don't like the gym but i love raw fitness.
The trainers and other members are so friendly and encouraging...i actually look forward to working out every day.
I love the formatting, the trainers and the social media component.
Best gym for the price in the area.
Fierce fitness cle is such a fun place to workout!
With the variety of fitness classes offered, you are certain to find one you love!
I still have gym anxiety, but honestly the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly.
Without a doubt a five star gym!
Would be 5 out of 5 if planet fitness ever expanded with classes and a greater selection of equipment.
So i've been coming to this gym for a couple of months.
Having been to the bigger gyms like eos & lvac, it was almost normal to see machines out of order.
Anyway, we got our workout on & immediately fell in love with the gym.
The membership is higher than what i've paid at other gyms but i honestly don't mind.
I quit my old gym because of that.
So happy i found a gym near my house!
I use 24 hour fitness all over the nation, great value and great gym.
This is my favorite gym to use nationally now.
I'm a gym rat and today the crew at a.c.e fitness kicked my butt like no other!!
If you think your fit try a.c.e fitness
Lol guess that's what happens when great trainers give you great results.
Trainers are amazing and actually care about you.
I love this gym.
Best gym i've ever been to, period.
The class schedule has allot of options, and the cardiovascular movie theater is amazing.
Al my trainer (of 2 sessions so far) is great.
I joined this gym about a month ago and so far i like it.
They have plenty of cardio machines.
The weight area is small but you can get the job down.
They have circuit training and great deals for black card members.
Love working out at this gym.
Everyone is nice and friendly there especially one of the trainers name brandon.
The gym itself is super clean and all the equipment is pristine.
Literally you cannot get a better gym experience for the price.
Keep in mind this is not the place for gym rats or people looking for serious amenities.
I tried out barreworks because cardio and weights are more my speed.
Through a conference for work, i used a free pass to go to the gym on the weekend.
Capital fitness is located in an older building, but the inside is renovated and it looks really nice.
Everyone was very helpful and friendly - definitely recommend this gym!
Decided to get our fitness on before the events, so we hit up the 6 am class.
Hands down best gym to visit.
We emailed a bunch of gyms and decided to check this place out.
The gym is open, organized, clean and huge!
I recommend this gym to anyone looking for a great crossfit experience.
Yak's reminds me of my old gym back home, which i love!
The trainers are also great and attentive.
These trainers aren't on their phones while training someone and looking around.
I recently left my gym bag in the locker over night which had expensive headphones and shoes.
I'm on such a major endorphin high after my first class/es at shine fitness!
Aerial silks, pole fitness & barre workout.
This used to be yonge st fitness club- and is under (great) new management.
Clean, machines all seem new, huge cardio floor, lots of well maintained machines on the third floor.
I'm a $20 member, but i haven't tried the functional training room yet.
Definitely not a full service gym, but in one girl's humble opinion, way better than one too.
Felt very encouraged through their training and they were so kind!
Great gym with a laid back atmosphere, while providing all the tools needed for a tough workout.
Outside of the gym on the first floor, there is an einstein bagels!
There are also cardio machines up there also, just incase you want to go straight to it!
I'd recommend this gym to anyone looking for a crossfit home.
This is a great place to train.
Very friendly and welcoming group of people and the gym itself is a+.
The owners, chris and shelly, truly care about the gym and members and always make you feel welcome.
I think my favorite thing about this gym is that everyone puts the equipment back when finished.
The main knock to the y is the lack of options in the weight room and treadmills/ellipticals.
I love this gym, my daughter and i go at least 3 times a week and the staff is friendly.
The trainer, shane, is very nice, and everyone else that attends is friendly and welcoming!
I'd say fitness level is intermediate, though shane offers alternatives to make all of the exercises beginner or advanced.
You need dumbbells sometimes for weight training, too.
I'm sure in the summer that will get challenging, but it's a refreshing change from stuffy gyms.
This review is just of the gym itself, not the dues, fees, etc.
First of all, there's tons of parking, and the gym itself is huge.
Also, personal tvs keep me doing cardio way longer than planned.
And their trainer (stacy) is so awesome.
She's serious about health and fitness and she will definitely change your life.
I'm just very pleased with this planet fitness as a whole.
They do have a cleaning guy that is super friendly and he cleans the entire gym, equipment and all, everyday.
They had to get rid of a couple bad coaches that came with the gym.
I've been to two other crossfit gyms in the las vegas area.
I can't say enough good things about crossfit 702, every workout is like being with your own personal trainer.
Training is geared towards your specific needs but expect to work hard to achieve results.
But this gym helped me overcome all of that.
If you love this gym (as i do), you can thank george macpherson for that.
This place is the best gym in town!
The whole atmosphere at the gym is upbeat and positive.
Only problem is too many personal trainers.
Its a public gym, not a personal training studio!
Facility: this basically offers cardio machines and isolation resistance machines.
-kettlebell selection is sparse, with only the smallest weights available.
That said, there are several aspects in which this gym shines: -doesn't ever get terribly crowded.
-awesome trainers that are cool to talk to; one of the ones i chatted with trains maxim models.
My family and i decided to use enso elite gym for our daughter's 4th birthday party.
The experience was so good, that we will give enso a try when are daughter decides to start gymnastics!
People don't stare and hang out like they do at la fitness.
Personal trainers know what they are doing (matt r.) staff is always friendly.
What a wonderful crossfit gym!
A lot of other gyms would benefit for something like this.
The owner's of the gym are genuinely good people.
Trainer josh is one of the best.
I have had personal trainers for many years, and really love working with josh.
The only trainer i do not dread going to!
Credit where credit is due, this is the premier training center in northeastern ohio.
Hiit and cardio all in 1hr.
It doesn't matter where you are on your fitness journey because you can go at your own pace.
Task fitness puts interesting and challenging workouts together.
At any fitness level you can get something out of training.
This gym is great, it has everything you need to get a great workout.
Private parking is available for the gym in the back of the building too which is nice.
So i signed up with this gym about 4 months ago, my sales person's name was kyle.
He answered all my questions and didn't try to "sell" me on the gym.
The staff is friendly, the gym is clean, the price is fair.
This lady is snarky, no bs approach to health and fitness .
And my current gym works with my budget.)
- but the day i can afford it, i - will - be moving over to this gym.
Overall, a great gym that meets all of my fitness needs.
Way better gym and layout with awesome staff.
A pool, a fitness area, a weight circuit, stretch area, & gym.
There are a lot of machines upstairs in the fitness/weight area.
The gym is always clean and never too crowded!
I would encourage anyone at any fitness level to give him a try.
I was given very competent so tour by a lady here at la fitness named stacy.
This is a well run gym at a great price point.
They have a walking track, large free weight area, and 3 sets of circuit weights.
Trainers are knowledgeable and provide great workout/ nutritional plans.
I have been a member of this gym for a few months now and love the location.
There are views of uptown all throughout the gym.
They have a functional training room upstairs which i use alot.
-the only free weights are in the corner (it's kinda a tight corner) upstairs.
These things above aren't that huge and the benefits of this facility majorly outweight these small complaints.
I have previously taking vinyasa at my gym, but this is a whole different twist.
It is a total body workout plus cardio and you will sweat like never before.
I recommend shine for anyone looking for something different other than weights and a treadmill.
One of my favorite gyms in the area.
Great atmosphere, friendly people (i have heard different though), cleaner than other gyms.
Overall i'd recommend this gym.
Much better than pf, and pretty solid for the price compared to the areas privately owned gyms.
If you're looking for awesome personal trainers, please go visit john allen.
John, is an awesome trainers and you will see results.
I would highly recommend john allen, all the trainers are professional and fun to work out with.
Lots of tvs in the cardio section.
I usually work out around 6 or 7pm--peak gym times--and have never had a problem getting a machine i needed.
This gym has all kinds of machines and the facility is pretty nice and clean.
Combination of interval cardio and weight lifting makes it one of the best overall workout!
There are lots of treadmills,ellipticals, stationary bikes, steppers, free weights, weight machines, etc.
The cardio equipment is really nice, there are usb and ipod hookups and there are individual tvs on each machine.
One of the best places to train in or outside of madison.
For parents with young athletes, coach skipp and keysha are very dedicated to youth athletic training and development.
Great place to train and have fun while you are at it!
Brand new gym, in a brand new building.
This gym is very clean, and most definitely encourages the use of towels for every member.
Even though the gym is not completely finished, your still able to get a decent lift and cardio session in.
The choices in the cardio equipment could be a little better, and there is no real stretching area.
Gym is a work in progress.
The staff at planet fitness is the absolute cream of the crop.
Facility is always spotless, love going to this gym.
Great gym, feels posh.
He absolutely loves going to see them, i feel bad if i don't go to the gym.
I love love love this gym!!
I would and have recommended this gym to anyone serious about getting in shape!
Attended my intro training session with "q".
Prior nutritionist experience was an added perk compared to prior gym-trainers i've worked with in years past.
Like many people, i don't really enjoy going to the gym.. but fitworks makes it a little less painful.
Lots of equipment and i've never had to wait to get on the cardio equipment.
Not as cheap as planet fitness but at least fitworks has free weights and scales.
You don't have to be a fitness pro to be here.
The gym also includes yoga and exercise classes in the membership.
Great small to medium sized gym.
2 stars for having both a large section of free weights and cardio machines.
The workouts are challenging, fun, and do-able for all fitness levels.
I prefer this gym over lvac or the other big gyms.
If you just wait a simple place to go and workout i recommend rebel fitness.
I'm a drop in from out of town and needed some open gym time to do my programming.
24 hour open fitness center that isn't a body building gym.
The gym is well kept and has all the tools you need to be successful.
The members of the gym are super friendly, social, and encouraging.
There is a huge mix of talent that trains there and everyone is like family.
One of the best places to train in the valley.
I've only taken a couple of the fitness classes so far but they have been a really great workout.
The personal trainers have been great, i highly recommend cole he's just fantastic!
I've been to a lot of gyms in my life.
The gang at smart gym is the best!!
Try their new xgt fitness program.
I've been to a lot of crossfit gyms.
If only all crossfit gyms could be like this!
I am sorry about the previous two bad experience, because i cannot say good enough things about this gym.
I ended up joining the personal training program for good.
No matter how good you think you are at motivating yourself, having a trainer is always better.
Most people without trainers do exercises wrong without knowing, and this is coming from my personal trainer.
The best part is that my personal trainer would give me a free session here and there.
If you are looking for personal training from a guy who knows what he is doing i highly recommend madden.
This guy really knows his stuff when it comes to fitness.
His gym has all the equipment you would find at a large place - minus the crowd.
Personal 1on1 training and on your schedule.
I work out here sometimes when my coach isn't available at my regular gym.
Aside from that, the place is great for swimming, badminton, cardio and other types of body building style workouts.
There is one downside to this gym.
The talisman centre is a great gym with good programs, good equipment and a large variety of services.
It has become my favorite gym to go to.
Fantastic gym.....great personal, marc,jessie and mike make this gyn great!!!
Finley was the trainer and she welcomed me and hubs and was so nice!!
Even a girl in the weight group ahead of me helped me with rowing!!
I joined bloor street fitness because i really needed to lose weight and the location is super convenient.
The only downside to this gym is that it is small.
I would recommend this gym to others!
Amazing trainers and staff!
I love going to this gym.
They have alot of machines and free weights!
My sister, brother and i joined this gym together and we absolutely love it!
I gotta give my buddy (and my trainer) a shout out.
Shamar you kick my butt 3 times per week in personal training and glad we met you!
Trainer q is awesome!
If you are looking for a place to train with a good community and a quality coach look no further.
The owner and head coach adam will help you to achieve whatever your fitness goals are.
I could not more highly recommend a place to go to learn or continue your growth in fitness.
S.p.o.t is an amazing "get it done," kind of gym!
However, i was looking for a trainer to give me the extra push i needed!!
The trainers are incredible and will work you hard!
The results from training at spot are worth all the hard work!!
Really great community at the gym and the coaches are really knowledgable, personal and attentive to detail.
Definitely grew a lot in my fitness here because of good programming and good coaching.
Fyi there's gonna be some people that would stink too  since there's no air circulation due to a pack gym.
It's a 24hr gym.
Aside from a pack gym during peek hour, it's a great gym.
Also, the first gym i've ever joined.
Capital fitness is within walking distance from where we live and has great hours.
They have equipment for all ages, fitness levels, and personal accommodations.
They have group fitness classes almost everyday and affordable personal training available.
Overall awesome gym and would recommend it to anyone!
The boyfriend and i recently joined this gorgeous gym.
Tanning beds, smoothie station, massotherapy, treadmills with tvs, an entire floor of weight machines.
They have personal trainers that will reach out to you when you join.
Such a hip cool place - you will love coming to the gym!
You're headed to the gym; you can walk two blocks to get there!!
If i had to join a gym again in the area i'd definitely come back here.
I actually know other members by name unlike my old gym!
No boring treadmills or other typical gym equipment here.
This is an amazing gym with all the amenities.
The weight room is very impressive and has all the machines you could ask for.
Word to the wise... never taunt your trainer and tell them they're routine isn't difficult enough.
The trainers here are incredibly knowledgeable and their techniques are not what you'd find at a typical gym.
I really enjoy one-on-one training in a small environment to get me to where i want to be.
I had expectations of losing weight, isn't that everyone's goal?
Overall a pretty decent la fitness.
Pretty good selection of free weights and machines.
Has a pool, sauna, basketball court, "theater cardio room", daycare during the day as well.
Fitness levels range from beginner to people who are trainers them-self but the class is doable for all levels!
This is a very large, new and clean facility with state of the art fitlinxx cardio and weight equipment.
I have done goodlife at various locations and the y but hone fitness is definitely my favourite gym.
It's a good gym.
The trainer, barrett, is very knowledgable on proper technique and good at making you feel welcome.
I am now a regular at this gym.
I moved to it from fitness one when i got a new job and the corporate deal was really good.
What i love about this gym is they have a sauna.
As you walk through the spa you'll walk right by the very large fitness center.
Given that it much less costly than other gyms, it is a solid choice.
I mainly do cardio and sit in the sauna.
Fitness factory has to be one of the best gyms in pittsburgh!
Locally owned and operated, they care about the gym, the people and the neighborhood.
Miles and joey are great trainers at the facility who strive to motivate their clients.
Best gym in town.
I love to train here and everyone is great.
If i lived closer, i'd definitely look into classes for my kids at this gym!
I came to this gym for a trial run and was really impressed.
Everyone creates their own workout station with a bench, barbell and weights.
I tried zumba at my current gym and the lesmills zumba knocks it out of the water.
All over, i'm contemplating joining goodlife and terminating my current gym membership.
Their muscle building and zumba classes knocked my current gyms classes out of the water.
This is the cleanest gym i have ever been to.
I am glad they finally put a fitness center in old town.
This is a great place to get some cardio done and lift some weights.
They do offer personal training but at additional costs.
I love the cardio equipment.
This gym is pretty good, love the movie theater cardio room!
I knocked a star off as the gym is far too crowded.
This gym literally has everything one needs to get your workout on.
It has 4 floors: cardio, strength/machine training, basketball courts, and the track on the top floor.
Jen is an awesome trainer/instructor!
They really really really focus on proper training, teaching and maintaining good form, and paying individual attention to members.
- kids classes, nutrition seminars, weightlifting clinics, gym-wide grass fed beef orders, gym-wide supplement orders, etc.
- also offers crossfit cardio which is less focused on weightlifting if that's more your style.
- private and specialty training programs available.
I signed up for a 5:30 cross training class on a tuesday evening through classpass.
She gave me a tour, told me about the gym and introduced me to her husband, chris, the other owner.
After changing i went to the cross training room where the class would be held.
It was actually only two of us in class, which for me is perfect because i love small group training.
Even upon arriving at 5:30 and class ending about 6:30 the main gym floor never appeared to be crowded.
If you are in the southwest and are looking to an alternative to the big box gyms this is it!
We love the cardio cinema and the functional fitness room.
I'd definitely come in and take a look if you're looking for an uptown gym.
Highly recommended, also from the perspective of a medical, health & fitness professional.
I have a been a gym rat for most of my adult life and i really like this place.
Jay pages jiu-jitsu and mma is a great place to train.
They were very helpful and i've never felt more excited to train anywhere else.
Awesome, inexpensive gym option.
I love this gym because of the convenience.
Yak's fitness let me purchase a week pass and i was very impressed with the gym overall.
I've resisted going to, let alone joining, a gym for years, because i'm not a "jock type".
The staff and trainers all seem very knowledgeable and eager to help out.
Always do your research when joining a gym.
For the gym itself the hoards of kids screaming jumping around was a lil tough .
The gym is on the second floor and let me tell you!!
Gorgeous view, wide open climate controlled gym to a cool temp.
The gym sells itself really!
I really like this gym.
I have only been training here for a couple of months but have seen great results.
This gym takes it back to the basics which i enjoy--squats, lunges, jump ropes, stretching etc.
The gym is ran by 2 families and you can usually meet all of them if you are there.
They care a lot about their gym and are happy to help you.
This particular man started training/stretching here and 6 years later he is walking--with a cane, but still walking.
Great gym, great coaches.
And p.s  you don't have to be member to see him at life time fitness.
I am a very experienced runner and i bike occasionally, but no experience with weight training.
Although people are their working up a sweat all of the time, the gym was clean and smell free!
I love this gym in the heart of legacy village near brio and the california pizza kitchen.
Very professional adult gym (with babysitting room.)
It's an extra big medium sized gym -- it has everything, including a place where you make friends.
Big open space with free weights and machines.
Large open group fitness room with beautiful wood floors, mirrors and equipment.an indoor swimming pool with lanes and aqua classes.
Even has a room for women only with cardio machines and machines.
I absolutely love this gym!
I have gone to many different gyms throughout the years but   none are like pf!
I really enjoy the arc trainer cardio machine located towards the right of the gym.
For $10/month and it being open 24 hours a day, this gym is a wonder!
On top of the price to use the gym.
Some people use the gym for tanning only, which is much cheaper than buying a tanning package at a salon.
I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone who wants a comfortable, non intimidating gym to achieve their personal goals.
Great studio, fun atmosphere, knowledgeable trainers, challenging classes, plenty of parking and reasonably priced for instruction/location.
This seems to be the trend with la fitness.
Best gym i have ever joined.
First let me start off with i have been a member of many gyms.
La fitness, golds gym & 24/7 fitness's.
None have been as pleasant as planet fitness.
It's by far the cleanest of gyms i've been to.
I can say i'm 100% satisfied with this gym & the employees & the progress i've made since i joined.
Thank you planet fitness.
This is the first gym i've ever been to where i feel proud of myself after every workout.
If you're looking for a gym where u can sit on ur ass this ain't for you.
I signed up for boot camp with task fitness about a month ago and couldn't be happier with this investment!
I've done gym memberships, home workouts, fitness trainers, group classes... you name it.
Hired danny daley to be my husband's trainer and danny has been wonderful!
This seems to be a gym for the men with its rough edges and boxing ring center piece.
My wife and i enjoy going to this gym and it is certainly in our budget.
People of all ages can scale a workout to their fitness level and the whole community is friendly and encouraging!
The trainers are amazing, the atmosphere is laid back and welcoming.
This is a great neighborhood gym in the southwest part of town at the corner of durango and warm springs.
At first glance, it's evident they're the epitome of fitness, muscles popping out everywhere.
On my first visit, they were both present and greeted me, giving me info about their gym.
Cardio: treadmills, stairmasters, arc trainers, a few spinner bikes, and a rowing machine.
Cross-training area: kettlebells, battle ropes, two squat machines, and other stuff that those crossfit people use.
Excellent, clean atmosphere to get your fitness on.
This has to be one of the best gyms i've worked out at.
Before joining yaks we checked out some of the other local gyms.
After checking out three gyms and not having any success, we went to yak's.
The gym offers a lot of great cardio equipment and weight machines.
As we started our comparison of gyms, i spoke with alexx on the phone, who was very nice.
He was very nice, and one of the reasons we joined the gym.
We love first impressions, and that along with the gym itself, sealed the deal.
The trainers work to make everyone feel successful in their workout through modifications.
I love this gym and gym equipment, especially the grass area!!!
This gym is old school!
The trainers work with you and always push you to be better.
5 star gym for sure!
I used the place for cardio and weightlifting equipment, everything always worked and was clean and maintained.
So we finally joined this local gold's gym.
What a dope gym!
What a gem, super stoked to have such a high caliber gym so close to the pad!!!
Very simple clean gym, but it has the right equipments to succeed.
I just have to say ive never been more happy at a gym.
The gym is big and open and its just a perfect place to put your kid from kindergym to team.
There were a few important things i was looking for in a gym upon moving to champaign.
It's not your "typical" gym because a majority of what goes on here is physical therapy.
Fourth, they have just about anything machine-wise or accessory-wise in a gym you could ever ask for.
I give my highest recommendation to anyone in the scottsdale and surrounding area to visit this crossfit gym.
I couldn't be less of an expert on gyms.
Huge weights area, great cardio machines and a separate area for classes.
It's huge and i don't know what else you could want in a gym.
This probably one of the if not the best gym in town.
My favorite thing about the gym is simply the design.
Sweet rock gym, i like that they seem to constantly be updating the routes now!
I went to after it training studio for a lunch time workout with carrie.
After it training studio also has great group events to keep you focused and motivated.
Truly love the help i receive from staff, trainers & fellow members!!!
I stopped in on the grand opening day (11/6/2010) for a "fitness evaluation".
I ended up signing up for a 12 month twice per week personal training commitment.
They incorporate both cardio and strength training into each class giving a full body workout.
Their motto is "personal group training" and it truly is just that.
All of their equipment is up to date and all of the gyms are well maintained and spotless!
This is what draws me to his gym.
They make everything so personalized that they've become my fitness family.
Reinier and kerry, the main trainers, have truly built something amazing with their gym concept of personal group training.
I am a fitness gal and have tried a lot of different types of workouts.
I've been training with laura for over 2 years now and i love it!
I have noticed a big  improvement in my fitness level and overall health.
I can absolutely recommend laura and studio 1-on-1 fitness.
Best personal trainer experience!
Nice gym with all i need.
I found my new gym.
Most of the instructors (had three total) are very well-trained.
I consider this to be one of the top two fitness centers in the entire valley of the sun.
I have seen a variety of the 24 hour fitness, la fitness, youfit, and other larger facilities.. well done ymca!!
The trainers are personable and friendly
Big old industrial building hidden off the street makes the gym a diamond in the rough.
Very nice clean gym, good basketball game runs here.
This gym is great.
I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have good fitness
This gym is immaculate.
It's a much more enjoyable and relaxed environment compared to 24-hour fitness with loads of meatheads and pretentious people.
Definitely glad i picked this gym!
Excellent mix of strength, core and cardio packed into a no time wasted hour!
Not only is every trainer friendly and supportive, they only push you within your limits.
It is a good gym for young professionals.
Although it is a little pricey for a gym, consider the location.
I used to work out in another gym and today i came for the first time to try rebel.
This is a gym for ppl who want results and not for ppl who want to play games.
Wynn fitness was my gym when i was working in toronto.
I also tried goodlife fitness on yonge/dundas and 99 sudbury in liberty village and wynn was by far my favourite.
Two things that could be improved about wynn are the lack of squat racks and the free weights organization.
Great variety of fitness classes and yoga classes all included in membership price.
Fitness class rooms and yoga studios are pretty and well-kept.
Plenty of good body weight equipment too, such as pull-up bars and areas for standard calesthenics.
If you do prefer cardio, then this gym gives you what you need as well.
Treadmills, elliptical trainers, stationary cycles, and more.
Check out their jacob's ladder if you want a unique cardio workout.
Whether you're a serious boxer or just want some extra special cardio, it's a great place to be.
I've seen a few people on instagram come to the gym and decided to check it out.
Reasons why i like this gym-lots of different types of exercise, including swimming.
I have always wanted to try personal training and i am so happy i found emanuel!
In the past i've been to other trainers who insisted on driving me so hard i would spend days recovering.
I needed a new gym and there they were.
I was very excited to try out my new gym, so i came back the same afternoon.
Big thank you to shelly and chris for opening such an awesome gym here in vegas!
Hands down the best gym in las vegas.
The gym is beautiful, clean, state of the art and (best of all) never crowded.
I have gone back and forth trying to find a personal trainer for years.
My buddy and i had a training session with the head trainer, eric.
I was big into their group fitness classes, particularly body pump and buti yoga.
Everyone is on their own fitness journey, and i rarely felt judged while in a class.
Fitness route, and i could tell they didn't look forward to their workout as much as i did!
Nice and big space with plenty of areas to use machines or independent training.
I like this gym and it's nice i can go across to work where my office is .
They do provide lockers but it's right inside the gym.
It's the best priced gym you could go to.
Maximum fitness is a hidden gem.
This is not your big chain luxury gym.
Maximum is a non meat market gym.
I've been working with a group 3 x a week  with trainer karen mullarkey.
Karen is amazing, great trainer and works with all fitness levels.
Sad to see such poor reviews about this gym.
Awesome classes to get your toning/lifting/cardio all in.
It may not be the most modern or up to date gym but i really like it!
If you're into personal training, the trainers are really nice and happy to listen to what you want to achieve.
This would have been a 5 star review except that it can get quite hot on the upper cardio level.
I also like the movie room where i can do some cardio and not get bored.
I think i will be staying at this gym for awhile.
This is my first membership gym, and i love this place.
I take some little one's to the kindergym there and it is a great program.
The layout of the gym is great as well as the parent viewing zones.
I must say, in the upstairs viewing space and the actual gym, it is super cold.
They offer a ton of classes, from boxing to mma to boot camp & personal training.
It's a no frills gym, but that's honestly the best part.
Equipment: enough to go around without having to wait...free weights, circuit training,  hammer strength, treadmills, ellipticals, etc.
In your own home yes, but not at a public gym!?!?
I took an antigravity yoga class at shine fitness!
Nice, huge, clean gym with great trainers that will challenge you, but not more than you can handle.
Dennis is thorough in his training of perfecting your lifting technique.
With their current specials you're not going to find a better gym!
The gym is great but the child watch is the best.
The gym is my place of peace, my release.
All of the equipment is new, the free weight area is spacious and i love the stretching zone.
Tizzy is an awesome trainer and the vibe is great whenever i come in.
I'm so happy i started my new year right with a.c.e fitness.
This gym seems to have a worse reputation than it should.
Plenty of treadmills and arch trainers
I have been a member of la fitness since january 2015.
This gym has everything i will ever need and then some.
Free weights and treadmills as well as all other types of machines.
Josh has been our trainer for the last three months.
Very happy he came to work with smart gym scottsdale!
I gave up free gym in rhodes ranch since the moment i stepped in yak's!
Definitely the best gym in pittsburgh!
Personal training and classes in a private environment with great people!
Wynn fitness is a decent gym and the rates are reasonable.
The gym itself is a bit small but is packed with machines, free weights, and cardio equipment.
The cardio machines seem to be quite new while the weights and weight machines appear to be a bit dated.
The variety of weight machines is fairly wide, so you can do circuits or focus on particular muscle areas.
It's far better than any of those mass chains like la fitness or golds which offer absolutely no amenities.
It's a pretty good gym.
Also that the only drinking fountain in the back of the gym.
But most of all, i don't just see crossfit ra as a gym , but as a family!
Crossfit ra is my permanent gym.
I notice that many staff members are always cleaning and reracking the weights.
I highly recommend thrive performance to anyone looking for that perfect workout gym.
We didn't realize how unique of an experience that gym provided until we tried several others.
The gym has everything i need for a great workout, it was not overly crowded which i really hate.
Now on to the cardio.
The whole gym was repainted.
The kids club was also painted, however still doesn't have a play gym because of the smaller space assuming.
Overall, the gym has made improvements for sure.
Just hope they are open to arranging some things, like the weight area.
While i've always worked out, i had no experience in weight lifting and was intimidated to try it.
The gym just opened after the new year, i believe, so it's brand new.
On the weight machines, there are only 2-3 of each and i only saw one calf extension.
The thing that bugs me the most is the layout of the weight machines.
The trainers are friendly and knowledgeable.
What really made me like this gym though was the personal trainer erik.
I am new to the gym and he made me feel very welcome and like it was somewhere i belonged.
If you are looking for a personal trainer i would definitely recommend him!
6 months after moving to phoenix, we finally found a gym to call home!
Body mechanix has the perfect mix of intensity, small group classes, and personalization from trainers.
Sean and brandon are great.they obviously care about the gym's patrons and strive to accommodate injuries.
I've also lost a significant amount of weight and feel the emphasis strength training and nutrition education contributed significantly.
I have done the pole fitness class, anti-gravity class, and extreme kickboxing class.
I'm a big fan of smart gym.
High tech equipment, an abundance of free weights, dumbbells, barbells, kettlebells, trx, and a great variety of weight machines.
I wish la fitness would take a lesson from smart gym with regard to this!
I frequent three gyms and this is by far my favorite!
This one is nearby for me, so i come to this gym mostly.
Great gym with a fantastic staff.
Pilates reformer cardio class- favorite workout of 2013.
That said i enjoy speed & power training.
The free weights are amazing & rarely am i waiting on weights.
-i've been going here as one of my gyms for 3 years.
You can't come and go like at a gym, theres scheduled bootcamps.
At spire, owner ben n. has created gym that isn't your typical globo-gym scene.
Instead, he has a private facility that's full of motivating training,  personalized workouts and good people.
However, once i began training with ben, it all turned around for me.
I really liked this gym a lot and will definitely consider becoming a member.
This isn't a place for kids, day camps, people who want to show off their latest gym outfit.
There is more weight equipment here than any other gym i've been to.
You can add weight to it and push or pull it around the gym.
Definitely not a "health club", but absolutely a place to reach maximum fitness!
I've been away from the gym for a few years and was happy i came across crossfit magna.
They are as concerned with lifestyle and complete family values as they are to fitness.
This gym has become my second home...it's clean, loaded with equipment, nice folks, not intimidating at all.
Front desk people, sincerely nice, love jeff, bob, and  all my new gym friends.
The gym is very clean and i really enjoy working out here.
They have a massive amount of cardio and weight equipment but just added this huge performance center.
Recently joined power hour 360 and so glad i found this gym.
We didn't use it but the gym looked impressive- tons of machines that looked new and clean.
Highly highly recommend this gym for an excellent workout.
Instantly felt like the right place to train.
There is also 2 spin bikes located inside the gym.
Behind the cardio equipment is atlantis machine designed by charles r. poliquin.
Along with hampton free weights/dumbells from 5lbs up to 120lbs.
There is also a couple of tanning booths and of course mens/womens lockers with showers and gym lockers.
Oh, i forgot to mention, how clean this gym is!!!
I even went on vacation and lost weight.
Lets lose some more weight and build up those abs!
Pricing is comparableto similar gym concepts.
The energy is good and the trainers are awesome.
This place is the perfect match for my lifestyle and fitness goals.
Just finished my first raw fitness challenge.
I wasn't successful with the weight loss but i lost a lot of inches.
The trainers are all so friendly, funny and encouraging.
I will be continuing with raw, and signing up for the gym monday.
If you're tired of your weight, not being able to fit in those jeans, join raw!
Just need to show your room key to use the fitness  center.
Bravo to you fitness nuts!
As a student, this gym is life.
By and large i really make an effort to stay out of gym locker rooms.
Anyway, that aside, this is an awesome gym and i just wished i lived closer to it.
It even had a little cardio element to get the workout buzz going during the class.
These classes are a very welcome break from my regular fitness routine of running and lifting.
Golds gyms renovations are coming along and look great so far!
Came by here w/one friend to check out the pickleball in their gym.
Zumba with julianna on mon/wed and hip hop cardio with alivia on fridays are the most fun.
I have never been to a place with so many knowledgeable trainers and coaches.
$10 bucks a month for the gym, free pizza every month.
This is a gym for the "regular people", not bodybuilders.
And that is all excluding the gym!
The gym itself is really cool as well!
The second floor has the weights and they have a lot of gym staples.
Their showers are also partitioned so you get your privacy unlike local gyms.
The one big thing that angers me is the people working complain about you dropping the weights.
It's not our fault you put the weights on the second floor and that the building is a gym.
Fullstrength is way more than a gym.
For a budget gym i wasn't expecting much.
The gym is more spacious than you might think.
Fitness levels vary from the newbie to some pretty hot fellow work out peeps.
Nutrition and fitness are my specialties and i would never push myself this hard working out alone.
Fitness revolution scottsdale is awesome.
I have been attending this core fitness boot camp for 3-5 days a week for the last 8 months.
I love the diversity and structure of his training, and enjoy the group atmosphere.
Lee and fitness revolution scottsdale have my highest degree of recommendation!!
I've been training at this gym for a few years and love it.
It's a great gym for everyone especially athletes!
It wasn't really my style but i can see how some people would prefer a gym like this.
It really feels like you have a crazy friend that converted his home into a climbing gym.
The staff and clients of cf702 are very patriotic and willing to work with anyone of any fitness level.
I love this gym.
Never have i seen a gym so well taken care off.
I have tried almost every gym in scottsdale, this one has the best vibe by far.
If your looking for a gym, this is it.
I started going to this planet fitness locations a few months ago because i changed jobs.
Moreover, they are gym is clean.
The level of cleanliness is a lot better than other planet fitness locations, which is great.
Similar to other gyms, there is an abundance of cardio equipment, free weights, and machines.
Spire health club is an amazing gym.
Personalized workouts with smart trainers.
He is a wealth of info on health and fitness and makes our workouts fly by.
Nice, clean co-ed gym.
Us old folks aren't big on change... so when our favorite trainer moved to otf mv, we followed him.
We followed chris there, and in four months they have replaced his shifts with new trainers.
Chris and anthony are incredible trainers.
This is the gym i spend most of my time at.
My only issue is availability of equipment, in conjunction with the gym policies.
I also like that the cardio equipment is located upstairs and everything else below.
Reasonable price too especially considering everything this gym includes.
I've been a member of plenty of different gyms across 2 different states.
Golds, 24, la fitness, eos, ballys.. the list goes on.
This far and away is my favorite gym.
The second is the quality and variety of machines and weights.
24 hour fitness on craig is exactly what i want in a gym.
I know that a busy gym is a profitable gym.
I'd gladly pay double or even triple my membership fee ($29 a month) to keep the casual gym folk out.
This gym is perfect.
Join this planet fitness, you jerks who still can.
It's what you need a gym to be for a phenomenal price.
"real gym, real people, real weights"
We were visiting from out of town and finding a good gym is always tough.
This gym was definitely kept up well.
Definitely a gym we would go back to.
Super friendly team of trainers and workers as well.
The west park ymca is a wonderful place to fine-tune your fitness.
I'm a total gym newbie and this gym has been amazing so far!
This place is huge and has just about anything weights or equipment wise you need.
They have food to purchase just like all the other eos gyms.
Maximum fitness is an all around high quality gym!
The staff is friendly, the weights and equipment are organized and the gym is always so clean!
If i move to the area, you better believe i'll be a loyal maximum fitness customer.
After all, you lose a lot of the water weight first, then the hard weight loss comes after.
Before joining, i accepted the fact that being large & overweight was just going to be a way of life.
Due to my weight at the time, i had to take medicine to control my acid reflux and blood pressure.
I still have a long way to go in my weight loss.
Typically i hate group fitness, but this was refreshingly different than any other class i've taken.
The cardio boxing class on fri night is awesome.
The check-in kiosk system for classes is the best system i've experienced for a gym.
This gym has all of lvac's basic b's overflow.
Besides the selfie kings and queens and people hogging the free weights during peak hours i still like this gym.
3 stars ** gym opening: nice new gym.
I  love ace fitness!
!my personal trainer is nick and he always pushes me to new heights never let's me settle for less.
I fly all the way from monterey, ca every week to train because this gym offers nothing but results!!
I love a.c.e fitness and you will too!!
The gym, it's coaches, and it's members were great.
So i don't know where to begin to say how much i love this gym.
Just started this gym a week and man oh man i am sore but that is okay.
Upstairs is where you will find the machines and free weights.
Everything in this gym is new and top notch.
They also had a functional training room, which was pretty cool.
Their dumbbells go up to 125lbs, so they got weights for all fitness levels.
They also had a cardio cinema upstairs as well.
I really love this gym.
Trust your local athletic gym membership needs to las vegas athletic club.
The trainers are all welcoming -not gnarly dudes that you wouldn't trust alone with your daughter or wife.
Busy at night rush as is any gym but all other times of day, plenty of space and availability.
Well done la la laveen fitness!
I highly recommend you check out this gym, you won't be disappointed.
I have gone to kingwest fitness gym, kettlebells are everywhere in the gym.
It's like my own personal gym that someone else built.
This has to be my favorite gym in las vegas.
I used to be a member of lvac and fitness 19 until my friend recommended to try this one.
Unlike every other gym i have been to, every member that walks though that door is extremely considerate of others.
Everyone cleans after themselves and racks their weights, which rarely happens at most gyms.
This is a serious gym.
I finally found a gym i love.
This was an awesome gym with an outstanding workout!
This is by far the best gym in the valley.
I highly recommend this gym!!
The pricing is amazing too - especially the personal training packages!
Still, they're good motivation to get out of bed, the workouts are fun and the trainers push you.
Good gym if you're into your work outs.
Never have to wait for cardio machines or weights, and some of the best group classes with phenomenal energetic instructors.
I have gym memberships with my wife at all the area ymca's as well as anne springs.
Much better than having the heavy weights out in the open.
Using free weights is not all fun and games and i hate to see people get hurt.
We use this room for core training as well as jump rope and stretching.
Initially there were rumors that this was one of the best college gyms in the country.
All in all, v good, would gym again.
I go to this gym at night and i love how empty it is.
Trainer took time to help me and carved out time to show me a better rowing technique that definitely helped.
Something you simply won't find at other gyms.
I am working with fitness manager shawn for personal training and i couldn't be happier!
As for the "old lady gym" comment, yes, there are people of all ages who go here.
And seriously young kids there with their parents, lifting more than their body weight (super impressive!).
Since i've trained with mel, my life has literally changed for the better.
Bottom line is if you are training under mel and his team, you can't go wrong.
This fitness club is definitely aimed towards the upper echelons of the suburbans in vaughan.
Lifetime has a reputation for luxurious experience in fitness and this club definitely satisfies that regard.
The next two floors are designed especially for what lifetime is for; fitness.
Tires, battle ropes, kettlebells, weight sleds, you name it, it was there.
$160/month was the contract that was offered to me was just way too much to spend on for a gym.
When it comes to small neighborhood gyms, it's like russian roulette.
This place is awesome, the owners of the gym are always around and extremely helpful.
The gym is always pristine and bright.
Trish, the personal trainer there, is beyond wonderful!
Absolutely love orangetheory fitness moon valley and their amazing staff.
I am very picky about gyms and i need all the motivation i can get!
Everyone that i have talked to is very nice and there are no idiots that throw down weights or anything.
I enjoy the diversity of the gym too.
There are people who are experienced gym-goers to newbies and everyone seems happy.
The gym offers many workout classes and equipment.
Overall, it's a good gym with lots of options.
I love this place and this gym.
And you can lift weights after some awesome cardio!
Second floor is primarily the weights section with machines and free weights.
In this day & age social media is the best way to stay accountable & go to the gym.
I cant wait to return to vegas and train more at shine.
I look forward to training with her a lot more when i'm back!
I think the monthly trainings are great and andrea has really helped me.
The gym is growing and it probably would be a good thing to do.
:)   overall i enjoy the gym and think the equipment is suitable.
I would definitely recommend trying out this gym...i guarantee anyone would get addicted!!
Unlv's gym is quietly probably one of the best facilities in the city.
Sometimes it can get busy and there is a limited number of gym equipment available.
I recently moved to scottsdale a week ago and have been looking for a solid gym to train at.
I currently have an la fitness pass and have been to two of their locations that were mediocre.
I found this gym on yelp and wanted to see what the hype was about.
After being helped right away, i received my free week pass and a tour of the gym.
I've been there twice this week now and love that this gym has a old school kind of feel.
I can't say enough good things about this gym!!
Thank you thank you thank you for allowing me to train at your gym and helping me.
Gym deserves 10 stars!
A gym with more weights than cardio machines!
If you want to grab some iron, this is the gym you want to head to.
As pleasant as a gym could be, considering why you are going there.
Sure, i have been a gym member since before ellipticals, both in ny and fl, and this is top-notch.
I'm not a person who normally goes to the gym, so i really have nothing to compare this place to.
The gym is very clean and well maintained.
As everyone likes to point out, this gym is insanely busy.
I'm a cardio person so i never have any issues with finding a machine or an alternative.
The gym is just down the street from me so i will definitely keep going.
Hopefully they decide to build another eos gym nearby to alleviate the pressure here.
If i had more free time during the day, i'd totally go to the group fitness classes.
I've never had a problem getting a cardio machine, but then again, i've only gone during off-peak times.
All the instructors actually care about your fitness progress and are very attentive.
This is such a motivating place with members of all shapes and sizes in different stages of their fitness.
I pass three crossfit gyms on my way here, that should say enough.
Trainers are top notch and gym is new and clean.
I love all of the trainers - they're encouraging and really work on your form with you.
Great staff/trainers, great program.
I can come and go as i please (when my trainer says i have completed my work out to par).
I was very pleased to not see rows and rows of treadmills or other typical gym equipment.
Anyone who is looking for a new gym, just come to fieldfit.
I expected just treadmills and weight machines but they have way more than that.
No need for a commercial gym membership if one is able to train here.
I am continuing pole fitness in my area.
And free personal training.
That's typical of just about any gym, especially if you're there during peak times.
I started about a month ago and i love to train there.
I saw the advertisement for one week of free training and decided to check it out.
I wasn't in great shape coming into this but the trainers help you advance at your own pace.
This is the best gym in charlotte if you're an athlete.
I've been training with laura for over a year, now.
She has provided expert guidance, advice and motivation that has kept me consistent and working towards my fitness goals.
This is the place to be for fitness training!!
The trainers - you will like them.
I love this golds gym.
Great gym, great programming, great coaches!
Definitely a gym i will go to again if i'm in the area.
Incredible crossfit gym and community.
In general is a nice gym for a nice price.
The unlv gym is definitely my favorite place to work out.
The only way it could improve is by becoming a 24 hour gym, and by adding a sauna.
Other than that, i love this gym.
The trainers and owners are all so nice and talented teachers
I just do the open gym, but tom (co-owner/founder) is there, and he's friendly and supportive.
Occasionally, some other coaches/trainers come in with small groups, and everyone is convivial and funny.
This gym is not just good, it is great!
I've been going to pf for almost a year now and i have zero complaints about this gym.
Even though it may be smaller than most gyms, it has everything i need.
I've seen a tremendous change in my ability to lift and overall fitness.
I would recommend this gym to anyone.
They could be anything from punching bag, to weights, running (even suicides.
This eos is very busy but a great gym.
Smart gym is a great gym to join.
They offer a variety of fitness/fun classes at all levels!
If you are a true body builder or weight lifting enthusiast, this is the place for you.
Best muay thai trainer i have found in a long time!
I love the cycle classes this gym offers, specifically jenni on tue/thurs.
This place is the best gym in the area for the money and we love it here!
The facility is immaculately clean, spacious with tons of different machines, free weights, and an express work out section.
I go because it's the closest gym to where i live.
I've been a member of both lvac and eos and this is easily the best gym in the area.
Great little private gym with 24 hour access.
My trainer (shamar) is  absolutely amazing.
Just had my personal training session with q!
I highly recommend him for your personal trainer!
The home gym i now have is better than a health club!
Great environment and meticulously detail oriented trainer - ken - helps you perform the complex movements properly.
All of the workouts can be scaled to accommodate any fitness level.
The trainers are very motivating and are willing to show you modifications.
It felt like a glorified 24 hour fitness locker room.
This impression was especially magnified after checking in, paying my entrance dues, and walking past the *enormous* glass-enclosed gym facility.
If this gym was a man, i would not be single any more!
Bonus: no cardio boys--real men train here so sexy men with work ethic!!!
I come from fitness365 and i loove this gym!!!
If you are like me, a hardcore weight training loving girl(or boy), u gotta see this old school place!!!
Great gym for the price.
If you're looking for a gym in the downtown area, this is a great option.
The owner, coaches and staff care so much about their gymnists and parents.
Kudos to eos fitness's staff for providing quality employees like brandon!
There is more than enough weight for anything you could possibly want.
There are windows all around the outside of the gym.
The bathroom/ lockers/ showers are the old communal style like you'd expect in a gym.
The gym gets busy about 6-7pm but simmers down quickly.
Definitely give this location a try if you're apprehensive of gyms.
Been going to this gym for years now.
If you are looking for a fancy gym with saunas and jacuzzis, this isn't the place for you.
It has all of the machines and free weights that a beginner to intermediate body builder would ever need.
When something didn't go well with the personal trainers, he was on it -- corrected it and everything is golden.
Best gym i've ever attended!
Each session is closely monitored by a trainer for correct form.
The trainers also design modifications if needed by the client.
This has got to be the best gym in town!
's to view, plenty of weights and machines, basketball/volleyball courts, and a track.
Ready to put in work #acefitnesslv #itsaprocess #movetheworld #conquereverything #bootybuilding #mindbodysoul #lasvegas #unlv #vegasfitfam
Couple months ago, when i first moved to vegas, i was actively looking for a gym to workout at.
This was the best la fitness i have ever been to.
I truly love a.c.e fitness!
When i first joined this gym and did my first workout i was sore for the entire week!
I feel like i am working out where rocky would train!
I would never switch my gym for any other gym or any other world health.
The gym facilities are never swamped where you can't get on the machine you desire.
Plenty of treadmills; ellipticals and of course every weight management systems for amateurs or athletes.
Personal trainers available for personal motivation and upliftment.
Best gym in las vegas .
Its a very unique angle to approach fitness in my opinion.
I could see a benefit in training like this to many degrees.
This gym was extremely clean and had a very friendly owner.
I'm more of a class person so i typically do the 9:30/5:30/6:30 body pump (weights) and spin class for cardio.
Overall it's the best gym i've gone to and has everything i need that works with my schedule.
Each time i come i spend 1-2 hours lifting and end with cardio.
It's a nice gym honestly and the movie room is amazing.
This gym isn't as bad as they say it is.
It's an 8/10 clean gym  find steven... fist bump steven... then go pump some iron.
They offer a wide variety of classes (spin, grit, buti yoga, yoga, cardio dance, zumba, insanity, etc.
), which are all included with your gym membership.
Without a doubt the best fitness facility around.
Their personal trainers are incredible and they have a wall of photos showing customer results.
They really are a community gym.
You can choose to start with the cardio or the strength portion.
These cardio based workouts where everyone can see your numbers don't really allow for cheating!
Brandon kicked my butt today in my one on one personal training.
Hands down one of the best personal training sessions i've had in a long time!
I needed a change from the traditional gym routine.
Truhit is seriously the best gym i have ever been to.
It's been an entire year since i cancelled my membership and i'm still trying to find a gym that compares.
Have trained at goodlife in the past, but no plans to go back.
This gym is pretty new and you can tell by all the nice clean new equipment.
I enjoy working out at this gym, it doesn't ever seem to be crowded.
I recently added fgm to a fitness routine that includes running, spinning, strength training, yoga, and pilates.
This has been a great addition to my training.
It's a good gym.
They remember my name and i would recommend the gym to anyone.
As you guys can see from all the great reviews, this gym is the place to be at.
Yak's fitness has by far been the best gym experience i have ever had!
I got a great price for me and my two kids, no other gym with childcare offers memberships that affordable.
And zumba was very well attended, it will definitely be missed at that gym.
I'm a group fitness person, but am not going to pay extra for it on top of my membership dues.
Overall a good, clean gym with friendly staff.
I absolutely love a.c.e fitness.
I was not excited considering i hadn't gone to the gym in over a year and i was so lazy.
The trainers are all amazing & mere is sooo amazing as well!
Im so happy i joined & that i met all these amazing positive trainers!
I've canceled my regular gym membership and its changed the way i look at fitness.
So with that being said i signed up for a membership and a personal trainer.
Not the glamour gym.
This is a gym for people that want to work out not a fashion show for gym clothes.
The teachers are really helpful and knowledgeable, whether you are taking a ballet or  fitness class.
So with ballet fusion fitness i am getting the best of both worlds that i enjoy...dance and fitness.
I'm so happy to be back super stoked to find this gym!
Just started going to this gym and i'm already hooked.
I highly recommend this gym to everyone!
The gym has a great location with parking validation.
The facility is clean and has plenty of cardio and weight equipment.
She's an amazing trainer!
All the trainers are awesome and give one on one attention.
The head trainer, martin, definitely has a ton of experience and knowledge when it comes to personal training!!
He educated me on areas that will help me reach my fitness goals.
I highly recommend crossfit full strength to anybody in the phoenix area looking for a great crossfit gym!
Pro's:  lots of variety at the facility, weight room, cardio area, gyms, pools, hot tubs, track, exercise class rooms etc.
As far as the gym itself.
They have classes to fit your needs and a pretty good selection of machines and weights.
The gym is kept clean.
I also always see the eos staff walk around fixing broken down equipment or just simply putting away weights.
Everyone i've met - no matter his or her fitness level - has been friendly and supportive.
Barreworks are the og's of barre fitness in the city and it shows.
This training studio has it all!
Nick is the owner and trainer, and his is awesome.
He is knowledgeable about fitness, supplements, nutrition, and more.
She definitely is passionate about her job and it shows in the way the gym is ran.
I've been training with coach adam and can do more now (in my 50's) than ever before.
I am more of a free weight/ machines weight person.
The trainers are all fantastic and the energy is always high.
Cyclone is a mix of being on the bike and weight training.
After it is unlike any gym i've ever been to.
The trainers are so smart and passionate about what they do; they motivate me to stay active and fit.
How it will affect your body and your weight loss.
I can't believe the price for such a nice gym!
All the equipment is state-of-the art, and it is one of the cleanest gyms i've ever been to.
It hardly gets packed, so there's never a wait for machines or weights.
I've recommended this gym to all my friends.
It's crazy how cheap some other gyms are but they're not worth it unless you really just want a treadmill.
This location is big, has a very good layout, plenty of cardio or weight options, and classes.
The staff is very friendly, trainers seem to actually care which is a good sign.
The trainers have designed the workouts to ensure you get the most out of your hour long workout.
Thank you reinier, kerry and lindsie (trainers).
My routine is a class and than some weights or circuit training.
You have your typically circuit training consisting of 12-15 machines.
The are for the free weights do get crowded.
Worth the extra few dollars for a better gym, and coaches!
I strongly recommend la fitness at don mills!
So far, everyone has treated me like family and i finally have a gym i'm excited to be at!
Thank you jennifer and eos fitness!
I joined la fitness through my employers wellness program.
My initial intention was to swim, use the cardio equipment and take a class or two.
I signed up for two half hour sessions per week with a personal trainer, gordon.
Gordon is a great trainer knowing just when to step things up and push me that little bit more.
Ace fitness is the absolute best gym out there.
Ever since i started working out at ace fitness i have had an amazing experience.
The gym is also very clean which is so nice to see in a gym and a definite perk.
I have never been in such amazing shape and felt so great about my fitness until i joined this gym.
I am so proud to be able to conquer everything thanks to ace fitness.
The place is meticulously clean and smells clean and fresh compared to other gyms that reek of sweat.
I was suprised that even for a small gym they still have bathrooms and showers.
The trainers never make you feel bad about yourself either.
The workout floor has lots of great cardio equipment, treadmills, ellipticals, stairmasters, bikes, etc.
The first part of the training floor is all machine based labeled with body part area.
The next area of the training floor beyond the dividing wall is the free weight area.
The weight plates are the older cast iron metal plates.
Overall a great free weight area.
There is a great selection of leg training machines/devices in this specific area itself.
This area actually draws some of the bigger ifbb pros to come and train legs.
If you wanna lose weight-- this is the place you will lose it!
Pretty good pricing (month to month) and good training services.
Shoutout to stephanie who trained me for half a year!
They have a lot of good amenities - pool, women's only gym, fitness classes, spinning, etc.
Also goodlife is clearly a gym business, while sudbury feels like the gym isn't their main focus.
No other gym does that.
Plus it has trainers and a variety of free classes everyday.
My favorite gym by far!
Love this gym but warning !!!
Amazing crew and awesome gym with plenty of resistance training equipment cardio and even crossfit equipment.
We've been going to gold's gym at cityscape, downtown phoenix since feb 2011.
We like it a lot vs. the gym we used to go to, la fitness at camelback & highland...yuck!!!
It is nice & cool in there, compared to la fitness...always so hot & muggy.
Clean, well-planned, efficient, with a well-trained, relaxed staff.
I love this gym, it's the best one i've had a membership to so far.
This gym has such a neighborhood, no-judgement feel to it.
This is a great gym if you are looking for small and convenient.
If you are looking for a big gym that has a ton of classes this isn't for you.
I do wish they had some more smaller free weights.
So far it's great and i love going to a gym again.
This gym offers classes for almost every age group, and the equipment is always clean with no visible tears.
I love how it's truly a more personalized personal training class.
The gym is clean and the atmosphere is great.
She and chris are truly dedicated to fitness and well being.
Really nice gym - lots of cardio equipment and weight machines, good classes that aren't overcrowded, and friendly staff!
Overall, nice gym though!
I mostly use the cardio equipment, 30 minute express workout area and the floor mat area.
I don't tan or really venture into the other weight lifting area.
My husband took my son to north valley gymnastics for a bday party.
Since then, he kept telling me how much more i would like north vally gymnastics than arizona sunrays.
The open area where all the gymnasts practice are open with fantastic ventilation.
This is seriously the best gym ever!
All of the trainers are great too; they are all very motivating and genuinely care about your success.
I decided to make a longer term commitment after the challenge and signed up for their monthly training program.
Easily one of the best gyms around!
It looks like the space was not designed to be a gym - repurposed is the word.
Other gyms can have mouldy steam rooms.
Pittsburgh fitness project offers great group classes.
The trainers are friendly and positive.
I absolutely love my new gym.
The cardio equipment has individual tvs that even allow you to plug your ipod in to.
The locker rooms are the antithesis of every gym locker room you've ever experienced.
I had been looking for a fitness/exercise solution that i could fit into my schedule and be consistent about attending.
I met with john parker and leah s. @ the laveen location for a personal training assessment.
Personal trainer john parker gave me an excellent assessment and suggestions to help me reach my personal goals.
I love the cycle classes this gym offers, specifically jenni on tue/thurs.
Overall the gym has everything that is needed to get a good workout in.
If you want to be a champion of life, mma or submissions, visit jay's fitness center!
My husband and i are very satisfied customers of fitness 4 home.
I have been a member of this fitness group before and left due to traveling a lot for my job.
It doesn't feel like glob-gym that some of the other locations feel like.
D. this location is full of all sorts of people with varying fitness levels.
E. you can't see the ladies only gym at all unless you're a lady.
(add ins: child care, towel service, personal training, racquetball) k. there is also a smoothie, juice, snack, post-pre-workout bar.
I've only been a member of this gym and anytime fitness on midvale.
Though my last apartment complex had a mini gym in a community area.
This gym hits all the right spots for me.
Smart gym should hire more people like ryan who treats customers with care and appreciation!
I would recommend smart gym to my arizona friends anytime, thanks to ryan!
Hate going on vacations and you can't workout because some gyms require.
But the gym has everything you need for a good workout.
Found out that raw fitness and the camp used to have a partnership?
The drive from caesars to raw fitness was approximately 20 minutes.
Raw fitness currently have 4 locations in the las vegas area.
+1  4)  trainer:  the trainer for both classes i attended was, debi scaletta.
+.50  10)  raw fitness website, fb page & yelp page: no weekly schedule posted and i'd suggest sharing current tesimonials.
The fitness center is pretty good sized with over a dozen cardio machines, free weights and weight machines.
The cardio equipment worked well and there were several newer machines.
My colleagues used the weight machines and free weights and were also really pleased with the quality of the equipment.
The gym is kept clean and well stocked with towels, water, and wipes for cleaning the equipment.
Bodysport is the best gym we've ever been too.
Trainers are caring and knowledgeable.
I'm grateful my family found this gym, they've helped us lose weight, while doing it the healthy way.
It's a family oriented gym with lots of compassion.
Update:  we still love this gym, but due to recent issues, i thought it was necessary to update my review.
I've worked out at different gyms across the midwest and i love this gym.
Throw in the express gyms for easy, quick gym access when the weather gets bad and it's more ham ideal.
It contains mats, elastic bands, medicine balls, and free weights.
Definitely a gym for more serious lifters, and has plenty of free weights.
Lots of support and accountability- so it is a failure prof weight loss program.
Its a gym, not a restaurant, so i dont care if they are friendly.
Give me some free weights, a pool, a track and a court and i am a happy chica!
Fitness but i can honestly say i feel like a part of the family.
All the trainers are super friendly, but they are not afraid to push you during the workout.
Often you will see unlv sports' players and professional weightlifters inside the gym as well.
The cardio equipment is great and diverse.
The weight training room is the best in las vegas, hands down.
I've been to gold's, lvac, and 24-hour fitness, and none of theirs tops the unlv rec center.
They have two deadlift zones, along with deadlift weights.
I haven't seen this in any other gym.
Other gyms will eat you alive with their contract deals.
And you must open a rebelcard to work out at the gym.
Once you get all this garbage figured out, the gym is great.
It is a fairly large gym, and quite clean.
It can get crowded and the lighting makes it gloomy, but i would definitely recommend this gym.
They have a great variety of classes, equipment , trainers , pool & spa.
I love this gym all around.
Gym is always clean!
Other reviewers have commented on the gym being "dirty"... but i don't agree.
There are so many machines, free weights, studios and stretching apparatuses that my workouts may stretch several hours long.
The gym opens early and closes at midnight so there is absolutely no excuse not to go.
Since this is a school's gym, all of the dumbbells are racked in their appropriate spots.
At the old gyms i go to back home, the situation would be taken care of after a few days.
I don't really see these too often at other public gyms so it's definitely a plus.
You can also rent equipment from both the first and second floors of the gym.
They also offer nutrition and fitness assessments as well in this building.
As for the layout, the gym is pretty huge.
There's racquetball too and cardio equipment.
There's an area for olympic style weight lifting too.
I was with a certain chain gym for over 10 years and the customer service and loyalty changed...
I'm so happy to have found my new gym and i can't imagine going anywhere else.
In fitness/health matters, results are everything and i couldn't be happier.
At 72 years old, i recently began training with elvira again to improve some basic belly fat and mobility issues.
Besides physical training, she prepared a professional nutritional meal plan for my specific circumstances (love my meat!!).
I can't say enough good things about this gym.
The gym is clean, the staff friendly, and the quality of instruction is very high.
Had a blast and will be calling this my home gym.
The gym membership prices are competitive in comparison to other gyms this size along with the services and equipment offered.
The owners are very friendly and are passionate about fitness and health.
The gym is clean with well maintained equipment and bathrooms.
They have a decent selection of free weights, dumbells, machines, and cardio equipment.
Hands down the best gym i've ever been a part of, there is nothing else like it.
Their program is so intentional and the trainers are fantastic!
Whether you are just starting out or have been into fitness for years, it's definitely the place for you!
The gym is very clean, upbeat, and spacious.
You might need to wait longer now, now that this gym reduced the monthly membership dues.
I also trained with a few personal trainers at the gym and had positive experience/results.
All in all, a great gym!
This is a very clean gym, the wi-fi is fast, the people here are to themselves and polite.
A.c.e fitness is the best gym in las vegas!!
To start they have the most amazing trainers who are motivational and dedicated to you inside the gym and outside.
Such a great gym.
The trainers, management and staff are wonderful & friendly.
I would definitely suggest alex p as a a trainer.
I recently moved to south park area and needed a nice gym to work out at.
Plenty of cardio equipment, boxing room, cardio cinema, and big weights section.
The whole feel of this gym is that of an upperclass lounge.
Give this gym a try, you won't regret it!
But instead, for only $35 total (plus tip) i had a 1/2 hour personal training session!
I can't believe that for only $5 more i was able to have a personal training session!
I had the best trainer, joe.
He was so great and i wish i could have him as a trainer every day.
I didn't receive a service at the spa, just my personal training at the fitness center.
I have been a member at bodysport fitness for 10 months.
Different trainers on different days add an element of variety and surprise to keep you on your toes.
Lots of machines, free weights and they are all in there allocated spot!!
The gym is clean.
Plus if you are a shy lady they have an smaller more intimate all ladies gym.
I have been a member for over 4 years, and i don't plan on switching to any other gym.
Found orange theory fitness through an instagram ad and tried their first class free.
Jeff our trainer was in great shape and very motivating with plenty of high fives throughout the workout.
Big, lots of weights and machine, spinning, classes, pool, basketball courts, easy free parking.
The aria gym is well-equipped.
Every cardio machine has a tv (cable-ready).
All the weight machines are new and cleaned often.
The trainers seem to really strive to ensure every workout is a little different.
After much apprehension, i just started going to this gym.
I upgraded my membership and started taking small group training and omg, i found a class that kicked my butt!!
If your looking to get some great training in a friendly uplifting environment, check out jpjj & mma.
No matter what coach is training, they know where i'm at and help me to scale my workout just right.
Well, it must be a terrible, dingy gym right?
He let me try a day at the gym and i loved it so much that i signed up instantly.
I'm so used to chain gyms, it's nice to see a small gym owned by an honest guy.
Speaking of which, cancelling my gym membership of the one down the street by starbucks wink wink.
Support your local small gyms!
Looking for a comprehensive gym with almost every amenity for a great gym?
Look no further because you're about to see why this gym is so great.
A 6 or 8 lane olympic sized lap pool with jacuzzi and whirlpool in the back of the gym.
Treadmills and other cardiovascular workout machines are mostly on the first floor as well.
2nd floor: different rooms for various types of class (judo, pilates, cardio kickboxing).
The weight area here is great.
The frats often over populate the gym but this is normally from 4pm-7pm so avoid coming here at that time.
I used to be a member of a huge, competitive gym in town.
My membership expired and i was thinking of joining a smaller gym close to my home.
When i arrived i was impressed by the gym, all it offers, etc.
Could not be happier with this fitness center.
Plenty of equipment, good variety of classes to take for all fitness levels.
Personal training with travis rees fleming has been very rewarding.
The  afterburn group personal training classes are challenging and yield great results.
I recommend this fitness works to anyone who wants to maintain or improve their fitness.
I love this gym.
Skip the free personal training session offered when you sign up if you're not looking to get a personal trainer.
I never went to "gyms" because i felt like i wouldn't feel comfortable.
Judy gallagher works at fitness works, primarily teaching water aerobics classes.
I joined the gym because its close by my house.
I like the gym because i never had to wait for anything, even during peak hours like 4pm-7pm.
Gym is empty at times and the equipment are clean.
Always greats you when getting to gym and after working out!
Wouldn't tried crunch for any other gym!
He was friendly and patient and made me feel comfortable in starting at a new gym.
Great for strength training athletes!
Most people i know have a membership here and another at a gym with a better weight selection.
The cornerstone to the weight loss (besides simply following the instructions and committing to the program) is the meal plan.
I have been to over 30 orangetheory fitness locations nationwide and this one is top 3.
If this is you home gym you're in luck.
The trainers for always pushing and motivating me.
They have created a program and system that is much more than your "regular gyms".
It's a support network and you instantly gain friendship with the other members of the gym.
Top notch facility, the gym is always nice and clean.
Elements is a women only gym in the heart of uptown.
I love my home gym.
I've been to three planet fitness locations now, and this is by far the best i've ever been to.
This is a gym for people wanting to lose weight.
The variety of cardio and ab equipment is astounding.
And the crazy thing is unless you're going to the gym at 1:45 am, the bikes are all being occupied.
If you want to lift weights, they have weights but the weight selection is minimal.
They have plenty of machines, although i'd rather use the free weights.
The free weights build muscle quicker.
That is why i make the drive to stow for this gym.
Raw fitness is amazing!
I love the trainers, the workouts, and all of the support they have provided!
Besides the point let's get to the gym.
Some students lack the common sense for example doing weights where the actual weights are.
This impedes other from picking up weights.
Im halfway to my goal and thanks to ace fitness i'll be closer to accomplishing it day by day.
I'm a goodlife lover, and this gym is amazing.
I love the location, the showers, the staff and the look & feel of this gym.
I was exhausted, overweight and completely unhealthy.
He is a great mentor and trainer who truly invests in his clients.
The price is very reasonable for what the gym offers.
I am into bodybuilding and this gym has 4 squat racks as well as a smith machine for squatting.
The weightlifting area is decent sized, but, there are still times when you're tripping over bodies to get a bench.
The gym is laid back and the other members are a good bunch.
This place is a great gym.
There are the occasional "gym characters" here and there but overall a great place to work out.
Peak hours can get a bit packed with classes and trainers.
I can't find a gym nearby that has a dry sauna and a swimming pool for the price.
I've only been coming to edge fitness for about a month, and i already feel at home here!
Wasn't a big fan of going to gyms, but this place is small, quaint and completely awesome!
I hired a personal trainer nikki from there, and she definitely makes me feel like i'm a vip!
I wouldn't go to any other gym!
I've also received lots of personal attention during the group fitness classes to correct and perfect my form.
I appreciate that from the trainers, and the encouragement they give during class.
I absolutely love this gym!
I haven't worked with a trainer but notice a lot of others do.
I workout with shamar and he is an amazing trainer!
The gym is a tad small but i do love the facility and would highly recommend signing up.
Workouts focused on trx bands, kettlebells, jump roping, rowing, and body weight movements.
Now back to the gym in general,  the polished concrete floors and the work out areas are consistently spotlessly clean.
Special shoutouts to the great previous and current trainers here!
After my husband and i moved to vegas, we were in desperate need for a good gym.
We looked into lvac, eos, planet fitness, and others, but never got a good vibe from them.
However, we felt really welcome when we walked into yak's fitness.
We love private gyms, and this facility is so incredibly clean.
Chris, the owner, knows all the regulars at his gym, and i really appreciate that in a business.
If you're looking for a no-nonsense gym that is clean, friendly, and professional, you've found your place.
I just want good machines and weights.
He does a great job at keeping the workplace culture and gym atmosphere positive, as far as i can tell.
Chris is an awesome trainer who gets results.
Spa, salon and fitness center are all located seperatly.
So there goes my walking, i didn't even need to use the fitness center, i'd had enough exercise already!
Okay so first of all there are like 40 of these gyms in phoenix.
The trainers are super friendly and encouraging.
Stopped into yak's fitness with my girlfriend on our drive to california.
I like to do calisthenics and they have a set of rings and a functional fitness training area.
I would recommend this gym
This gym was completely different than what i was expecting the first day i walked in.
I've had good experience with resistance training, but i wanted to take my workout to the next level.
The price is excellent and very competitive to other gyms.
For a guy who likes to weight train and doesn't yet use dumbbells over 90 lbs.
Reiner  and kerry couldn't be better trainers and friends.
The most important thing to the owners/trainers is to make sure you're having fun doing it.
Been here for the weight lose program twice and it's just simply amazing!
Great trainers great company!
I could go on and on about how great it is but everyone must try this gym at least once.
A nice switch up from my regular cardio routine.
My first time going to this gym.
Amazing trainers on the east side are super friendly and always willing to answer questions.
Gym is kept clean and i have never waited for equiptment unless it is january 2nd.
People do not put their weights away and it is frustrating trying to find what you need.
I just joined this gym and so far it is great.
The treadmill, elliptical, and stairclimbers are on par with other expensive gyms.
I am happy to write a positive review for this gym.
The staff is very friendly and this gym puts a big emphasis on being customer driven.
In a world full of big box gyms, wynn's customer service approach sets them apart!
I have been very satisfied with the gym so far -- clean locker rooms, towel service, decent amount of equipment.
I enjoy that each machine (in the downstairs main cardio room) has its own tv which you can control.
The gym is 24 hours during the week, but it's only open until 6 pm on saturday/sunday.
All of the staff is welcoming; well trained and super helpful to any question one might have.
Title boxing is always clean and it also smells good, something that does not often occur in a gym.
I moved to charlotte earlier this year and tried lots of different gyms through class pass.
Previously my routine was made up of spin 3 times a week and weight lifting 2-3 times a week.
I get the cardio, weights, and intensity every single workout.
If you want a gym with amazing people, kick ass instructors, and to get your ass kicked every single time..join.
Planet fitness, you can do better.
I am a big fan of planet fitness in general.
You always see all kinds of people working out there from all different age groups and fitness levels.
What a great gym!
Other than that, i enjoy this gym everyday!
Power hour is a great gym.
I tried going when michael was there, he was definitely the best trainer!
Better day at the gym today.
Love everything about this gym.
And the trainers are so encouraging and really push you to challenge yourself and do the best you can.
Power hour 360 is a wonderful gym!
I loved the combo of cardio, weights, and boxing.
So to avoid further harassment from my daughter we decided to look into joining a gym about a month ago.
For the price the ymca is definitely worth checking out if you are considering joining a gym.
Lots of different fitness levels so don't be intimidated if your a rookie, you can do it!
This is more than a gym, it's a community.
Super affordable, staffed with people who support whatever you're trying to do-- all age ranges and fitness levels.
This is part of the natural progression... food+drinks+love of fashion = i need to go to the gym!
I have a gym in my building but i was intrigued about taking classes.
Love this gym so much!
The best part of this gym are the xgt classes-they make you sweat!
I primarily used the cardio and weights room.
The cardio machines didn't have fans either so it felt a little like a hotbox.
The weights and machines are definitely older but functional.
Age range for this gym is all over the place and i like it for that fact the most.
This truly feels like a gym for everyone.
This is one of my favorite planet fitnesses in the area.
I am a workout junkie (cardio sports, compound weightlifting, etc.)
Brad is one of the best fitness instructors i have ever seen, especially in the early mornings - wow!
And do squats with weights!
I've also lost quite a bit of weight, gained muscle, and learned to really appreciate what my body can do!
I'd give truhit, the community, and the trainers 10 stars if i could.
Probably the best service we ever received buying  fitness equipment.
1st floor: amassed with the most top notch cardiovascular equipment from treadmills to stairways.
Though i don't do cardio through machinery, i can tell you it looks great.
I have never seen an indoor hockey court in a gym.
2nd floor: consists of a very clean and organized weight room.
Oh and its free weights including powerclean ramps!!
If you aren't a student, you can still sign up for the gym at a cost of $25.
Everyone needs to check out this gym!!
Get a membership now before they blow up so big, you'll never be able to get a trainer.
This is the best gym in the area.
You can't beat the price for what this gym has to offer.
Not only are the ballet classes amazing, but the fitness classes as well.
We actually look forward to going to the gym in the evening after work.
I can't say that about my previous training regimens.
With crossfit you have to be careful about the gym you pick as they are definitely not all the same.
This planet fitness has a courteous staff and a wide range of exercise weights and machines.
For such a cheap rate it really is a nice gym.
Free weights only go up to 75 lbs.
I've noticed that every trainer is very responsive to all of the athletes, regardless of your skill level.
Love my new gym home.
Great fun way to get in your cardio.
The gym can be intimidating at times because it's usually filled with people who really know what they're doing.
Of course its crowded but every gym is with prices this attractive.
I have taken numerous classes here and every staff member/trainer has been fantastic and encouraging.
Old school gym with all the essentials and no frills.
The important stuff - - the weights!
This gym is really awesome!
Before you know it, the full-body, cardio mix workout is over!
Nick lewis is my trainer & he pushes me to my limit every workout.
Even if he isn't there, i don't mind training with anyone else because they are all great!
Thank you for finally putting a gym in vegas where we have fast results & most of all, fun!
Highly recommend a.c.e fitness!
Sometimes there are delays in the building and permitting divisions of the city, especially in a health and fitness business.
This is a nice clean gym located conveniently off of 215 and durango.
Lots of new equipment and a decent space for functional and body weight workouts.
They have a pool and a half basketball court for different ways to get your cardio in.
This is one of the biggest fitness centres calgary has to offer.
Best trainer i've ever had!!
I appreciate the training staff too.
All the coaches at magna are incredible and provide excellent coaching and training.
I have found my new fitness home at magna!
Gale makes sure you are hitting your peak performance by pushing you to do more and take on more weight...
Way less crowded than any other la fitness, with basically the same equipment.
The gym itself must be going through a renovation because it is a bit disorganized.
The trainer and the workout blew me away.
We didn't have to wait in lines to hit the weights.
The guys at the gym were polite (no creepers).
It will currently be our gym of choice.
We decided to join due to the gym not forcing long membership contracts.
This gym is very nice and clean.
I've been training at madabolic for 7 months.
Every workout varies time, weight and length of the work vs. rest periods.
The trainers are motivating.
Really love training here.
Christina's cardio tai box and overdrive classes are amazing!
Can't wait for my free personal training session with him soon
Let me just say i absolutely love ace fitness.
The atmosphere is awesome and the trainers are so encouraging.
Definitely a gym you have to check out!
I also appreciate that they have a separate private gym for women for religious purposes or just privacy.
I have trained with john, brandon, and lee.
They are all three amazing trainers and push me to my limit every time.
I couldn't be happier with the gym.
I have never trained at another jiu-jitsu school and neither have my 2 kids.
We have only trained with jay.
This includes both cardio and weight machines.
For those who want to work out at 5 am before work, this gym is perfect.
The fitness classes and the teachers are great.
A very nice group atmosphere for those who feel the gym is a bit isolating/big.
-i haven't done a ton of searching, but i do think it's more expensive than other gyms.
I started coming to this gym about 5 weeks ago.
He is super involved in all aspects of the gym.
Overall - love this gym.
Was a member of this gym for over a year.
I just recently got involved in group training with trainer lauren.
This is easily the best gym i've ever been to.
The old unlv gym was a dank basement like facility, so unlv built this beautiful gym two years ago.
The second floor has a myriad of weight lifting machines and free weights.
From yoga to "boot camp," they have a class for all levels of fitness.
Sam and adam are the best personal trainers there!
The gym is always clean - do it yourself, if you use it, clean it.
They also offer free personal trainers.
Why do i like this gym so much?
I don't do this unless i'm in the gym alone lol.
I like this gym a lot.
I've been at some gold's gyms with black-maroon themes under warehouse lighting and it sets a different mood.
I'm a weights and cardio guy, so i can't speak to too much beyond that.
The free weights room is enormous and also separated from the equipment room.
That's nice because the free-weight room does have its own ever so slight but not so unique fragrance.
Of all the gyms i've joined in my life (4 now), la fitness is both the cheapest and most pleasant.
Nick is the man, he is a great fitness coach.
This is the best place for fitness and nutrition.
As far as planet fitness locations go, this one is exactly what you might expect.
No nonsense gym with tanning and massage chairs for black card members.
* -(that was me talking to the lame noisy guys who do this at other gyms).
This isn't a house of pain dungeon gym, and you're expected to comply.
This gym is very convenient as far as location.
This is my favorite gym.
Matt curran is a great fitness manager.
Always willing to answer questions and help with how to use the weight machines.
I absolutely love this gym.
I've worked out at every gym in the valley.
There is something for everyone at this gym.
If ur a peacock that needs constant attention from everyone in the room, this isn't ur gym.
In other words, if ur not a douche, this is the gym for u
Best gym in dt.
Crossfit curious ;d  in the mood to do crossfit and try my first class i stumbled upon this gym!
Ace fitness is truly an amazing gym.
I am a member of the unlv pom team and am extremely grateful to have ace fitness as a sponsor.
The trainers and environment are amazing and i constantly feel motivated.
The trainers are really there to help you improve your mind, body, and soul.
I recommend this gym to anyone and everyone.
Thank you ace fitness for everything you have and are doing for my team and i!
#acefitnesslv #itsaprocess #movetheworld #conquereverything #bootybuilding #mindbodysoul #lasvegas #unlv #vegasfitfam #unlvpom
So happy to have found a gym that is open early during the weekdays in pgh.
One of my favorite gyms to go to.
Cinema room is great for cardio and not many people are in it.
Wish they had more free weights and benches.
I still have my regular gym membership, but i thoroughly enjoy attending classes at pfp to switch up my routine.
I've really enjoyed the strength and circuit trainings that we've done.
This gym gave me a week pass without question, hassle free, no sales pitch nothing!
This is the most well organized, clean, gym i've been to.
I've worked out at lifetime fitness, at various equinox locations, 24 hours.
And this gym has totally won my heart and soul hahah!
I wish this gym was in los angeles!
Can't wait to return to arizona, just to use this gym again.
This gym is unique like anything of its kind.
I personally love the equipment ranging from the strength training machines all the way to the cardio cinema.
Its like literally this gym has just about everything you need.
This is personally my favorite gym in charlotte.
The gym is clean, tons of parking, lots of options for $25/ month.
Absolutely love this place, and the trainers!
My trainer's name is samantha and she is absolutely amazing.
She even makes herself available to you outside of your training session.
I would highly recommend this gym, and samantha to anyone
The eos fitness has an incredible staff!
I visited several gyms before becoming a member.
I love my trainer rashad - he's super knowledgable, professional, experienced, personable and chill.
People of all ages work out there in all fitness levels and it's a very encouraging for a newbie.
I'm losing weight, getting some lean muscle and pounding away my anxiety.
Bottom line: best gym in las vegas.
I came from 24 hour fitness and cancelled my membership immediately after joining yak's.
Dont like gyms and have a hard time getting strength training in?
Its a gym that doesn't feel like a gym!!
He also does alot of motivating and educating outside the gym with fb which is hugely helpful!!
Ive gone to alot of different gyms: small boutique studios and the big box gyms.
This is, by far, one of the best gyms i've been to.
The trainers and owners are amazing and always there to motivate and help you.
I attended this crossfit gym for about 9 months a while back.
I'd recommend trying it out and making your own decision, but as crossfit gyms go, this is a good one.
The renovated gym is great.
Aside from that, the gym is outstanding.
A decent range of classes are included in membership, from yoga to strength training.
The fitness center isn't big, but it's fairly complete.
There are several cardio options, a full set of dumbbells and around ten machines.
A great gym and a great value for your money...i highly recommend joining.
No matter what fitness level you are at, you will be able to complete the workouts and the movements.
This place was formerly a blockbuster video and they really turned it into a nice little gym.
I am glad i don't have my lvac membership anymore, this gym is way better and is not packed.
They have all the machines the other planet fitness have.
This is a very traditional 'hard core' old skool gym.
Its for serious fitness people.
The one thing that is very different with this gym is that they welcome independent trainers to sub-lease space there.
In other words, a trainer can pay them a monthly rental, and use the facility to train their clients.
This is a gym for the truly dedicated.
When i joined there, it was run by a couple of trainers who were brilliant.
But a die-hard gym junkie will love this place.
I have been to many gyms in vegas.
Power hour 360 is the best because of the personalized group training.
Very individualized training in a group setting.
There is a nice mix of people: seniors, young mothers and professionals, and fitness elites.
This gym is very large and never feels overly crowded.
Good mix between cardio and weights.
The gym is always clean and the locker / shower rooms were recently renovated.
Yea for in the ra fitness!
I'm from out of town and she made me feel like i was at my home gym.
In las vegas and henderson, i feel we are truly saturated with gyms.
I currently have 3 gym memberships that i absolutely do not use.
Gerry is extremely observant on what ones capacity and abilities are with weight training.
When i'm there i feel as if he's my celebrity personal trainer!
Moreover, it seems like my go to equipment in the gym is always the treadmill.
Remember, to ask for gerry or mel there as you will not find a better trainer!!
I never been a going to the gym and working out person but i love going to a.c.e fitness.
This is comparable to working out with a personal trainer, but at a fraction of the cost.
There are modifications for every exercise which is good since everyone in class in is at a different fitness level.
I love this gym!
There are enough weights to go around!!
They have kettleballs and jump ropes which are rare finds in a gym.
Loved the mix of strength and cardio - super efficient and challenging workout.
The gym and locker room can be crowded during these times, but there's minimal waiting times for the gym machines.
There is a squash court, open gym, and recently they allocated more space for a stretching area.
Overall, the gym has your necessary gym equipment and space to work out.
This is my fav goodlife gym in toronto.
I am so glad i chose core studios for my training  as for their services and facility.
Jazzercise is a mix of zumba, dance, aerobics and cardio.
There's usually a weight or ab sequence snuck in near the end.
The trainers (megan, erin, and brian) are top notch and genuinely care about their clients success.
I joined the gym just because of day care and classes, i am a member of other gym too.
Machines and free waights areas are ok, but cardio line needs attention.
Fit society is a great gym.
You'll leave the gym after each workout feeling glad you went in!
All in all i like the gym so far.
I didn't do a workout today but the fianc did and he loved they gym.
He has been crossfitting at another gym in town for over a year.
If you want a gym that will get ypu where you want to be this one works
Founding member of this location and first time orangetheory fitness enthusiast.
I left a near pointless gym membership for this workout.
All four trainers do challenging yet motivating classes and their energy is infectious.
I've been a part of several gyms in the past but this location is by far my favorite!
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone and everyone.
I recently started training with john allen.
I am committed and recommend anyone with fitness goals to go check out john allen and his team.
Best personal trainers ever!
Planet fitness is $9.99/month.
That price cannot be beat if you are looking for a gym membership.
The gym includes classes taught by a trainer that you simply sign up for if you want to take.
I love working out at after it group fit classes with trainers nick and sierra.
I always feel comfortable here and encouraged to meet my fitness goals.
I recommend after it to anyone who lives in the area and wants a new gym experience.
I love this gym!
Despite that, i still love the gym and the clientele.
By far the best gym in scottsdale if you are looking to work up a sweat with no frills.
Great cardio area, huge weight room and very clean.
Great service #conquereverything #unlv #vegasfitfam #mindbodysoul #bootybuilding #acefitnesslv #movetheworld #itsaprocess #lasvegas
I've been coming to the classes that this gym offers since i pay for it with my membership each month.
Today my family and i had our consult with a personal trainer.
Our trainer's name is q.
As a family we know we need to get fitness and a diet program on track.
It definitely pushes me to work out harder than my own workouts at the gym.
Pros: what i care about most is the cardio group exercise classes, and the instructors are excellent.
The staff and fellow gym-goers are overall friendly and make it a good experience.
Bottom line: depending on what you want from a gym, it might work for you.
Yak's gym is legit.
He gives off a good vibe and it translates to the members that train at the gym.
I find yak's gym's atmosphere is great for really zoning in and getting into your workout.
So if you are looking for a nice gym that doesn't get crowded, i'd recommend you checking this place out.
I really enjoyed this gym.
I highly recommend this gym for anyone interested in gymnastics or just exposing your child to the sport.
This is a no frills gym...just what i'm looking for!
Like a neighborhood gym.
I think that most of the negative reviews i've read about this gold's gym really stem from people's own insecurities.
Show up, work out hard, and go home feeling better about yourself... that's what gyms are for!
No air conditioning, free weights and no one is there to be seen by their neighbor like commercial gyms.
The personal trainers are top notch.
Going tonight for my 3rd class, trying cardio pilates class!
Great gym with a ton of weights and a great environment.
I would recommend this gym to anyone
Has everything you need from free weights to machines to even a swimming pool.
During peak hours it can get a little busy but what fitness place doesn't?
The trainers and staff are really knowledgeable and always there to help you out.
I'm super excited about this gym.
Secondly, the gym looks amazing.
Overall, i highly recommend this gym.
I am thrilled to call crunch fitness gilbert my new gym home.
The staff is so friendly but about the trainers, letmetellyou they're amazing.!
The trainers push me to my fullest potential.!
If you are adamant about trying this fitness center.
You become part of a family there, with big brothers you never had haha  amazing trainers.!!!!
My boyfriend & i have been looking and trying out several gyms before committing to one.
We tried eos , lvac , 24 hour fitness , lifetime fitness , etc.
None of those gyms made us want to actually sign up and buy memberships.
I'm glad we found the right gym for us :)
The staff is amazing and many train competitively so they get it!
This gym is major!!!
It is extremely clean, which a gym should be.
The cardio machines are way cool.
The views from the gym are excellent.
I did my cardio workout the other day and watched all of the planes flying into sky harbor.
Gold's gym elite in phoenix is not overly crowded which makes working out there so much more enjoyable.
I was a member for a long time to a very popular gym in this part of the valley.
I gladly ended my membership and joined gold's gym elite.
Thank you shane and i will definitely recommend you and task fitness.
Over all a good gym... has just about everything u need to get a complete workout in.
The formula of success and ultimate fitness.
I have been going to this gym since august and signed up for a personal trainer right away.
My trainer is gordon, he is great!
Very informative during our training sessions.
I signed up for training to get stronger.
I see the results from working hard but i couldn't have done it without my trainer.
Signing up at this gym was a great decision.
I like the gym and people a lot.
I highly recommend this gym!
Been doing crossfit for a while but having moved for a 3rd time, i needed a new gym nearby.
The gym is a bit small but the owner, mike, runs a great program.
He helped me see the right plan for my goals in fitness and was very easy to talk to.
He didn't make the whole "gym" experience intimidating.
The gym itself is big.
It has classes, weights, treadmills, cross fit equipment, pool, sauna, and a big theater room!
Overall, great gym for the price!
Only the newest and best equipment is good enough for this gym.
Every cardio machine is equipped with its own personal television with cable.
There are weight machines for every muscle group you can think of.
This really is an amazing gym.
I go to the gym to lift and do calisthenics.
Cardio is not a high priority.
I have been attending this la fitness facility for a couple years now.
The gym is outdated, but considering the age of some equipment and structure, the housekeeping employees do their best.
The machines are always being worked on, but so are the ones at the newer gyms too.
With the help and expertise of elvira i lost 80 pounds in 4 months despite my initial poor fitness level.
I'm stronger now at 40 years old than in my 20's training in the army.
She is truly gifted with not only immense fitness knowledge but with methods of motivation.
I love this gym.
), but i will definitely miss having a gym like this.
I've been to my share of cf gyms in many states.
The gym is a legit box.
It has the feel of an old school boxing type gym.
Great gym - lots of equipment.
Only complaint - some of the employees are a tad undertrained and seem to have been hired yesterday
Focused efforts with my trainer john long have turned in to habits that are producing great results!
But everyone needs to know this gym is completely renovated now.
This is one of the best la fitness gyms in the valley.
Very knowledgeable, and friendly and he takes great pride in taking care of his gym and his clients.
This gym has everything you'll need and more!
I loooooooooove this gym.
When asked to join a gym (tried duff.
I had enough with gyms and frankly, trying to work out.
Especially the personal training considering the trainers here are awesome, totally down to earth and really willing to help you.
I assume that goes for any gym, so for those complaining about rush hour work outs - duh!
Overall, i love it here, i recommend this gym to everyone!
If you look through my review history you will take note that i frequent many different gyms.
Mega- gyms, boutique gyms and specialty gyms.
The trainers are encouraging and supportive.
The floor is a gymnastics type floor that gives when you walk on it.
It's true that membership is higher than at a mega-gym, but it's on par with boutique gyms.
This gym/fitness club is what you decide it is going to be for you.
His knowledge and education of nutrition and fitness gives this club an advantage.
If you are going to decide to commit to fitness, i can't think of a better facility, manager or trainer.
He gave me a quick run-through of his gym, and i immediately got to work!
Fellow gym goers are courteous too.
I have not encountered any gym d-bags here that usually plague the other more popular gyms in town.
Trainers friendly, motivating, knowledgeable and play great music.
Forget the big gyms it would take you years to accomplish what you could at title in a few months.
Good gym although it is very crowded as this is the only one on this side of town.
We had a fantastic time at shine alternative fitness.
It was a great experience for everyone of multiple fitness backgrounds.
Throw away your gym membership and also some of your pride, because it is very challenging, i can't lie.
I'm a fan of the unlv gym.
I love that it's included in my tuition and offers all the same stuff as gyms other people pay for.
If you're a unlv student, definitely take advantage of this opportunity and use the gym!
Ryan's very committed to his personal training.
I was very upfront about my fitness goals with ryan, and to my relief he was very understanding.
I also forgot to mention he has a private gym that's pretty informal.
Omg brittnae at eos fitness on durango amazing.
The owners are welcoming especially the two large pups that roam the gym are pleasant.
Give this place a glance if you're hunting for a great gym.
She didn't even have to sell the place, i already loved it compared to previous gyms i joined.
This is by far the best gym i joined.
Chris and shelly do an awesome gym to keep their equipment in good condition.
I will never join another gym (unless they close down, i hope that day will never come!).
I promise people, you will not be disappointed if you join this gym!.
As of right now, i'm working with my trainer rex.
This gym is my first, and he's been very welcoming to me.
I would definitely recommend him to anyone who is looking for a trainer.
I train one on one with denny garcia and truly love it.
I have been a gym member at many different places for decades and never really got much better.
Just joined this gym yesterday and came in this morning for my first work out!
I trained with kayce at figurefitmiss for nearly 4 years!
The best part for me was the small group training sessions.
The gym she trains out of is serious 'and' kind!
I got grandfathered in for a gym they bought out.
I like the theater cardio  room.
I like that it has a pool, racket ball, free weights, and cable machines.
I think it's the 2nd best cycling gym in the area.
They do a little arm session with hand weights.
I love this gym!!!!
Most of the cardio machines have their own tvs which makes working out more entertaining!
This gym is equipped with anything you need!
This gym is always always always crowded.
The trainers are energetic and enthusiastic about each person getting the maximum experience from every class.
Best gym i've been too so far and i've been to a lot.
A very nice gym indeed.
I found this to be a clean gym with fairly new equipment and maintained in good working order.
No frills gym and i'm more than ok with that.
It's an old school neighborhood gym that offers everything i need for a good workout.
I hate paying a ridiculous amount of money to work out at a gym where people are rude and superficial.
I don't feel intimidated trying out free weights amongst the guys who've clearly been working out for years.
Way cheaper than my la fitness.
Youfit is only weights and cardio.
They have essentially everything i use at la fitness but cheaper.
Youfits cardio equipment is a huge upgrade.
And it lacks the combat boot wearing sleeveless hoodie skull cap wearing weight slamming muscle heads.
I have only trained at the harrisburg golds for now.
But will be training downtown charlotte with in the month.....and i can't wait to.
He gave great advise and set me up with my first training session!
I am impressed with how clean and well maintained this gym is.
That is saying something since i have a 24 hour fitness 5 minutes away from my house.
I came into yak's fitness as a local, but i've been out of state for school since i was 18.
This place doesn't have the long gimmicks and the empty promises of the regular gyms around the valley.
The gym is also very clean.
The trainers over at orange shoe provide exactly that.
They are great at making class challenging for all fitness levels.
Wodify is great because you get to track your gainz, thursdays are yoga days/open gym, and sunday's are open gym!
Some of the reviews on this gym are pretty funny to read why they were unsatisfied.
I was enrolled to planet fitness and no childcare was a big problem, i hardly ever worked out.
One of the best (gym) experiences out there!
Head trainer brandon very knowledgeable & great at providing overview of the place & tailoring exercises to individual needs.
Working out at the gym can become very boring and i find it hard to push myself.
Core fitness bootcamp pushes you to get the best results in a short amount of time.
Great people, great high level instruction and all around fun place to train.
I like this gym.
The only things i don't like are the things the gym can't control.
I feel less comfortable there but at least the gym isn't gross like fitness one.
I don't wanna use the weight machines because i'm afraid of all the leftover meat juice.
There were some great classes, great trainers, and the facility was clean.
I must relocate myself from la fitness to here.
This place is so clean, weights and everything is put back in the right place.
This is a great gym.
The first floor has some treadmills, stairmasters, bikes, and other cardio equipment.
The gym offers equipment rentals as well.
This area also have a few cardio equipment.
There is also an area to do floor exercises with medicine balls, light weights, floor mats, etc,.
I have visited many gyms in the las vegas area.
I love this gym!
The customer service is excellent as well as the actual spa , gym and salon .
This has been the best training facility i've frequented.
The owner & the trainers take a personal interest in your growth & your health.
The trainers are all excellent, motivating & know how to push you to give your all.
Outstanding gym in an unusual location.
The owners purchased a former department store and turned it into one of the best gyms in pittsburgh.
Their selection of free weights, machines and cardio equipment is truly sensational.
They gym has recently focused on promoting their crossfit classes which are challenging and rewarding.
Highly recommend this gym.
Bill, who runs the gym, has more experience with crossfit than anyone else in the area...by far!
All the trainers are amazing and willing to tailor the workout to what you need.
There is a wide range of athleticism at this gym, making everyone fit in.
I've lost the extra weight, and i'm in better shape now than ever before.
I love my raw fitness family!!!!
This is one of the few gyms in vegas that ill give a 5 star rating.
Another amazing little tidbit is that the security guard at this gym actually seems interested in his job.
The gym is as well maintained as you would expect the gym.
But overall, i give this gym a 5 out of 5
I enjoy this gym and it is close to my house.
I love my new fitness center.
How do you spell great fitness center?
24 hour accessibility, clean new building with new fitness machines.
There are loads of weight equipment, cardio machines, a pool and lots of extra rooms for schedules classes!
Though field fit takes you to a new level of fitness & strength training.
This gym is killin it right now.
As far as personal training goes, their rates are super competitive and cheaper than most spots in the area.
This gym and training staff is there for you.
This is the type of gym well you will learn everybody's name and everybody will know yours.
The gym also has 24 hour access which i really love.
Like any another gym don't go during the peak times in the evening between 5-9pm.
The gym is always clean and well organized.
We previously went to another gym in town and after thousands of dollars nothing was learned!
The gym is co-located with another gym / weightlifting facility.
I love this gym!
A trainer is watching you and recording your progress (along with the group of people working out).
I have been to many gyms thru the years and so far, this is my favorite.
There are also sofas around the gym, so not just chairs.
I love this gym.
Nice gym but smells mildly of sweat and feet inside, but i suppose that's to be expected.
Overall it was a fun experience and the gym is great with lots of variety in climbing difficulty.
Some people have difficulty grasping the concept of planet fitness.
It's just high quality fitness equipment geared at getting you in shape.
Keep doing what you do planet fitness because i'm a fan!
The space is huge and didn't have to wait for any walls or training, etc.
Beautiful gym and the staff is always so friendly.
I would particularly recommend his services to anyone who is a bit reluctant to take the leap into personal fitness.
The gym area at harris is acceptable but times are limited due to the number of patrons.
Not the biggest ymca, but this one will probably be my go to gym.
I counted 4 people in the weight room, and 7 ppl on the two basketball courts.
I can hit everything i need to in the weight room and shoot some hoops afterwards.
The gym has everything you could want.
Great gym...lots of equipments.very clean..just wished they had a steam room, just a dry sauna...
Very clean gym, nice atmosphere.
This gym is a gem.
Fitness connection is and they actually take care of their equipment.
As a beginner, the instructors made me feel welcome and motivated even though my skills were untrained.
Every class has a trainer.
I love this gym!
It is a very nice, low key gym which i really like.
Great gym, but if you ever try to cancel your agreement count on paying 2-3 months longer than expected.
This gym is a few blocks from my house and is slightly bigger.
It is still a really nice gym and so convenient.
Thank you lvac for making my gym experience at this location enjoyable!
Life time is the best gym i've ever stepped in.
Great gym focused on building the athletic skill and self esteem of young children.
My "home" gym is gastonia, but i prefer this one.
The trainers and front desk staff are pretty fantastic.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone interested in pushing themselves to beyond their limit.
This is one of the nicest planet fitness locations in charlotte.
Solid amount of pulleys, free weights and squat racks, weight machines are upstairs along with more cardio.
We took a tour of the gym and i have to say that the facilities are impressive.
This is a great gym.
The trainers are great motivators and push you to go beyond what you think you can do.
Core to my conditioning and overall fitness is my workout at stockyards boxing.
The trainers are motivating and courteous to all members.
Trainers are all awesome, and i want to mention a few of them here in this post.
The drills include boxing, along with your upper body, lower body, cardio, everything!
He changes it up and one class includes everything to help with cardio, strength and conditioning.
After some bananas and a v8 we worked out in their huge gym.
I've exercised for years (gym, yoga, spin) but definitely saw a difference after joining camelback boxing.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone looking to get in shape while doing something fun!
Amazing training staff they really helped me with the machines and with my back injuries.
So if you want to explore in world of fitness, i would definetly recomend it.
Everyone is fitness trainer our day, the reason i trusted myselft to las vegas crossfit, because they are real professionlas.
The training that i have received here has been crucial to my line of work.
It's clean and there are a ton of cardio machines, so you'll never have to wait.
*per an f45 facebook video, i learned the definition of functional 45 training.
Routines at this gym are going to help you become stronger and have more endurance.
I have been to several amazing and several horribly run gyms.
I was in town for several weeks for epic training, i made crossfit 1847 my box away from home.
I bought a groupon and i attended this gym for about 3 weeks.
The classes are 45 mins long, some days are cardio, and some strength training.
Great trainers and very small class sizes.
There is normally three or more certified trainers leading or participating in every class.
They also are much more than a gym!
You can get nutrition coaching as well, which is 80% of weight loss (20% is working out).
I have to say that i hate "big-box" gyms, but i had a really pleasant experience at this 24 hr.
Fitness i have been in.
I'm brand new to crossfit and have not worked out at a gym in almost 15years.
I started out with coming to an open gym saturday workout, which i loved.
Everything tightens up, you drop weight, and you have bad-ass legs and shoulders.
You can adjust it to your current skill level and fitness level and really own your workout.
It's high results and high impact, with a little bit of bad-ass training mixed in.
The gym & lavatories are always very clean and well cared for.
I mix in weight machines between treadmill and the recumbent bike short sessions.
Great place to train in  las vegas.
That got me when i first entered the gym.
The training and instruction is top notch here.
Another cool thing about this gym is that a lot of famous jiu jitsu practitioners come here to visit.
Recently joined camelback boxing gym to get back into shape again.
He is just a good, genuine guy practically living at that gym making a living for himself.
Fbbc helped me kick start my fitness/diet program!
If you like group fitness classes, try out a class pass!
The program, coaches, and facilities are built to help everyone succeed, no matter what their fitness level is.
I went to the hotel gym this morning but they had no free weights, just machines.
I ended up on the treadmill but i really wanted my weights.
If you are in vegas and looking to join a cf gym, check this place out.
It's an hour of intense but thrilling cardio!
I just joined this gym about three weeks ago and i love it!
The gym is always clean and not too crowded.
So far i have only done zumba and high fitness and they are great workouts.
Just keep doing what the trainers say.
The folks who run alter ego fitness are super friendly, professional, and the space is gorgeous!
You feel like you're in your own private dance club at alter ego fitness, with a fun, non-judgmental vibe.
I've been doing personal training sessions with arturo on average 3 or 4 times per week.
Originally, i thought this place was one of those generic boxing/general fitness franchises, but wow was i wrong.
It's a great gym (i am there almost every day)!
-- recockulously cheap compared to other gyms with comparable facilities and number of locations.
Best gym, best trainer, awesome people.
I've been training with arthur since november of 2015 and i love it.
This gym is the best :)
Body vision is hands-down the most reasonably priced of all gym membership that i've been to so far.
For those who do cardio - plenty of treadmills, ellipticals and stairmasters  6.
Free weights go up to 110 lbs 8.
Very basic gym - no pool or anything fancy, but has the essentials 2.
Those classes are more weight training, almost crossfit style.
If you need to be held accountable to lose weight, then this might be a good route.
Or you can just join and realize your monthly is your accountability to get to the gym.
Is it worth giving this gym a shot, sure, they do have trial periods.
Variety of classes is what this gym offers.
Hands down the best boxing gym in the valley of the sun.
Strongly recommend this place for anyone looking for high intensity cardio done right.
Thank you artur and the team at camelback boxing gym.
So the first visit was free what do i have to lose but weight!!
There is fun lighting that makes the room ambiance not so 'gym antiseptic' but like you are having fun!
The trainers are very helpful, inspiring and positive!
I used to go to the nike training center in chicago and take classes with nikki.
The gym itself is clean, bright, and welcoming.
I definitely would join this gym full time if it were in chicago or i lived in az!
The restaurant is pretty good to grab something healthy on your way in or out of the gym.
It's nice to be able to hit the gym and grab lunch or a smoothie all in the same place.
They have free weights, a treadmill, elliptical and other work out equipment that you are able to use as well.
Just getting back into the gym life.
I prefer this location to most others since they still have the extreme fitness benefits that most goodlife locations lack.
Plenty of cardio machines and great water pressure in the showers!
This gym has been my daughters second home for four years.
Best gym ive ever been!!!!
I can spend hours at this gym, they have everything you could possibly want out of a fitness club.
The crowd that comes to this gym is very energizing and motivating to be around.
I don't regret switching over from la fitness.
You can still enjoy classes and training here.
Crowne fitness is the ultimate gym if you want to get results!
That alone should tell you what kind of a trainer he is.
My stamina and endurance have greatly improved with his various methods of boxing, weight training, cardio, boot camps, and kickboxing.
Great gym and everyone at crowne fitness makes you feel welcomed.
Really like this gym!
I'm inspired every time i go in there because they offer something for every fitness level and goal.
Derrick martin is a very impressive trainer with lots of challenges and fitness knowledge.
Coby is there to help create the gym challenge and experience you need.
New to the las vegas, summerlin area, i lucked out in finding pi4l fitness & nutrition coaching.
To dig myself out of this hole, i researched local trainers.
I found pi4l fitness.
Unlike other personal trainers, pi4l fitness conveyed the importance of nutrition.
I see the value of long-term, good-form, less-chance-of-injury approach to cardio and strength training.
After a phone conversation with las vegas personal trainer mark lani, i was in.
During the workouts, he tries to explain the underlying reasons for his approach to training and eating.
To me, pi4l fitness & nutrition coaching offers exceptional value.
I love the little gym.
The gym itself is pretty small but offers the necessary equipment for a good workout.
It is usually pretty quiet and doesn't have the "hook up atmosphere" most gyms have.
I go to the gym to work out and do cardio and this place fits my needs.
It's a "no fuss" gym environment.
Best trainer, best coach, most inspiring, most passionate!
Can't really ask for anything else from a gym
Love this boxing gym.
Artur is an amazing trainer and the folks that attend afternoon group workouts and cool.
I cancelled my la fitness membership and joined here because it was cheaper, cleaner, and closer to home.
The treadmills and cardio equipment have personal tvs with directv channels which is awesome!
However, personally, when i go to the gym, i'm not there to talk to anyone either.
In comparison, it's not the nicest gym in the area, i get that.
So i have to say, for the most part, i like this gym.
But i find that when that happens, i can just go grab free weights.
Been coming here for 2 months now and absolutely love this gym, the coach and all the members.
It's nice because they have upper body day, lower body day, full body workout, and cardio day.
Just joined here after too many miserable experiences at lifetime fitness.
I signed up for the black card membership which includes the gym and the amenities for $22/month, $1 enrollment fee.
It beats the heck out of what i was paying at my other gym for a family membership.
Apparently, this is a brand new gym.
So far i've taken advantage of the gym, the hydro massage, and the total body experience.
Granted, there is 1 trainer but they offer a lot of classes and one-on-one training for no fee.
The only thing i wish this gym had was a kids club.
Let's hope this gym stays clean and functional!
If you like standard dumbbells, weight racks, and newest hammer strength machines this is your gym.
It is a standard gym with everything you need to workout.
Just a gym and that's all i want to pay for.
I typically do not use the "other" features of a gym so this place is perfect.
Plenty of time to get to the gym and get my swoll on.
If you live in surprise and want an alternative gym try this place out.
I have been to them all and this gym is my new home.
After increasing dues in my other gym it was time for a switch.
So far this gym is a hidden gem in surprise.
I do wish that there were more in the way of free weights.
Carlos has morning and evening classes and also coaches a fitness class.
I lift weights so i need free weights, squat racks, etc.
And most hotel gyms/salons/spa are ridiculous for me.
So glad i went there ... it's now my go-to gym every time i'm in vegas.
Such an amazing gym!
This is the gym where you will get the most bang for your buck..
The minus is that the place is big on kids, which most gyms are.
I do lots of yoga and like cardio/hip hop classes.
My favorite class is ivys cardio funk.
Highly recommend this gym!!
Returned to life time after 9 months at mountainside fitness.
We enjoyed a variety of cardio equipment which life time seems o ave more of, in addition to the pools.
Finally the weight area is a little more spread out and offers different equipment options.
Cardio equipment - elliptical, bikes and treadmills as you enter on the right.
Weight machines, personal training machines and racks on the left with a large area with mats.
One wasn't in use and i started adjusting the weights when a man told me "i'm using it."
Good selection of weights, kettle bells bars, benches.
Offer some nice freebies including a fitness plan, trainers (no pressure) etc.
Ok if anybody says they like the gym they must be lying.
If your looking for a trainer.
Great gym, came here with a friend of mine to work out in the surprise area.
A thousand times better than the gym!
Sweat is the cardio class that will make you sweat in 10 minutes.
As a nike certified trainer, nikki is passionate and energetic about the workouts.
But the best part about this gym is my trainer shannyn.
I am not a person that has ever liked gyms or classes....dropped out of yoga and pilates.
I love the hiit (circuit training) workouts that they offer.
It's new and the trainer was very through and accommodated all fitness levels.
Phoenix [tempe] rock gym rocks!
For an open gym pass like we had it was $15.
The trainers and front desk staff are all really friendly and helpful.
The trainers are amazing the staff is super friendly.
I've tried several gyms and love their structured program and getting my results every day via email.
He is also trained in hot stones, he combined three different therapies in one session.
Not many people in north america know how to do it and alan is specially trained for this.
Youfit is a very clean gym, and at 10 dollars a month for a full-size gym!
No lunk alarms.. can't beat that  this probably the friendliest staffed gym i have ever been to.
I have been to every gym in surprise...
They would have gotten five stars from me if the name of the gym wasn't so cheesy!
Pictures below over 300 lbs of accumulated weights and training equipment in the group x room.
Classes are varied depending on the trainer as they do their damnedest to elevate that heart rate of yours.
They also offer personal training depending on your goals.
If nobody has explained it already, this is the biggest gym i've been in, in toronto.
*note, i haven't been in a lot of gyms in toronto.
- free weights are a plenty.
Cons  - small children running around in the weight room, cardio.
I love this gym and wish you opened one up in the bay area!!
I honestly compare this gym to all other gyms i've been to.
No other gym i've come across comes close to the variety of classes lvac has.
From childcare to swimming lessons to dance classes to fitness and sports.
Right away, nathalie, one of the trainers, noticed i was new and she made me feel right at home.
The trainers are very personable, knowledgeable, motivating and have fun personalities.
It was what i needed and was missing from the other gyms i've been to.
I started going to this gym when they first opened up and i currently still love going to this gym!
Also all your cardio machines have a tv and mp3 player and a fan.
But thanks guys i will continue to be a blast fitness fan :)
My fitness routine had become boring.
I took the plunge and tried revolution fitness and love it.
Revolution fitness is a warehouse gym that attracts fun individual who are looking to mix up their workouts.
Can't say enough good things about this gym,it's very personable and welcoming.
If you're not familiar with heart rate training or this just sounds like mumbo jumbo, no worries.
Google "heart-rate training" and you can get the low-down yourselves.
Overall, this was a great class that i enjoyed, plus i really admire their concept of using heart rate training.
Short version:  if you don't like treadmills, rowing machines, weights, or sweating, this is not the place for you.
I decided to change my life one day 2 wks ago and i joined weight watchers.
Then i dropped by this neighborhood gym.
After he shared his own struggle and accomplishments in knew i was going to join this beautiful gym.
I love everything about this gym!
Movies while you do your cardiovascular.
Kick ass classes (only tried 1 so far) that will add to my weight loss routine, and a pool!
Fit36 is a 36-minute hitt class with different weight stations around the room.
Since it is summer it does get quite humid and hot inside the gym.
I learned a lot going to the gym and sure, no gym is perfect.
I don't know that i'd give any gym 5 stars, so they get my best rating for a gym.
I couldn't be more happy with her coaches or the gym.
It's that kind of team spirit, regardless of age, that i love about the environment of this gym.
I'm very happy with this gym.
We were members here years ago when the gym presence in gilbert/chandler was pretty limited.
Lifetime is a good compromise especially considering it's half the cost of our other gym.
Definitely recommend meeting with him if you're considering this gym.
This gym is still really busy.
Granted, it's the first of the year when everyone and their cousin's cousin has a resolution to lose weight.
Hopefully, the rush will die down soon so i can actually go and use a weight machine.
They have a lot of free weights, machines, etc, but that's the busiest area it seems.
You basically meet with a trainer and they go over your goals, weight, body mass, etc.
I wasn't overly impressed but the trainer we met with was cool and i thought the body info was useful.
The best part about this gym is the staff here!
Hands down the best gym i've ever been to  i'm so glad i met everyone here !!
I bought a groupon for this gym recently.
Congratulations to the gm and team, the cleanest gum or fitness center i've ever seen.
A big improvement from fitness works in golbert.
For a $10 a month gym how can you complain?
This is the cleanest gym !
I searched online and found excellent reviews for brenda and focus on fitness and thought i'd give her a chance.
En gros: gym bien correct, prix correct, personnel super et ambiance agrable!
Visited this gym recently on vacation and needed somewhere to blow off some steam.
Quiet and clean gym, great variety of an equipment selection, super friendly staff who works there!
This gym is like one big family.
Great assortment of fitness classes for beginners and the more advanced!
Najla found my fitness level and showed me how to get the most out of my hour at the gym.
It's expensive for a gym, but the amenities and hours make it well worth it.
I hated that about other gyms.
As for their personal training, it's super expensive, but worth it when you can get a good deal.
Honestly there is so much to do there, you could make a day of the gym lol.
Hybrid fitness is a full service gym that also offers group class bootcamps and personal training.
As someone who had a lot of weight to lose, walking into a gym (any gym) felt intimidating.
One of the nice things about hybrid is the fact that that fit fresh cuisine is attached to the gym.
The trainers are amazing and the overall vibe is amazing!
This is the best gym i have been too!
For starters the trainers are so welcoming and have great energy when walking in.
I would 100% refer anyone to this gym!
The gym is very clean and the hydromassage alone is worth the $20 a month!
The prices are really are built for those looking to train for self-defense imho.
React defense has the best training, the best people and the most locations to attend.
 seulement 40$ par mois, l'abonnement au gym du plateau est vite rentabilis.
I'm actually surprised to see that this gym has been getting bad ratings.
I've been at this gym for three months now and have been loving it.
I'm from california and we pay way more for poorly maintained gyms out there.
For the duration i was with the gym, i've only met friendly staff and friendly gym goers.
I came to this gym not knowing if it will be worth it.
But the staff and fellow gym goers have got me motivated and wanting to come back for more!
So please don't let some ratings scare you away from this gym.
I suggest you just go in and give it a shot before looking at other and further gyms.
Ive introduced my friends to this gym and they all seemed to love it so far!
Completed my 6 week challenge and lost 20.1 pounds with ufc gym.
The gym itself is full of trophies from the kids tournaments.
I can safely say that every penny spent at this other gym was money in the garbage.
I highly recommend this gym.
You will feel comfortable the second you step foot in the gym.
Absolutely love this gym.
The feel, the environment, and the members just jive well with my general attitude about fitness.
Plenty of weight and equipment for heavy lifters and plenty of variety for the average gym go'er.
Check the gym out.
I'm a new member, and i have to give this gym 4-stars, on a get-what-you-pay-for scale.
I go mainly to lift weights, and do some floor/core exercises.
Always more than enough cardio equipment.
I've noticed that customers seem a little more conscious of cleaning after themselves, replacing weights, and courteous in general.
So, most of your free weight action has to be dumbbells, or smith machine.
Amazing trainers and staff!
Trainers help modify the moves for you throughout the workout and also come around and help you improve your form.
Sometimes with two, and we always have weights available.
I don't want to go to a gym that smells like citrus fruit and and flowers.
But the gym can't control that.
Overall, this gym is pretty nice, not the best in vegas.
Located right next to titains gym in mentor ohio.
The downstairs free weight room is great as well.
More importantly to me, they really do care about my health and fitness.
That's all you need for a normal gym.
The fitness equipments are of the highest quality.
Been coming to this gym for about a month now and love it.
I love this gym!
During a recent visit to phoenix rock gym, i first walked in and noticed how spacious the vicinity is.
The staff keeps an active calendar of events including challenges for frequenters of the gym.
This gym is amazing!
I enjoy being able to workout in the free weights area because its not clogged with juice heads.
I feel like it is the right gym for me.
The equipment is perfect for the person that is all business in the gym and is truly looking for results.
We visited toronto for 1-month and we trained here every day.
We enjoyed very much training here.
Formerly known as a crossfit gym, sicfit scottsdale is so much more than just a gym.
Jeff (the trainer) is incredibly friendly and open-minded.
Open 24-hours, good pricing, great equipment, and great group fitness classes.
This anytime fitness is amazing.
Mark lani's nutrition and fitness program has really changed my life.
If you're looking for the best in nutrition and personal fitness, there is only one choice...mark lani and pi4l!
This is my gym.
The only class i've taken there was femstart, which was a kind of circuit-training program.
I'll be real when it comes to working out and fitness i know nothing.
Also the routines are different so one cardio day would be different from another cardio day.
I joined this gym in february and have been pleasantly surprised.
The gym has all of your classic equipment: treadmills, ellipticals, bicycles, strength training devices.
Edit: seems like gym under new management, some new equipment and fresh barbells.
* terribad free weight equipment.
* dumbbells goes up to 80#, forget training for one trip grocery runs.
* no more group fitness classes, bad value for single location plans.
Fun personal trainers, easy staff to work with, very relaxed atmosphere for working out.
I would definitely recommend this gym to all in the immediate area!
Mostly i go because of the otf family i have made so many friends besides the trainers and staff.
Just want to start by saying ufc gym has the best , talented and well trained coaches .
The trainer matt did a great job on asking me what my goals were and running me through the gym.
So each round is 3 minutes and then you do a 30 second high intensity cardio interval between each round.
They trainers are dedicated in helping you with workouts and diet!
Jae and brandy as well as several others are definitely what makes this gym 5 stars!
Gold's gym in downtown la had curtains (in la as a straight guy, believe me, you need your privacy).
This gym has everything!
Pool, movies, cardio, machines, weights, etc.
Even though the cinema room is ice cold, the cardio machines will make you sweat!
We make use of a trainer, quaid, highly recommend him.
Tony keeps the gym hopping.
The best thing about this gym is the outdoor workout room!
Workout equipments - they have mostly everything (dumbells, treadmills, cycle, warmup area with weights - equipments.
They have classes for yoga, zumba, cardio strength, and some more.
Cons - i just wish they have more classes to offer, like cardio funk.
Not only are the f45 programmes well thought through, diverse and challenging but sam, the owner, is an excellent trainer.
It really is inaccurate that crossfit gyms are referred to as "boxes".
The gym is really open and has a very large selection of cardio equipment (much of which seems fairly new).
This is a nice, clean gym with a pool and brand new treadmills as of 8/2014.
By far the best high intensity circuit training class i've ever taken!
As you rotate through all exercises you'll get a full body and cardio workout.
Even the training machines feel the same.
Since they moved everything around and created a personal training area it's a little more spacious on the first floor.
I love the trainers and love the atmosphere.
I am a personal trainer myself.
This location is open 24 hours, which was a huge factor in choosing my gym.
I've had trainers, classes, gyms my whole life.. but no one does it like her.
Join this gym then join her class at 9am m-th... no joke.
I forget his name but the young man that was the trainer when i went in was awesome.
They have a way of making torturous cardio feel uplifting.
Best gym in las vegas!
Cherry, lauren, cassie, tamara all are awesome fitness instructors.
I love working out when janelle is training.
I had a great workout, and love the big weight room.
I've been to planet fitnesses all over the us and this is probably the nicest.
Has tons of equipment  katie is an excellent teacher, challenges each student to their individual fitness level.
I miss this incredible gym; however, suzie and i love our new roncy victorian home and our own elliptical machine!
I was looking for a good gym and this one is great!
I love this gym so much b/c of the variety of equipment, positive environment, and cleanliness.
I drive about 1.5 hours from san tan to the gilbert gym because it's well worth the drive for me.
Never again will i be able to go to another gym.
Small gym with good classes!
This is a mini-gym.
I needed help and that is what i got through focus on fitness.
If you are looking for a great workout and a  welcoming gym you should definitely give bodi a try.
They have a lot of machines and a second cardio spot upstairs.
I was in town for the long weekend, and researched fitness studios before my visit.
It's like a playground for fitness fanatics!
Locals- don't miss out on this one of a kind fitness experience.
Huge gym, with every type of equipment you can imagine and multiple of each.
Tons of free weights so you never have to wait for anything.
Great new facility- lots of machines and a good free weight room.
I can't remember how much it is a month, something like $38 bucks- a bargain for a quality gym.
I have nothing but great things to say about this gym.
The trainer are awesome.
They give you plenty of modifications for everything so any fitness level can participate.
I love this gym.
I focus on weights and this gym has everything i need.
Straight weight and counter-weight.
Moreover, where else can you find a gym that doesn't require a membership?
This gym is not for everyone, but i'm a fan :).
Better than planet fitness and all of their bs..  they also have zumba, spinning and boot cam classes.
I'm 5 mins from this gym.
I was searching for a 24hr gym and this is the best thing in this area.
It was obvious they have been getting top notch training.
My friends are happy regulars at the gym and love the zumba & pilates classes.
I've tried crossfit and every gym under the sun.
The staff is so helpful and the trainers are very motivating and knowledgeable.
I am held accountable for myself but with awesome motivation from all their really terrific trainers.
All my classmates and trainers are fun and i love this place.
Accordingly, the clientle is diverse and the furthest thing from a gaggle of trophy wives and gym rat yuppies.
We have never got that from any other gym like facilities.
The trainers are great, motivating, and get you working with a positive attitude.
The gym is not intimidating, but the work out is challenging enough for all levels.
Wonderful gym with great trainers!
Core fitness is small studio gym with group classes and personal training sessions.
I'm a bit self-conscious (i think everyone trying to lose weight is!)
The trainers are kind, knowledgeable, helpful, and never pressure you to do anything you're not comfortable with.
Not just on crossfit, but on this particular gym.
This is not your average crossfit gym.
This is a place you can come every single day and work on your fitness goals, whatever they may be.
Crowne fitness is awesome!
Crowne fitness was a perfect decision for me.
Danny is a great trainer and has worked me super hard, i started seeing results really quickly!
I used to be a member of a gym in north scottsdale that revolved around circuit training.
Circuit training concept, inspirational coaches, young clientele and great energy.
As a chain i like their product from group exercise to weights to cardio.
It's undergone a lot of renovations to improve their women's only section, personal trainer space, child-minding area and change rooms.
Still the excellent fitness center i began going to a year ago.
It really is the best reasonable rate gym / resort.
I'd love some day to give a gym like this 5 stars.
Fantastic gym with lots of amenities.
I love the location of this gym in fort mill and the parking is just about right.
The gym itself is a bit older, but they have recently been updating equipment to accommodate its popularity.
The gym has the coolest t-shirts and the best team builders.
Soon we will start a movie night and be able to utilize the enormous gym space.
In one location there's a swimming pool, a large gymnasium for various sports, and a 2 floor work-out/weight room.
On top of that, they offer a wide variety of fitness classes.
When i started at the gym, one of the trainers helped me with my form when lifting weights.
I didn't have to pay him for training sessions, he was just being genuinely helpful.
I have yet to explore every single thing they offer but it's a great gym for me.
Free weights are also expected to be replaced soon.
Overall, pretty happy with the gym.
Clean, wide variety of equipment from free weights to circuit machines,  there's something for everyone here.
Unlike stinky, dirty, intimidating meathead gyms, lifetime has a "country club feel" and something for everyone.
I never feel embarrased as a woman, or like i'm being "gawked at", even when i'm using free weights.
This is truly the most comfortable, something-for-everyone, family friendly gym i've ever been to and is well worth the price.
That being said, i didn't feel like i was in a giant corporate gym.
Then i decided to get a trainer; i struggled spending the money.
They offer several classes throughout the week, from basic conditioning to full elite training for crossfit games.
At 5700 sq feet there is certainly enough room for all the conditioning training and exercises that are offered.
The gym includes a full rubberized flooring with a few olympic lifting platforms built into the floor.
A gym is a gym!
The gm, david cares about the gym members that go here.
Better than fitness 19 where a bunch of people weight watch and monopolize the weights.
This gym gives the support to achieve goals!
I'm glad to be a part of a gym that cares , and offers support the way they do!
The equipment is top notch, the gym is clean, and the towels smelled heavenly:-)!!
So far the best gym i've found in phoenix in terms of route quality.
I've been to many gyms in cali and utah so i have a lot to compare to.
While this gym is not the best i have ever been to, it is good by phoenix standards.
Unfortunately its yoga is virtually non existent and there is an equally non existent gym area.
However to be fair it seems all phoenix gyms seem to have the same rule.
I recommend this gym if you're looking for good creative routes.
Don't recommend it if you want a more legit gym or an actual yoga studio.
I went for the zumba class, which was rescheduled and i instead took athletic training.
The trainer was great, friendly, and passionate about fitness.
Exactly what you would want in a trainer.
I was referred to this gym by one of the awesome trainers, monica.
I jumped right back in at f45 and absolutely loved their interval training approach!
I have been a member of this gym now for over 2 years and have no plans of ever stopping.
Crossfit is such a great work out, you will never want to step in a regular gym again.
I love love the new charging station in the gym!
Glad to have joined this gym.
I started training at f45 to get in shape for a pageant.
Once i finished the pageant, i wanted to gain muscle, and the trainers acknowledged my goals.
They really push me in every class and encourage me to bump up the weights.
Gyms can come and go but this place is genuine.
By far the best god damn gym in vegas!
And what i've been seeing in this gym is a total success.
I've been to other gyms in las vegas and los angeles either active, or super sport.
The part that sucks, is that i came from a gym in los angeles.
And to mention, there are tons of hot girls in this gym.
And i love how close the gym is to my place.
This fruit is one of the toughest to find in a gym.
I am very happy to see that this fruit is in this gym, especially the skinny smoothie.
The entire gym is sooooo clean!!!!!
I feel like i'm in a casino in a gym.
This gym is a total badass with tons of hot girls!
This is a great gym if you're looking for a standard set of cardio and lifting equipment.
I've been a member since jan. 2011 and i love working out at luna fitness.
Jordan p, devon, tien, chris and audrey are some of the nicest personal trainers.
They like to teach and share their expertise in fitness and body mechanics.
I love this neighborhood gym.
Planet fitness of glendale is my favorite because marie h. makes every experience great.
My gym partner and i love her.
The staff was awesome & the head trainer  really did a 5 star job !
The gym is bright, clean, open 24 hours and people are friendly too.
Other than that it's still a nice gym.
Used to be a 24 hr fitness.
I'm a retired fitness instructor so i know a good instructor from someone who isn't, well, not so good.
Except for lesley, love her class at the gym.
The gym is very clean.
I would recommend this gym to my friends.
Monica and her phenomenal co-trainers really know how to get the best out of you!
This gym is probably one of the best maintained 24hr fitness's that i have seen in awhile.
They have pretty much everything you could want in a gym, even a pool,a sauna and steam room.
Which you don't really find in many 24hr fitness's.
The staff is very helpful and kind, it's pretty much an awesome gym.
Loved it - went on a day pass with a friend and it is a huge gym.
This is a mostly no-frills, uncrowded, well-equipped gym.
So, if you want a nice gym, without the used car salesmanship atmosphere, this is it!
This is one of goodlife's bigger gyms located in the yonge and sheppard area.
Plenty of machines and free weights everywhere.
Best trainers, staff, and music!
She's a fun and caring trainer!
He was being deployed to iraq and was doing a 3 month training in cali.
Can get pretty crowded after 5pm if you're looking for a gym session after work.
He has kept me motivated and has ensured that i continue on my fitness journey.
With clean carpets and facilities, naturobics fitness center is like a second home to me.
I noticed that every time i go to the gym she is in her office instead of being out front.
What a waste of money to open the gym for two people.
The bathrooms are updated and gives a good appeal to a new gym member.
Overall i was very impressed, my only complaint is that there is too much gym equipment crammed too close together.
The gym is too small for that much equipment.
I would still recommend the gym to my friends because there are a variety of classes that i enjoy.
I took pictures of the horrible over crowding of equipment, i just posted the pictures of the gym.
Everyone has their own reason why they love their gym.
But what makes us adore anytime fitness arrowhead is the owner!
Natalee sticht is more than a gym owner though.
This gym has become my mecca of fitness the past couple of months.
The gym has lots of equipment and usually there is little to no wait on the equipment.
Laura did such a great job of describing the gym that there is little else to mention.
If you are looking for an upbeat and cardio-packed workout, then rpm spin is the place for you.
Came to las vegas and decided to train at cobrinha brazilian jiu jitsu while i was in town.
I've been going to this gym for a few months now and i absolutely love it.
More than enough machines and cardio equipment to accommodate everyone.
Definitely don't regret signing up and going to this gym.
I love that the trainers know my name when i walk in.
Been going to this gym for a while.
I'm a member at the ufc gym blue diamond and i love it.
I love ufc gym.
I personally loved this gym.
I lived across the street and having a gym conveniently close and open at 4am was great.
So many cardio machines and a super awesome staff.
The daily ultimate training with jae is crazy good.
The diversity of people, all class backgrounds at different fitness levels i feel pretty at home.
Would recommend to anyone regardless of fitness level or experience.
I stared coming here 3 years ago with absolutely no past sports or gym/weights experience of any kind.
Tracy's seed class is another great cardio work out.
I love this gym!
Due to mine, and other's feedback, open gym hours were expanded which helped me fit in my training each day.
Good: most of the free weights are open in the morning.
Bad: 3/4 of the cardio equipment doesn't work or has a malfunction.
I honestly think this location gets all the cardio equipment that died at the other 24 hours in vegas.
Lots of cardio machines and are always available.
They don't "hassle" you to take the training and if you ask a question, they are helpful with the answer.
Strength days are tues/thurs and cardio is m/w/f.
The trainers are amazing and everyone is so friendly.
It's a small intimate gym but there is plenty of equipment that is well taken care of and clean.
Heard about the challenge and decided to join and try out the gym.
There aren't too many places to spin in pittsburgh, especially if you don't belong to a gym.
When my wife and i first moved to charlotte we thought that our apartment gym would suffice.
So i did some searching and stumbled upon sports and fitness.
It's nice and spacious with a good selection of machines and weights.
Naturally, like most gyms, there are peak hours that can make things pretty busy.
But i've been to the gym at all hours and it's never that bad.
And if you have a nice gym with great features the crowds are almost unavoidable.
Cool gym, but super packed with people!
Well all i can say is i have found my new gym home!!
Our theme for the month is health/fitness and the staff at my gym was awesome.
They created the perfect activities focused on health/fitness that were age appropriate and fun.
It's the perfect mixture of cardio and weight training.
I can't say enough good things about this gym.
If you are looking to lose weight, give their 6 week fitness challenge a try.
This gym can get it done- 30 minutes at a time!
I just wish there was a larger area for the abs/stretching where you can do more activities with free weights/dumbbells.
This is a relatively new gym opened a year ago.
Third level has a weight room and a 2nd studio for barre and pilates reformer classes.
Reformer classes using a unique machine to train with you likely won't have one of these at home.
We mainly used our own body weight, kettle bells and an elastic band.
I would say become a member if you're looking for a small and exclusive gym.
I think it is by far the best value for money in town when it comes to gyms.
Gym is coming through with bigger matts, more classes, and larger space.
After being here for a few months, i can say it's still an amazing gym.
Which is way better than going to the gym and trying to find things to do.
Their reform & ride class is the best combination of low-impact, high-intensity strength training and cardio around.
I was mainly concerned with the fitness classes they offered and if the times would fit in to my schedule.
I've been to every class the gym has to offer (except water aerobics) and i love it all.
The instructors are awesome and strive to make the class a challenge for all fitness levels.
Upon entering, the employee greeted our son and was super excited and made him feel really welcome at mygym.
This is exactly what i've been looking for in a fitness studio.
Again  don't expect a super globo gym  experience.
You want to find a new training home in lv this is it.
Overall good gym, very large in comparison to goodlife.
Advantages of this gym include, size, number of running, stairs and eliptical machines.
Each workout is a tough 60 minutes of nonstop action, between three stations (treadmill, row machine, free weights).
If you compare it to having a personal trainer, it's worth the price of admission.
I've been training there since 2005.
I really like this gym and its location.
Great place and friendly atmosphere and college degreed trainers.
My husband and i were so impressed with this my gym location.
We were on an extended holiday in the area and were missing our home my gym location.
I have been going to this gym for several years now and have really liked the service.
One employee that stands out to me and has been there awhile now though is the trainer!
Any question i have in regards to fitness or any issue with my wifes membership he is able to answer.
He is one reason why i really like this gym.
I defiantly recommend this gym as long as people like him work there!
This place is awesome you will see results and the trainers know what they're doing.
In general, i hate going to the gym and working out.
I have lost a considerable amount of weight and toned my body.
It might not be the prettiest or the largest gym but it got me into shape.
This studio will inspire and challenge you-helping you reach your fitness/health goals with every class!
Crowne fitness is the place to be, and tony is the man to see!
He is professional, knowledgable, and knows everything there is about boxing and personal training.
The rest of the staff at crowne fitness is pretty awesome as well.
There are not enough great things to say about this gym and everyone here.
Crowne fitness has so much to offer.
Everything from 1 on 1 boxing, personal training, boot camps, yoga, weight training, nutrition coaching and more.
Tons of cardio machines, could use a few more weights, but i'm not complaining.
Sign up for the gym and you'll get a free shirt.
There is a small area where you can do interval training for 30 minutes....
I love this gym!
There are so many cardio machines with a ton of tvs.
I have been training with core fitness for several years.
Prg is the best climbing gym in the valley.
I came, i saw, i sweet and i lost (weight).
I could have never done this without the commitment of a trainer.
He doesn't delegate the training to junior people like they do at physical therapy places.
Luke sullivan is the best strength and conditioning coach and personal trainer i had the pleasure to train me.
Who really wants to go use equipment at another boring gym alone anyway?
If you want personal training be aware you might not have the same trainer in a while.
The trainers are great, the music is loud and motivating and the workouts are killer!
I have been going to 602 for about 6 months and cant say enough about this gym.
Excellent gym with good trainer.
I must write that i really like training with kathy.
A lot of figure and fitness competitors train with her.
If you train with her, the posing classes are free otherwise there is a fee to attend.
If you are looking for a gym and live in the area, you will not regret joining this place.
This gym is good but what makes it even better is the high quality of the instructors.
You will definitely get a great workout if you come to this gym!
This is not just for kids- they also have fitness classes that will knock you on your booty.
Brenda is a terrific trainer!
I love brenda and focus on fitness!!!
They also have weight training, conditioning, boot camps, and yoga.
The ufc gym and staff changed my life for the better.
I recommend this gym to everyone.
Going to a regular gym now i find very boring and unmodivating
I found this gym through a living social deal and i was happy it was so close to home!
If your looking for a gym with quality and to get the best workout this is your gym!!
Great workouts with great trainers.
My family and i all love the personal trainers, we actually consider them part of our family.
It's obvious they are sincerely want all their clients to meet their fitness goals.
I'm not a gym person but i wanted to be consistent with my wellness efforts this year.
The gym is clean, equipment is new, staff is friendly and helpful.
Honestly i don't know what more i could want from a gym.
I didn't used to be a gym person but i might be now...
One of the best gyms i've ever been to!
Sad this gym isn't where i live, but would 100% have this be my home gym if i could.
Looking forward to visiting this area and gym again!
A great neighborhood gym that is for the normal person just trying to stay in shape.
Tons of cardio and weights (both free and machine).
I love love love this gym.
I would certainly reccommend this to anyone thinking about joining a gym as they have a ton of locations!
I have worked with luke the owner in the past and am currently training with anthony.
I appreciate the excellent programs, thoughtfully sequences training sessions & individualized attention.
What an upgrade from la fitness.. with that being said, you can already tell this review will be positive.
I recently re-joined 24 hour fitness, after breaking off my membership back in early 2010 after moving away from home.
Staff was friendly and not pushy like la fitness.. and lockerrooms are clean.
Totally excited to continue a membership and fitness journey here!!
I have nothing but fantastic things to say about this gym.
Pretty much the best gym i've been to.
You'll do everything from burpees to chin-ups to squats and box jumps, with personal trainers to coach you along.
Pros: group workouts with very charismatic, supportive trainers.
As well he had already corrected the issues within the gym that caused this situation in the first place.
So if your thinking about trying out this gym i would recommend it!
Love this cf gym.
I like it that way, the foo foo gym with the latest ellipticals etc is not my cup of tea.
There is also a good community here, that is a welcome change from other gyms.
Instructors have continual training and really know their stuff.
I spent 4 days at cf416 during their open gym hours and had an excellent experience.
The gym has everything you need for a workout and the best cf staff i have met.
That aside it is clean and has everything i need/want in a gym.
In the common areas, i have never had any problems having machines available... treadmills, ellipticals, weights, resistance.
Their pilates and spin classes are the perfect combination of strength and cardio training.
A plethora of free weights, cardio machines, indoor swimming pools, sauna, cafe, and class studio.
This place definitely caters to anyone who is serious about fitness, lifting, and getting into shape.
There are other gyms out there like lifetime fitness that are a little nicer and feels like a country club.
But when i go to the gym..i go to get it done in there!
I think the trial is great offer that most fitness facilities should incorporate.
Besides romans the other two were more cardio based, hiit or tabata type workouts.
Workouts that i took consisted of sleds, dumbbells, bars, rowing machine, bike, sandbags, and bodyweight.
Fitness connection is just a basic gym.
I really only go for the group fitness classes.
To be honest, i wish this was a female only gym.
Needless to say this is probably the cleanest gym i think i've ever been to!
If you are doubtful don't be my friends... this is the best gym i've been to hands down!!
Been going for 10 months; it's the first fitness routine i have been committed to.
I have been putting off a gym membership/fitness for pretty much my entire life.
Thank you coach josh for welcoming me to your gym!
There are several variables which factor into whether or not you have a "good gym."
The first is the environment, which consists of the facilities themselves, cleanliness, trainers/staff, and the clientele.
In a city where you can spend $500 a month on pilates, crowne fitness is a steal.
Like other reviews stated, it is not the cardio room but it is on the spa side.
I was in there to use all the weights they had after running on the strip.
The private training sessions are also a great option for anyone trying to get some one-on-one training.
Crossfit las vegas is unlike anything you've experienced in a globo gym.
Actually very much like that the gym is divided into 3 parts instead of just open space.
One of the best gyms in montreal that i had visited .
The gym is in downtown montreal outside the mcgill metro station near to promenade cathedral.
The gym has 3 floors of heavy equipment that suits everyone's needs.
The gym has trainers available .
Locker system is provided free of cost to those who come to the gym.
The class participants are diverse and patrice offered modifications for everyone along the fitness range from  beginner to professional.
The vibe of the gym is pretty good to get a workout in.
The trainers i've worked with here are all great with maybe one exception  the bad: parking is usually horrendous.
There's sometimes obnoxious people that slam weights and such, but the management usually takes care of it.
No matter where you at in your fitness journey these guys are here for you.
Simply the undisputed champion of all the gyms in chandler and gilbert.
The training approach is very unique and convenient.
This location is even better than other ufc gym locations in the valley.
You will never find a gym like ufc gym anthem were members and staff are treated like family.
I started at orangetheory fitness about 2 weeks ago, attending 4 classes so far, and have had a wonderful experience.
My only issue with the gym is the price.
Plus they offer a free training session which u never get from other gyms.
Overall a very well run gym.
Crowne fitness is the ultimate gym.
The trainers are on point, push you hard, and you feel like a million bucks after you leave.
This gym is a real gym!
Best thing i've ever done for myself was to join the "fit2yourcore" gym.
Classes are tough but great community and amazing trainers.
I found a new gym home!
I really like this gym.
It has a basketball court, personal training area, and all the training equipment you can ask for.
Best gym i've joined.
I used to be with la fitness, but i paid twice as much to be at a "chick" gym.
Was a member at gold's gym as it changed to eos.
The new olive gym has a pool, cardio theater, staff are friendly.
The only complaint is more of a suggestion -  in all cardio theaters, turn on the subtitles for all movies.
This gym is great!
The gym has a great atmosphere.
One of the better gyms i've been to.
Ufc gym blue diamond has been my go-to workout spot for years.
At the beginning of the year i started training in jiu jitsu, and i couldn't be happier about my progress.
I've been to many different gyms and never met someone so knowledgeable about fitness and eating good.
If you want to lose weight and get more fit,  check this place out.
The gym gotta be big too.
Dropped into the gym when i was in town apartment hunting.
It's definitely a top contender for my new gym.
The gym is included for use when you book a spa service.
Otherwise, if you want to use the gym only, it $30.
So yes, i made use of the gym.
The gym is a spectacular space of new and modern high tech machines, weights and yoga equipment.
She loved learning new things and playing on the gym equipment.
The trainers here are excellent and are professional fighters.
I'm a off-on-off-again gym attendee, but life time really is gold standard.
I would most definitely encourage ppl to sign up with this gym, you will not be disappointed :)
It the best cardio work out you will get while dancing.
I have been training under coach istvan dioszegi for a little over 3 years now.
Olympia weightlifting club is composed of athletes of various backgrounds, skill levels, ages, and goals.
The staff and trainers are amazing!
I love the weight component and the overall health and well being component addition.
The trainers have a unique way of adding a yogi feel to the workout near the end of the session.
The variety of music based off the trainer you have has been perfect for the workout - in my opinion.
The gym is spotless, top notch equipment with lots of variety, very nice facilities for showering, it's very attractive.
Visiting from out of town and i have to admit that this gym is awesome.
I'm on a 10 punch groupon and do not regret choosing this gym.
This gym alone makes me wish i lived out here.
The only reason you should come here is if this gym is the closest to your house/work etc.
Otherwise, go to the bigger goodlifes that have more selection of weight machines.
The weight machine selection is much better for the upper body than the lower.
This gym gets seriously packed in rush hour (which is getting more often it seems).
Use as needed, but not the only gym on your radar, and you will be fine.
Debbi, candace, deidre, ray, stetson and all the trainers are so amazing.
I now enjoy going to the gym and even call it my happy place.
This is not your ordinary gym.
Thanks f45 for making fitness fun again!
I'll definitely be back every time i'm in town, great workout, great energy in the gym.
I love the towel service lots of towels throughout the gym and by the pool.
Locker rooms are big but like most gym showers they are not that clean so where shower shoes.
Overall this gym is worth the money and has something for everyone.
And i finally found what i was looking for at fitness works.
But if you are looking for a gym with great equipment this is not for you.
Both trainers work in a very professional manner and want nothing but the best for their clients.
This studio is clean and up to the otf standards, but what sets them apart is the trainers.
I've been a member for 2 years and i can say this is the best gym i've been to.
I signed up for personal training sessions (i think $25-$30 per session) and it is worth every penny.
My trainer is smart and keeps things interesting and works me hard every time.
The management and head trainers remember me and my children.
I have gone to random trainers to ask them fitness questions and they are all sincere and helpful.
The equipment is newer, all the cardio machines have screens and plugins for your phones and free wifi.
They also have an nice weight machine and freeweight section.
I really like this gym, been coming here for about 5 years off & on...
When i moved to las vegas in 2011, i tried lvac,24 hr fitness, anytime fitness, and the ymca.
I chose to start rock climbing at this gym because its close to work.
This gym is awesome.
Nice size gym - family owned.
I've been a member at la fitness for nine months.
And the vibe at those gyms.
I was reluctant to join la because i assumed it was the same type of gym.
In any case, i almost never find towels in those bins around the gym.
It's not much different than any other gym.
You get strength training, cardio, and fun all in one!
I have done barre, pilates, hiit, yoga and cardio kick boxing all over town and nothing compares to this workout.
I like this gym a lot.
Overall a great gym.
The gym was bigger than the eos i used to go to.
This is where i started learning to climb, and i have a big soft spot for this gym.
I love interval training and "jogging" to motivating music, which some gyms are discouraging now.
Good gym, great equipment and trainers but acoustics are horrible.
It's too loud in the gym and not from loud music just gym noises.
Ask to train with marlene, she's awesome!
This is hands down the best crossfit gym i've ever been to.
If you're ever in the vegas area or live there you have to go to this gym!
Even at it's dirtiest which hardly ever happens it is cleaner than your other local mega gyms (no names please).
The club is beautiful--it used to be a theatre before they renovated it into a gym.
It's about three levels, complete with cardio area, weights area, stretch room, cycle studio, group fitness studio and yoga studio.
Most of the cardio machines have tvs, and they also have a few projection screens that usually have tv playing.
When you sign up they make you do an evaluation with a trainer.
Then there is erin, who teaches some of the group fitness classes...another all-star!
One of the other trainers, jooli, did try to subtly sell me on training and this was really annoying.
I can tell you my nerves were quickly put to rest by the amazing trainers and members here.
It is an amazing work out that incorporates hiit, cardio, strength training and boxing all into one killer workout.
You can expect to see men and women in all different stages of their fitness journey.
Bottom line, i highly recommend pound gyms.
Get your summer body while having fun instead of dreading the gym...
Definitely not your cold corp type gyms.
I've been to a lot of gyms in scottsdale and bodi is definitely one of a kind.
But in the same breath, modifications are given to make the workouts suitable for any fitness level.
What really sets bodi apart from other gyms is the owner, nikki metzger.
It makes you feel comfortable in her gym and also very excited about reaching your fitness goals.
I highly recommend bodi if you are looking for the best results from a 60-minute group fitness class.
The gym is a good size and there are lots of weight and cardio machines.
They also have personal training sessions that you can sign up for as well.
If you are looking for a decent gym, planet fitness is the one.
There are lots of new trainers and i'd like to give a special shout out to amanda.
This facility was originally fitness factory, but now under new management it is called spectrum fitness.
Although when you do come the sign says "fitness" with a big banner covering the factory part.
If you're looking to improve your health and fitness, this is the place to go!
So i'll admit i jumped in on the bad reviews without really giving this gym a chance.
All the trainers at crowne fitness have been nothing but friendly and inviting.
I would highly recommend working out with todd at crowne fitness.
Plenty of treadmills, ellipticals, weight machines, free weights, exercise balls, and most equipment you would ever need.
No digital scale (only a dial scale) for weight measurements.
Only issue i had was that the fitness manager was really rude towards me.
A manager like that should not be working at a gym with that kind of attitude.
All in all the gym is clean and no other issues so far.
I decided to try fbbc during one of their fitness challenges about three months ago.
And i'm well on my way to reaching fitness goals i though were long behind me.
Great hands on training in a clean and professional environment.
They offer classes and personal training and both are incredible.
The cycle, athletic conditioning, kettlebell and strength training classes are top notch.
Who says i like going to the gym?
If looking for a gym with good perks go check out tempe eos!
Workers are so friendly, gym never pack when im there and a lot of classes, what is great!
This is a great gym, denis is a good trainer.
The negatives are the high amount of greasy dudes in the weight room with fades in their hair.
If you're looking for a cheap gym, don't even bother signing up here.
It's $50 a month.. it is a very nice gym, with lots to do.
The thing i love most about this gym is it is really a family environment gym.
It is nice to see the gym full of people.
I was just curious about it and had been trying for awhile to lose weight on my own.
I've been taking marco's cardio kickboxing class for a couple of years and he is a great instructor.
It's been two months now and i've dropped eight extra pounds by adding zumba to my cardio workout.
I learned a lot about nutrition and fitness with the help of jae and the manager, brandy.
Great trainers great classes.
From the front desk to the trainers i walk in and just want to hang out!
Roberto really takes your fitness journey to heart.
I love this gym!
The best thing about anytime fitness arrowhead is the people.
The trainers are friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.
The group training sessions change every week, so i get a great workout and it's never boring.
Not really into cross fit but its good for cross training if done right.
I'm definitely a group fitness girl, because i love the energy of taking classes.
The trainers are super fun and energetic, and push you in a really supportive and motivating way.
I truly recommend this gym to anyone!
This is not your ordinary gym.
At revolution fitness, you are not just another plastic card to scan.
Crossfit las vegas is unlike anything you've experienced in a globo gym.
Overall the gym is in good condition.
The cardio area is on the second floor and looks above the rest of the gym and to the outside.
Under the cardio area is a pool.
He also asked me to come back and try the gym again with the new coaches.
His dut classes are best i've ever seen in this gym.
I like this gym.
It's nicer than some of the other gyms i've been to, and it's priced right at $22/month.
(now my after-gym treat on some days is the peppercorn steak at applebee's across the street for $10!)
I do have one gripe about the gym: i always feel like the track portion of it should be cooler.
There was a lot of emphasis on mobility, proper form, and variations to take for different fitness levels.
Plenty of free weights and space to work out.
A fantastic gym, even though it's under the management of la fitness now.
They mix in running, rowing, and weights and it changes everyday so you will not get bored.
A lot of other gyms become boring with the workouts whereas here i never get bored.
Kjersten and the hybrid crew have created an amazing atmosphere to learn about and develop personal fitness.
I strongly recommend stopping in the checking out the gym and meeting the hybrid family.
The gym offers a wide variety of machines that are in good shape.
This is the cheers of training gyms.
Definitely worth the investment in your training regimen.
This is a local chain of gym specific to las vegas.
I have a personal trainer as well which is affordable.
You can go to any of their gym throughout the city which is so cool.
They offer a lot of amenities you would expect a gym to have.
They have a separate ladies gym, running track, swimming pools, cardio rooms, classes, free weights and racquetball courts.
The workouts are programmed to promote overall health, fitness, and results.
Bottom line: this gym is amazing!
I've been training with matt for about 7 months, & it's been an amazing experience.
He doesn't waste time while we're in the gym.
I credit his program & training for helping me drop over 80 lbs.
The trainers are cool and keep you and the whole group motivated throughout the workout.
You don't have to wait for a machine while someone reads a magazine on it like in most gyms.
You've got to experience it yourself to understand how much it will help you accomplish your fitness goals.
I'm new to eos fitness gyms.
I haven't had a gym membership in years (at least 10 years honestly).
The price tag for a personal trainer is expensive.
They are way too small for that huge gym.
This gym will change everything you think you know about getting fit!
The trainers and owners are truly one of a kind.
The family atmosphere this type of circuit training creates will keep you motivated and coming back for more.
This gym aka: box in crossfit terms, has it all.
I've been to way too many gyms that are so nasty, unsanitary and smelly.
Overall this is a great gym that i recommend to anyone regardless of their fitness level and age.
Best equipped fitness club in the city, general manager shar helped me from day 1 and remembers me by name.
Have worked out at many gyms, but this is one of the best!
Have done some personal training, the trainers are really good, but kind of expensive.
They also have a 90 day weight challenge...my husband lost 50 pounds and actually won the challenge!
Would definitely recommend this gym.
Very friendly people and a very clean gym and locker room.
Considering this is the only gym i've ever been in, it's great!
I love this gym!
This is my favorite gym and ymca!
They have many locations but this particular gym offers amazing customer service.
If you're looking for a home gym seriously give ymca a shot and you won't be let down.
The gym is in its infancy, but there is a life in this place.
We've all walked into gyms with people mindlessly going through the workout motions.
The gym is organized around a number of class offerings each day.
The classes include men and women of all fitness levels and last for an hour.
The trainers and the staff are so personable and make your workout memorable!
Staff is the great, trainers / coaches were fantastic.
This gym is tiny- i'm not complaining, but for some the snug layout might be a turn off.
Centrally located training facility for all of your fighting needs:  boxing, muay thai, jiu-jitsu, mma, and conditioning.
Competitive pricing, knowledgeable & experienced trainers, many classes offered per week (including weekends).
Welcoming atmosphere, clean and well-kept space, quality equipment, training is set up for all levels - beginner to pro.
And i agree with posts below - unlike many other mma gyms, this is very much a women friendly gym.
I started personal training with john and i am very happy.
Academy of lions is an amazing crossfit gym.
They offer crossfit wod classes, gymnastics, olympic lifting, mobility yoga, pose running technique workshops and more.
It is truly a great place to train.
A large gym with a wide variety of equipment, fairly new, shiny & clean.
Tons of tvs in the centre so you can watch while doing the cardio machines.
I came using the guest pass, but overall can't beat $10/month for a basic gym workout.
I'd like to recommend personal trainers angela, linzie and claudia.
Olympia gets 5 stars for the coach, the gym is owned and run buy coach istvan.
I think that we in the phoenix area are very lucky to have the opportunity to train with coach istvan.
Another thing i've really enjoyed about training at olympia is workingout alongside some really great people.
There's not much to say, one climbing gym is generally like the other.
Good gym, good rates, no bs, no sales pitches.
4 stars because the free weights section tends to be a little chaotic with the weights unorganized throughout the day.
All aspects of the training prove useful and valuable.
Like  the simple layout and size of the gym.
Love  the motivational, highly skilled trainers.
Movements are scalable to any weight, disability or fitness level.
Blue diamond ufc is absolutely one of the best gym/training experiences i've ever had.
They have every type of fitness classes available for basic monthly membership.
They also offer one of the best 1 v 1 mma training experience available anywere imo.
Pricing extremely reasonable for the level of trainer you are getting.
I am so happy i joined this fitness family!
The trainers are top notch, the equipment is top of the line, the facility squeaky clean.
The fitness area and machines were clean and organized.
There are a few trainers and they are all incredible.
Nikki is the original trainer and owns the place with her husband nick and they are both exceedingly nice people.
There are two other trainers madi and missy who are equally awesome as well.
Everyone involved with the gym will make you feel right at home from the moment you walk in the door.
I leave the gym feeling like i have accomplished something and pushed myself beyond what i thought i could do.
And to top it off, the camaraderie at the gym is like nothing else i have experienced in vegas.
They're not pushy like other gyms.
This gym is huuuuge.
I am really amazed at how nice this gym is, lots of cardio machines upstairs and downstairs.
The price is really good and way less than 24 hr fitness with no initiation fees.
Strength or cardio class available both have multiple stations you work your way through.
The staff is super friendly and all the trainers are engaging, encouraging, and upbeat.
Especially recommend for runners, triathletes, or anyone interested in doing cardio as a lifestyle.
And if your trying to tone and/or lose weight, it's a no-brainer.
Since she came into my life, my fitness has never been better than now, i'm stronger and even more fit.
Smartest trainer i've ever had the luck to know.
There's a reason she is a regional manager, she is dynamic with her approach to nutrition, lifestyle and training.
Few doctors associate sub clinical tachycardia with poor sleep, much less trainers.
If you have the opportunity, train with her or study under her.
Best gym i have ever been a part of.
If i ever move back to vegas, this is the gym i'm going to!
I have been working out with las vegas personal trainer mark lani for over a year now.
There is a lot of variety and the workouts are beyond typical gym routines.
The weight didn't go on overnight and it won't come off overnight either.
This gym is cool especially the ladies only gym!
My first gym and i go at least six days a week and i really enjoy it.
It's a pity, but i will stick to another gym without a yearly contract.
Workout area: the gym is brand new, so these new equipment are rarely out of order.
But sometimes the gym gets very busy and u need to wait in line to get your workout done.
Overall, good gym at this cost.
Very clean no matter if you're there for the pool, weights, cardio, hoops, etc....
I gym, but i'm not that hardcore.
He happens to be the most hardcore trainer there!!
But couldn't go back to the gym until the next week because i was so sore!!
The gym is always adding new trainers and has plans to expand.
These trainers push you and encourage you to keep going.
I used to go to gold's gym and it was good however that is for a different review.
People complain about parking all the time but the point of a gym is to exercise, isn't it?
Xplode or get a tuna sandwich as a snack when i go straight to work after the gym some days.
Will be starting a new training program soon so i'll be spending more time here.
Brenda is a great trainer, focused, on track and positive.
This is a great gym.
It's important to keep everything clean in a public gym.
The trainers are top notch.
Excellent gym, perfect location, clean.
Equipment is top-notch and they have plenty of free weights, bench presses, and squat racks.
I've learned so much about fitness and genuinely look forward to working out.
Great class for all fitness levels.
I always know i'm going to get a great workout when i go to orangetheory fitness.
Their 60 minute classes are directed by certified personal trainers who are postive and encouraging.
I know i am doing much more in their class than i would be doing at the gym motivating myself.
This is a very nice gym with a great variety of state of the art equipment.
I do my negatives with free weights so this is a definite plus.
The cardio equipment deserves an a+; minimizing joint impact and working out a good sweat.
I'm seriously considering just canceling my 24 hour fitness membership and going to lvac.
Overall good gym, very comfortable to workout in.
I had been a member at other madison gyms over the years, but finally found my niche at pinnacle.
Pinnacle is an extremely clean, no nonsense gym.
It is pretty pricey, but almost every group fitness place in cleveland is these days.
He explained how the gym worked and let me do my thing.
The gym had some older machines but everything was working and clean.
This gym also has a women's section which is perfect anytime i want to do weight training.
I looked into several fitness places before i committed to ufc gym blue diamond.
The other gyms just cannot stand up to a lifetime gym.
I love this gym!
Because of that, my gym life has suffered.
Boulder city needs a gym like this.
My wife and i have been training with them for almost a year now.
This is a pretty decent gym.
They have all of the weights i need, a pool, hot tub, sauna, steam room and juice bar.
I have noticed that not all planet fitness locations provide the same workout equipment.
I started going to pinnacle fitness about 7 months ago.
I put on some weight, my back hurt, my other joints were achy.
I new i needed a change and a buddy of mine recommended pinnacle fitness.
The first time i stepped into the gym, i felt like i got the red carpet treatment.
All of the trainers are so knowledgeable.
One is more cardio based and one is more strength based.
I feel great and i owe it all to pinnacle fitness.
It is so in depth and really gets to the root issues of weight loss, stress, habits.
Great place with an amazing group of trainers who care about you!
(sigh) i've been thinking about you my dear gym.
I loved everything about my experience at phoenix rock gym.
@ 10 bucks a month you really can't beat this gym!
This is a basic gym that doesn't offer any advanced training options like some of those other big box gyms.
However, for someone like me only wanted a basic gym to work out at, it's just the ticket!
Keep it up planet fitness!
Totally different then working out at the gym!
My membership was grandfathered in when la boxing was changed to ufc gym.
The gym that i usually go to is  the ufc gym in anthem because it is closer to home.
The weight area is spacious as well.
I can do weights without having to worry that i am in someone's space.
I really wish i can make it to the gym for lunch and dinner every day.
I highly recommend everyone to try out this gym, and if possible, take solomon's class.
This is my second "home gym" from mountainside locations.
All the trainers are ridiculously nice!
I would recommend this gym and kristy to anyone!
The workouts are always something different, never boring, and the trainers are all so professional, knowledgeable and helpful.
I've had the best results of my life thanks to orangetheory's workouts and caring trainers and staff.
The space is gorgeous, it doesn't really feel like a typical gym.
This place is like the cadillac of gyms.
One trainer told me,"hey, i see you working out here often.
On my second go-around with their training staff, have seen great results.
Trainer alexis is great, really knows how to kick your butt into shape.
A typical class is split in two groups who alternate between the treadmills and weight room.
I think ufc gyms are a great alternative to a regular gym membership.
This gym is very clean.
Before i start: overweight/normal/small/etc folks don't let some other reviewers steer you wrong.
I must be getting softer in my old age, as i used to detest this sort of gym.
A little lacking in free weights compared to the sheer number of machines.
Cardio equipment area is the size of most entire gyms.
The entire wet portion of the gym: sauna, showers, pool etc are always clean and nice.
Finally: have a session with a personal trainer.
It adds a sense of community to the gym that i missed because lvac is so big.
Enter phoenix rock gym for one healthy, adventurous option.
This gym is amazing.
The workouts focus on high intensity interval training, which is designed to give you the maximum calorie burn.
Both the trainers and the clients here are great.
I love this gym!
Last bootcamp gym charged me $150 a month, this one charges way less and is better.
Prior to the switch i had been with lifetime fitness for about 5 years.
Friendly gym,  great members and staff,  clean and it's a great price.
The trainers are great and motivational.
In particular my trainer gavin - i lost over 40 lbs this year!
I just signed up two weeks ago and this gym is perfect for me.
I work out around lunch time and the gym is not busy at all.
This is a great gym.
I have my two sons training here.
If your goal is to train in bjj, i highly recommend it.
This ymca offers adult gymnastics classes, which is hard to find in charlotte, nc.
The floor is a little less springy than a typical gymnastics floor, but it makes for a better workout.
Great local gym that is never really busy.
Jamie makes the class a lot of fun for people at all fitness levels.
The best gym ever ,if you do want to stay in shape and healthy this is the right place...
4 stairmasters, 2 free weight areas, a pool, punching bag and plenty of cardio machines!
The trainers are professional, friendly, and will certainly push you to your limits.
Awesome gym in tempe!
Staff was friendly and helpful and the gym was clean, lots of machines and not too crowded!
If you don't like gym's this is a great way to get a good workout.
Best olympic weightlifting coach in the whole south west.
He is devoted to his craft and will help anyone succeed as a weightlifter!
My wife and i have been clients of pinnacle fitness from the beginning.
We have enjoyed our association with luke (owner) and our personal trainer jeff vittorio for years.
I'm all about strength training and needed more cardio in my life.
I would consider myself at a moderate fitness level.
I highly recommend if you want something new in your fitness routine or like me, call cardio "cardi-no".
Joined the saturday training session!
Abby was the trainer for the morning and she was great.
This gym is a winner in my book.
A resort-like style gym with all the amenities.
Didn't take any of the classes but the cardio machines were good.
I did wonder why some of the guys wore sunglasses inside the gym while working out.
Gyms are not my favorite place but i admit that they get me through the february doldrums.
There are a few good cardio classes that i enjoy and the cycling is a good bet, too.
The newly-opened downtown gym is still sparsely attended and low-key, which is exactly what this girl is looking for.
The trainers correct your form when needed and are incredibly motivating.
The staff and trainers are all amazing and know the members on a first name basis.
The harris y has a ton of services, and the facility houses a wide variety of fitness equipment and space.
I often stick with the main fitness room.
Classes i've taken at other times of day: cardio strength (probably my favorite), mat pilates, beginner pilates, cycle.
I wish the main fitness area was more open to the outside.
I recently signed up at this gym due to youfit's screw up.
The gym is busy during peak hours in late afternoons like most gyms but aren't too packed.
I have been a regular at this gym for a long time.
This is a gym for people who want to work out.
Personal trainer is very good and with reasonable rates of 30/hr if you buy 5 sessions at a time.
The bad: cardio equipment often broken and getting old.
Need new stuff not the cleanest gym.
As gyms go, lifetime is definitely one of the best.
That's not a huge difference, but it's palpable if you're familiar with the likes of bally, 24-hour, la fitness, etc.
I've been going to this crossfit gym for about six months now and i absolutely love it.
The gym itself is a beautiful facility.
This gym offers great fitness classes with lots of variety.
Madison gym connects to the sheppard centre goodlife (and ttc too) if you follow the underground concourse at the elevators.
Both gyms have an indoor pool too!
One at pf and the other at another commercial gym.
I used pf for late night workouts and cardio, while i used the other gym for heavy lifting and deadlifts.
A lot of the fitness "purists" don't like pf because of the smith machines and limited free weights.
And to be honest, neither is any other commercial gym.
However, if your goal is general health and fitness, pf is fine.
I recently transferred to the hadley, mass gym, hopefully that gym is just as great as champaign's!
It's not just about lifting weights, it's eating right as well, and mark will help you with that.
Went to gym out of shape and needed a trainer to motivate me, tony's the man !
Thanks tony your an excellent trainer.
Studiofit is an excellent gym.
The trainers are knowledgeable and personable as well.
This is a wod (workout of the day) based gym.
However, the gym is open from 5:00am-8:30pm.
The trainers make a point of introducing new members and the clientele make a point of welcoming them.
Oh, and i can't wait to fully utilize the outdoor gym area when things cool down a bit.
I thoroughly enjoyed going to this gym, and that can be said for all times of the day.
Great little gym overall but at the rate it's growing, it's not gonna be "little" for long.
This place is the gym to go to in hampton!
The testosterone levels in the weight area increases during rush hours at 5pm and the battle begins towards the racks!
The gym is pretty clean most of the time.
I have been to functional fitness gyms all over the world and nobody does it better than sicfit scottsdale.
Just switched from lifetime to mountainside fitness, best decision i've made in a while.
My main issue with my previous gym was their rude staff from the initial interactions to present.
I actually drive farther to get to my new gym, and it's well worth it!
I happened to be visiting tempe for the thanksgiving weekend and was looking for a gym that wouldn't disappoint.
Don't miss this gym!
Overall, worth the money for all gym lovers and haters alike.
Comfort: i think this gym makes all skill levels feel comfortable and it's never crowded in my schedule.
Best gym in town!
I train with jason and he has helped me so much.
All of the trainers are great!
Compared to my previous gym bally's, and every other gym i've been to, this gym rocks!
I'd recommend this gym to anyone.
I was visiting the area and decided to try out this gym.
I have never seen a gym with so many options.
Example:  most gyms have 2-3 calf machine selections.
This place is fantastic--the owners arthur and frank are great trainers.
I highly recommend this gym.
-6:30pm when you need some encouragement your fellow gym getters want it, will make you want it!
Offer additional personal training  11.
Personal ufc web account to track your fitness with newsletters with health topics and advice.
You get a free fitness assement every month.
Hope this helps you find a gym worth your expectations.
If it doesn't, just know that....  "my gym is better than yours!!! "
This gym is less than other gyms in the area - and is managed well.
Best small gym ever!
Wynn (the owner/trainer) sets up workouts like i've never seen before.
If you have fitness goals to reach this is the place to be.
Everyone that was working out at the gym look like they had a goal and was working out hard.
Thanks jonathan and the team for making me feel comfortable and making it feel like its my home gym.
Great facility with ample parking and plenty of exercise machines and cardio equipment.
Could use more free weights maybe
You gotta try them out, it's not your frilly gym
I am new to working out and found myself being comfortable and really enjoying going to the gym.
The trainers there are also great!!
Out of my history of gyms this is one of my favorites.
I attended a weightlifting workshop here and was impressed with the facility and the coaches.
The gym is in a huge space with lots of equipment and a variety of different coaching techniques.
The ufc gym at blue diamond is a good place to start your fitness.
I would most definitely recommend this gym to anyone any where any time.
The class itself was nicely varied with speed and endurance tracks, an arms track with weights, and ample stretch time.
Sicfit scottsdale is one of the most elite functional fitness gyms in the valley.
I am a prime example of the life|fitness|sport philosophy of the workout programming.
Great people, great trainers!
I love their fitness classes.
This rock gym has more variety of walls compared to the other gym in the east valley, climbmax.
Friendly staff, clean facility, and a variety of different "trainers" throughout the gym.
This is a surprisingly well equipped gym for being in a very busy area of town.
I've seen a trx training rack if that floats your boat.
Been a 5+ year member of lvac gyms.
The gym has a nice layout and nice variety of equipment.
Its november and its just more humid and sticky than other gyms.
I like to be able to go straight to work from the gym.
All cardio machines are equipped with cable tvs (with audio jacks).
It's a fun environment for all different levels of gym goers.
I was set up and started with a great trainer right away.
If you are looking for a great gym, join this one.
Older gym but still better than the one in my town.
She is very cardio oriented and i left a sweaty mess.
From dumb bells, free weights and more.
The high ceilings make this gym my fav!
Very busy location for planet fitness.
Customer service is friendly and super clean gym.
They also offer health screenings, personal training and other community programs.
I had a 7 day pass to this gym and loved it in 2 days.
This is better than planet fitness.
Here, they have a lot of machines and then room for weights, doing exercises on the floor, etc.
For $20 a month, this gym is perfect for me.
The gym is a truly great gym!!
Now stop yelping for 90 minutes and hit the gym.
C'est la place pour s'entrainer oui, mais aussi pour faire du resautage puisque le club organise rgulirement des venements divers.
This place is clean, super organized, offers trainer assistance and is an incredible value.
I found bodi online while searching for gyms when i was coming to town for vacation.
It's a great challenging workout and nikki has much infectious enthusiasm to spread around on fitness!
The trainers have become like family and you feel welcomed when you come inside.
Not like a big box gym where no one even knows your name.
All the trainers are amazing!
This is the best fitness training i have ever experienced!
I have struggled with getting fit and exercising and i have finally found the place and the perfect trainers.
We were here on vacation and my daughter needed to train for a swim meet.
I came across this gym when i bought a groupon that included boot camp classes from this gym.
But the main trainer is one of the best i've experienced.
I felt it was ideal for beginners and those who have experience training.
We worked on every aspect of exercise, core, cardio, weight training, stretching, etc.
At this gym this wasn't the case.
He was basically working for free but trained me like a full paying customer.
Bottom line he's an excellent trainer who knows his stuff and cares about everyone that walks in the door.
The gym may not be the biggest or the newest but that's nothing in comparison to receiving quality training.
And that's what you'll get at gap fitness.
Words cannot describe how much fun cycle corps fitness is!
Thank you jared and cycle corps fitness as you have truly changed my life!
So thankful for revolution fitness.
I always feel right at home here, as does everyone else, regardless of fitness level.
To clarify - there are 2 separate gyms.
The 'cardio center' is free for guests.
It has a wide variety of cardio - 12 treadmills, plus ellipticals and bikes.
It does have a small free weight area - full set of dumbbells, bars, mats and a couple of benches.
The spa gym is $30/day and is massive and has all the machines you could want.
This gym is nice and clean.
I've been a member of 4 gyms in town and pf is by far the best.
There is an enormous gym on the first floor.
Carlota is a great teacher that provides a full hour of non-stop cardio!
Any who i live really close to this location and decided i didn't feel like driving to my other gym.
Every crossfit gym should be like rugged crossfit 702!
They also have yoga and open gym on the weekends which is a nice way mix things up.
I love this gym.
Great place for group training.
However, one of the major differences is that this gym is for ages 16+.
It's two story suite filled with cardio, weights, locker rooms, and multipurpose room for classes (e.g., yoga, pilates, cardio).
Different exercises each day, and a trainer with you every step of the way!
I didn't feel pushed at all to get personal training sessions.
Joined the gym and no one explained the 30 day cancelation fee and unable to use membership.
It is a small gym but has everything you need i  the end.
Honestly, i never considered this gym until a fitness challenge came up.
Some trainers do special bonding opportunities like watching tuff*n*uff or hiking.
The gym is where i get rid of stress and anxiety.
I've been coming to this gym for a few months now.
Besides, i already go to 2 different gyms.
David, the manager, gave me the option to work with a different trainer.
Faith in this gym has been restored.
That's the other thing i like about this gym - the weights area is never crowded.
He started training since he was 5 years old.
She is ufc gym.
The gym isn't open until 6am but e is always early and i like that.
Yes, this was a herculean aggregation of raw fitness potential.
Ok lifetime fitness, you win round one.
It has a wide variety of machines, weights, cardio, strength, and a million classes of all types.
There are also trainers available for fitness evaluations and instruction on the machines.
Amazingly well equiped clean gym.
Thank you again for getting my butt in shape always my place for fitness !!!
I joined this gym i like to call my happy place exactly a year ago today.
I've had gym memberships with all the different gyms around town and none of them come close to this one.
Thank you david and all the wonderful staff for running the best gym!
Ok and the best part of this whole gym is that they have so many tanning beds.
If you're expecting a high-class gym experience, go to lifetime and invest $70 every month.
It isn't very big but it still has a good work out and weight training selection.
The coaches are enthusiastic and licensed in personal training.
This is the first group cardio workout that i actually enjoy.
I have not been to any other youfit locations, but this is a nice gym for the cost.
They offer personal training, and they aren't pushy about signing up.
There are plenty of cardio and weight machines.
They have all of the standard free weights too.
Overall, this gym is well maintained, and it is a great value.
The folks that work out at the gym are great.
Fantastic trainers that encourage you during the whole class.
This gym is immaculate!
Great gym to drop in.
Plenty of space and equipement for anything you need in your training.
There was face painting, a horse drawn buggy (free rides), characters, ferris wheel, train rides...etc.
They have a large variety of equipment and all the trainers are very good.
Normally i use the outdoors as my gym.
Cons: - the gym has a very distinct ymca smell.
Other gyms don't smell quite the way the ymca does.
It makes for a really diverse gym experience.
The best high intensity group training in the valley!!!
Very outstanding gym and motivational staff.
Anyone who lives in scottsdale should check this place out if they want to improve their fitness and health.
Well, now i have tried two different trainers and can't say it was such a good deal.
My last trainer was just going through the motions in setting up my workout.
It works for me because of the trainers.
I was clueless as to what to do in a gym... and i lack personal motivation.
I've tried f45, lvac, 24hr, edge fitness, trufusion, ilovekickboxing, realresults, david barton, etc.
But i really dislike corporate gym that mass market to everyone and anyone.
You can lift, take a fit (hiit - high intensity interval training) class, or cardio kickboxing.
I belong to this gym...
I live in the south section of pittsburgh, and i find that this gym is not too far from me.
You get two free personal training sessions when you join.
They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.
The only thing i would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.
She gave me a schedule of classes and recommended the yoga classes to help with my pregnancy fitness needs.
New equipment, new weight plates and a variety of cardio machines.
I bet most gyms are like that.
The cardio machines are always available.
They have so many so if you are into cardio this place is definitely your match.
I use the cardio after lifting and they cardio machines are good quality.
I am also a little annoyed at the small group training sessions they have on the main floor.
The locker rooms are no different than any other gym.
I have gone to la fitness, gold's, ymca and the locker rooms all smell.
I recommend they pay double the cost at another gym so it can afford to renovate every other year.
Actually, the only time i saw better was in a gym built within a year of my membership.
I did hear from the staff that fitness works was recently bought out but they didn't say from who.
In summary: this place has a few annoyances but those are no different than any other fitness centers.
Got a groupon to try this gym.
Beyond the workouts there is a great sense of community and friendship in the gym.
Goodbye, la fitness, hello, ymca.
New gym opening adding to the chain perfect location.
Updated new machines spaced out perfect and plenty of cardio machines to go around.
I always was interested in fitness, however, and joined the crew team in high school for the competition and camaraderie.
For the first time since high school, i felt a sense of camaraderie through fitness.
I actually wanted and was motivated to come to the gym every day.
Without a doubt, the best training style i have ever been introduced too.
Amazing mix of classes and the trainers do a great job motivating.
Once we paid for our day we got our climbing shoes and sat in the training film area.
After the short film our hands on trainer was waiting for us with our harnesses.
We put them on and were taken to a wall for hands on  training.
After twice each and showing we had the hang of it we were let loose on the entire gym.
This probably the cleanest gym i have ever been to.
98% of the time i get the exact cardio machine i want.
The only gym i've ever been able to reach my goal weight at.
The trainers are simply amazing and encouraging (coach amie is my personal favorite).
Amerifit is a gym where many serious body builders work out.
This is an anti-planet fitness (there are no pizza days).
This place is where private personal trainers take on clients who do not have an affiliation with planet fitness.
What the casual person may see upon entering:  you will hear lots of grunting and weights being dropped.
The place may seem run down (older weights / machines).
I followed my trainer (which means i chose my trainer at a location where we could work out).
Example - cardio equipment.
Find you a trainer, meet him/her at amerifit, and workout.
This is not a chain gym where everything is new with standard (usually leased) equipment.
There is only one coach - istvan at this gym.
The "box" or gym is well equipped with rogue goodies, it was well organized and clean.
This review is being written by a die hard gym rat with lots of experience at lots of different gyms.
I actually have multiple gym memberships with different facilities and it's time that gemini gets the review it deserves!
Management seems to always get these machines repaired faster than any other gym i have been a member at.
This is very important and an area most gyms really lack.
Most gyms leave it to the trust they have in their members to clean equipment after each use.
I feel that every gym has their way of being unique and special.
Let's face it, we all have a purpose as to why we become members of the gyms we join.
For everything they have to offer i can't name one gym who could compete with it as a whole package.
Overall, a decent gym experience with some important caveats.
The basic gym membership costs ten dollars a month, plus a $1 one time sign-up fee.
Yes, this gym is very affordable.
The cardio equipment that they have seems to be decent enough quality.
However, cardio equipment only includes (many) treadmills and ellipticals, alongside a few stationary bikes.
Why on earth does a fitness place promote tanning?
Cannot say enough about this gym.
This 24 hour fitness is the nicest one i have ever seen.
The gym itself is huge, with plenty of equipment even when it gets crowded.
There are row upon row of cardio machines, weight machines, free weights, etc.
So if you're looking for a nice gym, check out 24 hour fitness at mesa riverfront.
A well priced gym for the area and a real bargain if you experience the kick-ass classes here.
It is easily the best gym that i've ever set the foot in.
The owner nikki is a nike certified coach, and is very passionate about fitness.
She is providing, what i call a true personal training in a group setting.
They're small enough for your trainer to watch you and make sure you're performing the exercises with correct forms.
Nikki will adjust training to your level of fitness expertise.
The gym is very clean, the restrooms & showers are impeccable and the bottled water is provided.
I like this gym a lot though!
Well i actually wanted to cancel but thanks to the fitness manager, denny i did not.
I really like this gym.
It isn't phony and the trainers put you to task.
My trainer, ryan sarver, is awesome.
The gym can be crowded at times but i think that's a good sign.
I love the movie/cardion room!
If you want a gym versus a spa, this is a good choice.
The trainers do a great job and are very helpful.
The best of all the 24 hour gyms!!
I visit this gym the most and have never had a complaint about.
This is definitely a great place to reach your fitness goals.
I left la fitness to go to this gym and it was the best decision i've made!
When you're ready for a real gym, step up to life time.
The trainers are great and so are the people!
The vibe is chill and not intimidating for those who have "gymtimidation".
Brandy helped us through it all and she's such an amazing trainer!
I recommend for anyone willing to change their fitness lifestyle to join their membership!
Love, love,  love all the trainers and the community of members here.
All the trainers are top notch.
Obsessive about tracking all of your workouts on strava or training peaks?
Cyclecorps fitness is the only spin studio in las vegas that has incorporated spivi software into it's facility.
Nothing beats a personal trainer to accomplish your goals!!
This gym is amazing.
The trainers are very friendly, they explain the workouts so you understand the movements and encourage you along the way.
I am happy to say that my weight has decreased, but more importantly my body fat percentage has decreased also.
Its total body so you achieve balance in your fitness routine.
Very happy w/ this gym.
The gym is kept clean-- never had issues with broken machines or dirty workout areas.
I recommend this gym for anyone who wants cardio or weight machines.
They do have a trainer though to help you out if needed.
Brenda is an amazing trainer!
I have seen fast results with the healthy eating and interval training brenda has me doing.
Wonderful gym to go to.
The gym and the people that work there are absolutely fantastic!
The trainers really care about the members.
I love this gym!!
This gym is perfect for that!
You come in, you have a great trainer telling you what to do along with individual guidance and great motivation.
Were these negative reviewers really interested in improving their fitness and self defense skills?
I am yet to visit a gym facility that has the atmosphere that lifetime has.
The swim lessons are excellent and the cardio and weight floor is beyond what any 1 person will require.
I am so happy with the gym!
Does get crowded as all good gyms do between 3-6pm.
The people are great, monica knows how to manage a gym.
The owner, nikki, is a ball of energy and one of the most fun fitness coaches i've ever had.
This place honestly feels like a great community rather than just another gym.
The weight portion is great and the tracking is an awesome way to track your progress!!
I have been to other gyms where equipment would have out of order signs for months.
I've already begun to see results with my form and running times after 3 weeks of training.
I just recently joined this gym after being at my last for 5 years.
The group fitness classes at this gym are amazing.
Great gym and staff.
I highly recommend this gym and group fitness classes.
All the gym equipment is in the middle of the room and there is a track that goes around it.
The only negative would be that it's still a pretty small gym compared to the goodlife gym nearby (main competitor).
Overall fantastic gym, i was impressed.
Definitely a great gym for families.
Gym is super low key and has all the basics any boxing gym needs.
If your looking for attention or a personal trainer the n this isn't the place for you.
The cardio room is pretty awesome and can rival the much more expensive gyms.
Eos in tempe is an above average 24/7 gym!
No question this would be my regular gym location if i wasn't such a road warrior...the appearance is clean.
The love the cardio cinema room.
This gym is exceptionally tight in space but it does have everything you need.
Its a clean gym if you compare it to something like premier fitness.
This has remained a hidden gym for me until recently.
Great gym, superior amenities.
I come to this gym 3 to 4 times a week.
It's a really clean gym, with great massage chairs and functioning machines.
Planet fitness is not like that.
Is it as big as some of their competitor gyms?
Every single one of the trainers that i have had dealings with are just fantastic.
It is pricier than other gyms, but it is so worth it.
Friendly staff and personal training available as well.
Definitely check it out if you're looking for a new gym!
I was recommended by my good friend, ron mortel, who's son, jaden, also trains at cobrinha.
The locker rooms are well kempt and the place doesn't smell like dirty gym socks soaked in b.o.
I started coming here earlier this year and i was happy to see trainers/coaches very enthusiastically teaching classes.
The trainers are awesome!
But really all of the trainers have been great.
Chelsea, one of the trainers is great fun, she always adds a bit laughter to make the class super enjoyable!
Thegym is not the same as the cardio centre included with the resort fee.
The gym is located inside spa manadlay.
It is one of the biggest hotel gyms i have ever seen.
There are a full lineup of exercise equipments even more than my local gym.
Enough free weight area too.
The cardio equipment at thegym and the cardio centre are similar.
Hence, if your workout only involves cardio, no need to purchase a gym pass to use this gym.
It is a gym quite close to my house, which is honestly the main reason why i go there.
The prices are lower than other places like wynn fitness and extreme.
Love this place -- excellent gym.
The best part about this gym is the staff here!
Hands down the best gym i've ever been to  i'm so glad i met everyone here !!
Decent set-up, good machines, lots of free weights, steam room and hot box sauna, pool and hot tub.
It is the best place to workout and has the most equipment out of any gym that i've been to.
I am continuously impressed with the caliber of trainers and management they have and absolutely love all of them.
This gym is one of the best in the phoenix/scottsdale area.
I've been a member since january 2013 and i'm enjoying being a part of this gym.
This is by far the best planet fitness location i have seen in charlotte.
Switched gyms from es, and i have to say that i am very pleased with my decision thus far!
The best part is that the gym is not overly crowded at the times i've been so far.
Great gym hired a personal trainer ava knight to train for the police academy.
Let this be said, i'm not a huge fitness person but orange theory is absolutely amazing.
You get the best of all worlds in one class.. cardio, weight lifting, and stretching.
They do activities on the side as well such as mini competitions, weight loss competitions, etc.
The trainers here i personally believe are amazing, each and every one.
I have been to so many gyms and this class is the best!!
Cardio machines on every corner, and a running track upstairs!
Great gym and great staff!
All the equipment is brand new and gym is very clean.
Would definitely recommend coming to this gym.
Bodi is the best gym you will ever go to!
This gym is the best of the best!
I've been crosffitting for over 2 years and have been to a few gyms around the country.
Because of this environment, there are not the cliques you'd expect and what i've experienced at other gyms.
If you've been to other crossfit gyms you know why this is rare.
Pick up heavy weights and put them down.
If we didn't feel comfortable, there was staff walking around the gym the entire time we were there.
Note: they use grigris in this gym.
There were tons of routes throughout the gym.
I usually go to this particular gym on the weekends so it's not really that busy.
I have tried several crossfit gyms and just never found a fit.
The positive atmosphere and supportive environment is everything i could want in a gym.
That's almost weird it's so good - since it wasn't a globo anytime fitness and the like.
As for me this gym is a decent place to workout, has all the machines i need.
This is my local gym.
I love dp fitness!
I came from an extremely overcrowded gym and was promised dp would not be that way.
You never have to wait for people to get off machines or cardio equipment.
The owner and managers are very attentive and love to hear feedback about our daily gym experience.
I recommend dp fitness to all my friends and family in the area.
This is a great gym big part of my weight loss, everyone was friendly.
We literally drove to the gym from the airport!
As far as inexpensive, clean, well put together gyms go- tempe 24 hour has it covered.
I got a 3 day pass to this gym about a month ago and i loved it !
I loved the sauna , the equipment, and weights .
The people were very friendly and there were no obnoxious gym heads there .
Besides that , the gym was amazing .
The ufc gym at blue diamond is a good place to start your fitness.
I would most definitely recommend this gym to anyone any where any time.
I recently switched to this gym from la fitness and i wish i did it sooner.
This is one of the best and cheapest fitness centers in toronto.
Crysanne is so incredible at what she does as a trainer.
They focus on everything from kettle bells to bosu balls to jacob's ladder to free weights.
This is a really nice fitness center.
This gym may not be in the best location but it's very clean.
I would definitely come back when my body craves that cardio.
I was in town and curious to check out a new gym.
My kids call this place "your gym", i guess bc i say, "we're going to my gym!".
Pretty standard planet fitness gym.
Plenty of cardio machines and weight machines and the gym isn't usually crowded.
You get great amazing value for the price that you pay for your gym membership.
The staff is very friendly but doesn't ambush you trying to sell services while you are training.
I love my personal trainer (patricia rose) and the metabolic specialist helping me with my zone training (mark wagner).
Paying a few extra bucks for a resort feel gym is well worth it to me!
I even tried another gym's trial membership before heading into 9 round this very morning.
I have been a member of regular gyms for years and years, and i have gotten the same results.
What i like about f45 is it's quick cardio that you don't have to think about.
This gym has everything you need for a great workout!
I love this gym!
I recently embarked on a fitness and weight loss journey, and this place is perfect for beginners.
The members range from beefy fitness types to people who clearly just started working out.
Gym is so spacious.
It is great at this gym, the service is nice and very sociable.
If you want to step up your game, personal trainers, special classes and other additional options are there.
I have nothing but great things to say about this gym.
I have only been a member of this gym for a month, but enjoyed it while it lasted.
This gym will be permanently closed after july 6th.
Come on- a 24 hour up-to-date gym that costs you 30$/month- it doesn't get much better or cheaper than that.
So sad i moved too far from this gym!
However, this is the best gym i've been to!
Not only are the trainers motivating and encouraging, they are very mindful that everyone has the proper form.
It's like having a personal trainer without being singled out.
I love this gym!
Definitely my favorite gym i've been to in he valley!
The fitness center is state of the art and group classes to boot...
I've only been to two la fitnesses but this is way nicer than the bellevue location.
It is stocked with tons of new shiny equipment and a great cardio balcony, each machine with individual tvs.
Really low key and great vibe to the gym, and a killer workout to boot.
They also have squash courts, a pool, full gymnasium, day care, and taekwando studio.
They have an indoor track, but it loops around the cardio machines/weights, so it's a bit awkward.
Loved this fitness center!
I've been coming to this gym for almost a year now.
For the amount of gyms i've had memberships at this one exceeds them all.
A gym is a gym and it's not perfect.
I more so lift weights but occasionally have hit a spin class which is top notch as well.
All in all good, clean, maintained gym with lots of equipment and great staff :)
All and all a pretty decent gym.
They have plenty or equipment and trainers.
Looks like brand new gym!
Clean gym, no stinky gym smell!
This gym was actually an exception for the most part and didn't stink at all!
I find the prices to be somewhat of a bargain and having a trainer has made me accountable.
No longer am i paying for 90% of the services my older gym provided that i never ever used.
Crowne fitness is a great option for anyone wanting to improve their overall health.
I highly recommend stopping in and talking to the trainers there.
We've been using this eos fitness gym since it opened.
So much fun and such a great trainer.
I joined this gym about a year ago.
The trainers are knowledgeable and super-motivating.
The trainers will differentiate workouts to you capabilities.
My favorite gym to workout at!!!
Good variety of weights and cardio machines!
Love watching trainers working with clients so i pick up a lot of good workout tips!
The workouts are challenging, whatever your fitness level.
The trainers are educated, knowledgable, helpful and positive.
I find hybrid fitness to be an excellent gym in every way.
The unique addition of fit fresh's nutritional offerings makes hybrid an exceptional place to pursue your fitness and wellness goals.
20.00 a month, it gives the option to visit any of the gyms.
John schedule me with a free session with a personal trainer.
The gym is filled with people of all ages and sizes.
I came in after gaining a bunch of weight and losing a lot of muscle after neck surgery.
I have been to many other gyms and i have to say this is the best!
The trainers are awesome and really care about you.
Different everytime and set up like group personal training.
I was in the area and wanted a fitness class while here.
This is a great facility - huge gym w/ plenty of cardio equipment, free weights & machines.
There is a beautiful outdoor trail that runs along the hospital and gym area  as well.
My boyfriend and i recently relocated to az and were struggling to find a gym.
He was looking for something with a structured strength training focus.
Her energy encourages a welcoming team environment that i haven't experienced at other gyms.
I have nothing but great things to say about this gym.
She has trained with him personally and within a group and has learned so much from him!
I love this gym!
This is my favorite gym and ymca!
They have many locations but this particular gym offers amazing customer service.
If you're looking for a home gym seriously give ymca a shot and you won't be let down.
Shopping for a great gym can be a bit daunting.
Many times in the past i've purchased overpriced, so-called gym memberships only to be bored to distraction after a week.
But aside from that, a great gym and a great trainer.
I really enjoy this gym.
On the up-side, the personal training is great and they really foster an atmosphere of fitness and healthy living.
It's the best hiit training in scottsdale.
Nikki, madi, sarah, kaleigh, and harper are all amazing trainers.
If you're in pursuit and motivated to achieve your fitness goals then this is the place for you.
I recommend bodi to everyone when looking for a new gym in scottsdale/phoenix area!
It is expensive however the gym is everything you could hope for minus a pool.
The staff and trainers are always very pleasant to deal with.
The trainers are professional and only want you to succeed.
Equipment and cardio machines.
I come here just to lift and do some cardio and that's what it's perfect for.
Crossfit dtp is more than a gym; dtp is a family!
It works great with our busy schedules and at the time we go the gym is relatively empty.
Nice selection of gym equipment plus they just purchased all new smart machines that count your reps!
This is what's missing at many of the other boot camps, gyms, and studios.
I recently cancelled my membership with revolution fitness.
Although i was taking a kick-boxing class, the gym is more cross-fit focused.
This gym has it all!
I have been going to this gym for over a year and it has been perfect for me.
I go to the gym for fitness not to socialize.
The gym also hosts different fitness classes in this room.
I lost nearly 100 pounds and couldn't have done it without this gym.
So i was not able to afford my payments for 24hr fitness anymore, and joined lvac.
The mornings are pretty empty and i like it, i feel i have the whole gym to myself.
I really like this gym.
It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don't have big contracts and they have flexible memberships.
The instruction and training is unmatched.
It is very fitting that his slogan is "evolve your game" because that's exactly what happens when you train here!!
Best gym in the area.
Great support for achieving fitness goals.
I enjoy lifting weights but not when a bunch of muscle heads are purposely grunting and trying to look tough.
Thank you dynamic fitness for changing my life!
I've been going to this gym for almost 3 years.
Cons this is not a full-service gym with weights, classes, showers, etc.
Like every fitness service, you get out of it what you put into it.
I've been a member at this gym for over 4 years now.
The trainers are all great and different in their own way.
Darrin and craig are great trainers!!
He does his best to accommodate his members and improve the gym.
The gym sounds like it will continue to expand so i'm excited to see all the positive things to come.
I live and work nowhere near this gym.
The parking lot is busy, but the gym is massive and can hold a ton of people.
It's a gym people, not a country club.
Highly recommend this studio to those seeking a great cardio workout and zero studio attitude.
I've trained without consistency for almost 20yrs.
Love going to train, i don't fear injury and i look forward to being around great people.
It's a good, clean facility with well-trained staff.
It's great that they have a wide-variety of equipment and classes 'cause it helps avoid getting in a fitness rut.
It's super clean, has all the machines and free weights you'll ever need and it's never busy!!
The gym is huge and full of difficult and not-so-difficult climbs.
Having been to plenty of goodlife gyms (dufferin, finch stn, yonge/queen) i like this one the best.
Like all the other gyms you can avoid being yucked out by just bringing some slippers.
I can divide the gym into three main areas off the top of my head.
This is mostly cardio and the personal training area.
Free weights and squat racks are also in this area.
Free weights and machine area for the most part.
But they also have cardio machines in front of the windows, which is nice.
But that's a problem with the patrons, not the gym.
I love my gym.
Our class trainer roberto was very motivating and had lots of positive encouragement.
I felt like i was at a middle school gym for a second- not cool.
The adults only got a half court...which makes me wonder if this is more of a kid's mountainside fitness.
Helen also contributed to the positive atmosphere of the gym.
I've trained martial arts my whole life and still coach at my own gym in the bay area.
Do yourself a favor...if you're going to train-make this place the place for you and your family.
I must say that this is the best gym i have ever been to.
The trainers are the best, and you can't beat the price if your into fitness and real results!
Group fitness classes, which i've done and enjoyed.
The trainers that i've worked with are always very positive and encouraging, and knowledgeble.
They offer summer camps for the kids--10 hours of swim and gym!!!
It's not cheap, but hands down the perfect gym for families!
I am very impressed with the staff at the val vista la fitness in gilbert.
Melissa and cathy in the personal training department are awesome to work with and very supportive.
I visited this facility to get my pump on, and was genuinely surprised with the size of this darn gym.
Excellent gym that has everything i need.
I've trained in all locations!
Great for all levels of training.
But for that ass-kicking, you will not find a better equipped and better staffed crossfit gym in las vegas.
I went in for a fitness class that gave the perfect amount of time for recovery after each activity.
I absolutely love this gym!!
The gym is well kept and no waiting for equipment.
Phoenix rock gym is wonderful!
This location used to be an extreme fitness location, so is bigger than most typical crammed goodlife gyms.
Positives very large and spacious gym facility.
Wide range of free weights and machines.
They haven't taken over the gym yet, but if it starts getting flooded with them, it might get pretty crowded.
Highly recommended this to anyone struggling to lose that extra weight.
It has everything i need - cardio and weight machines, great classes, a pool, cleanliness, towels, and friendly staff.
They have great personal trainers (jeremy demers) is my personal trainer and he has done excellent for me.
Best options of gym group classes in the world!
Joined fitness evolution this week after being a member of lifetime fitness for 10 years.
This is one of my three favourite gyms on this yonge strip.
I like the convenience that the gym is directly linked to the subway.
I like going to this gym!
The gym is usually not overly crowded when i go but does get busy.
This is the best opportunity to lose weight the extreme way.
I'm not a "gym person" simply because i'm lazy (haha) bit i feel different here.
I really like it here and the trainers are great!
I enjoy it here because there's a lot of equipments, service bar/cafe, pool, sauna/steam room, track and fitness programs/ classes.
No 5 star because too many personal trainers during the day.
There isn't a better gym on the planet.
If you are looking for a great environment to learn about fitness, sicfit is for you.
They have classes for kids, all fitness levels, yoga and nutrition classes.
I can't thank the gym enough for helping me down the road to my fitness goals.
New gym opening adding to the chain perfect location.
Updated new machines spaced out perfect and plenty of cardio machines to go around.
Should be a 24/7 gym.
Gym need some updates but, the focus for this review is my trainer.
Cathy by far is the best trainer i've had since i've moved here.
Used to be my gym for 15 years, stopped going in 2010.
Essentially a fitness centre, not a gym per say.
If we;re talking weightlifting and such then its not comparable to say a powerhouse or la fitness, etc.
We were very unhappy with his previous gym so with a recommendation from a friend we reluctantly tried cobrinha bjj.
However, the moment we stepped into the gym we were warmly greeted by professor hector and his staff.
After leaving we knew that this was the place that we need our son to train.
Argon cross fit is almost like personal training but more fun and a whole lot cheaper.
The place is not fancy, but why does a gym have to be.
I've lost weight and increased strength...
Trainers and staff know you by your first name which is a nice touch too.
The workout itself is challenging but the instructors offer adjustments for different levels of fitness.
If you have any physical limitations, they will both accommodate you and train you.
It really helped me to build my confidence in the gym as well.
It's the perfect gym for me.
I usually go to the gym in the mornings and it is an older group.
There is never a wait for a cardio machine.
For now i just get in, do cardio and hit the weights and machines.
Great vibes all around the gym for sure.
I highly recommend this place for all ages and weights.
I don't like crowded gyms.
They are putting an addition on the east side of this facility, it's going to be a fitness centre.
Despite having a lot of weight to lose, i don't feel out of place at fbbc.
My best gym and group exercise experience to date!
It pretty much encapsulates various aspects of fitness and tightly packs it into 1 hr classes.
Just to let you a bit of my background pertaining to this, fitness is an important part of my life.
Location: what attracted me most was the location of this gym.
Most of the crossfit gyms are downtown but this one is the only one i've found that is more uptown.
Overall, the gym is very clean despite having that garage gym feel which is super cool.
As classes are typically not that large (5-8 people per hour), the trainer is able to assist everyone.
Trainers: couldn't ask for better bunch of people.
They are constantly taking courses to better their understanding of fitness and mobility.
You have to start somewhere and when you do, this gym will help you see improvements like you've never imagined.
This is a decent cardio center.
Like other metro charlotte ys, the harris has abundant floor space with relatively new cardio and strength training equipment.
There is also a nice fitness-themed cafe with smoothies and other light fare, and even a gymnastics studio.
Indoors is open year-round and has 2 pools, one for fitness and the other for fun.
We were vacationing for the week with family and wanted to keep up with our training.
We trained with four other members and they were really nice.
The staff was great, the place was clean, and plenty of bars/ weights for everyone.
Nice free weight section.
I was checking to see if they had a shower and what their fitness classes were about.
It's circuit & high interval training, exercises to keep your heart rate up.
Again, more for calorie burning not kickboxing to train for a fight.
Anyhow, what makes this gym ber awesome is ray and the whole crew here.
They are all very friendly and that friendliness is spread to the members which creates a gym family environment.
Part of the reason i left my old gym was they killed the vibe at that gym.
We all have fitness goals and revolution will be one to get you to it.
Love lvac great big gym and very clean
This gym is not like a commercial fitness club.
All the perks, fancy change rooms, saunas, fitness classes, etc.
The gym is more of a mom and pop no b,s type gym.
Not your average fitness class.
I hate running and cardio because it's so hard on my knees.
This is perfect whether you're new to fitness or an experienced trainer.
I wish we had a gym like this in toronto.
Derek has done an amazing job bringing this gym to life.
Highly recommend his classes but also this gym in general.
If you want some some world class jiu-jitsu training then i would highly recommend training under professor carlos farias.
The workouts are clear and very effective, the trainers are caring, helpful, and motivating!
Great place to workout and train.
It's not a paycheck to the trainers here they want to make you a stronger person inside and out.
Parking was the problem- really popular gym after 5 pm.
There is a kickboxing gym in the front (fasi sports).
The massive cardio machines section is on the other side complete with multiple large scale tv screens.
I'd run into so many people that i used to work with, at this gym.
There are a few weight machines here too.
Not the greatest gym for powerlifting, but it wasn't bad for a one-day thing.
Thank you my gym for the wonderful party it was amazing!
I also will add this is my favorite of the 24 hour fitness locations.
I have been training with alexis for the past three months and i couldn't of asked for a better trainer.
Seriously, this girl knows her fitness!
So if your looking for a personal trainer, this is the place.
They offer fitness classes as part of your membership, which is a huge plus.
This gym is one of a kind in las vegas!
It's such a great gym that i convinced my near family and friends to start training here.
I took the opportunity to sign up for f45 training via groupon special that was available at the time.
First of all, the trainers are confident, clear, and very consise about each set you train.
The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and the fitness area, showers, and bathrooms are clean.
The best part about the training is the motivation.
I absolutely hated how vain the people were at la fitness at the south scottsdale location.
Although this isn't my "home" gym i enjoy working out at this location.
Highly recommend youfit for a quality, low-priced gym experience.
Facility was great, trainers were engaging and looked out for the others dropping in.
Then you go out the doors and you can make your ways to the fitness center.
It's rather large and has various cardio machines like stair master, treadmills, ellipticals and more.
They also have a range of dumb bells and weight machines.
The workout was an endurance one with 30 minute interval training on the treadmill couple with rowing and weights.
Great for someone who wants to be coached and is not motivated by going to a gym.
I sadly went to a 24 hour fitness gym with my dad since he has a pass.
I felt like i was cheating on this amazing gym with an old creep.
No gym compares to its employees, cleanliness, and machines.
The weights are great because there's always someone around to spot you.
Recently switched gyms and i am so glad i did.
I had a training session with tony, it was a perfect match.
I highly recommend this gym.
I give tony 10 stars as a personal trainer!
I have to drive 40 minutes to get to the gym..
I own a small fitness equipment service company in the valley.
I have worked with a lot of gyms and personal trainers.
Ruben hand ace fitness
The first class i went to was a cardio class.
I went back to the weights class after two days of resting.
Making sure weights aren't too heavy, but pushing people if they need heavier weights.
I have attended some of the hero workouts and the gym is great.
This is by far the best workout i've had and i've trained with fitness competitors/winners in the past.
I have never pushed myself harder or looked forward to coming back to any gym in my entire life.
The trainers are beyond welcoming...they seek out new people and introduce themselves.
Monica was the first trainer i met and she has set the tone.
Every workout is different using circuit style training to get the maximum benefits in a 35-50 min routine.
Every trainer puts their own spin on the routine, making it fun and never boring.
Brian newton listened to everything we were looking for and lifetime fitness has delivered.
Friendly staff - drake & taniya are amazing to work with from the personal training staff.
Buzz in the gym is awesome, people there to "pump up!
It's a great mix of interval, strength, and cardio training.
The workouts are great for any fitness level, and can be modified to make them easier or harder.
I am new to spinning and was totally afraid of the intense cardio workout.
I work out with my trainer frankie at the center.
He along with melissa want to make sure you are getting the best support and training that you can.
It's a personal training session in a group setting.
People of all ages, body types, fitness levels and goals are there doing their thing right beside you.
There is a respectable fitness centre with some free weighs as well as machines and regular cardio machines.
Matt is friendly and knowledgeable as a personal trainer and never crowded.
My son goes to revolution fitness 2-3 times a week.
I've seen a transformation and much improvement in my son's performance since he has started training here.
The gym itself is spacious, clean, welcoming, and bright.
Expect box jumps, burpees, ropes, bands, pull ups, squats, deadlifts...a lot of body weight intense training with cardio option.
I only wish there were tv's in the free weight area.
I highly recommend brenda for your fitness needs.
An amazing gym with great professional instructors.
Ufc gym is the greatest gym in las vegas!
Does your normal gym care about you that much?
The programming, people and trainers truly hold you accountable, it is a great feeling.
The gym pushes you further than you thought was capable.
Sicfit offers fitness for all levels, from children to adults.
Also, they harp on technique, they don't scream to put on tons of weight unless you're doing the movement correctly.
Do people want to help you at a big gym - not really( at least not for a guy).
F45 is the type of gym i have been looking for.
All the coaches are kinetically well trained to give the maximum results for your body.
Awesome gym and awesome instructors.
So glad i joined eos fitness best decision i ever took!
If your looking for a gym with quality and to get the best workout this is your gym!!
I've been happy with this gym.
One thing to keep in mind is that this is not a weight-lifter's gym.
And planet fitness is very open about the fact that they are not trying to be that kind of gym.
So you will not find any squat or bench racks with free weights, or any curl bars, etc.
They have a decent selection of fixed-weight barbells and dumbbells, and a lot of machines.
About half the gym is dedicated to cardio machines.
Needing a change in my motivation, i switched gyms this week.
Basic locker room, trainers etc.
Gave it 4 stars, because it's everything you basically want in a gym, but nothing here has wow'd me.
I appreciate help always being offered by trained professionals.
I have been coming to this gym for over 7 years and i love it!
Eos definitely has much better customer service than la fitness.
Crossfit celsius has an incredible team, gym, and members that become like family.
If you are looking for a gym, you honestly won't find one better then this.
My wife found this gym a couple years ago, and it has totally transformed her.
This place is hands down the best crossfit gym in the west valley!
Recommend to anyone wanting to get in and out of a gym in 55 minutes.
I've lived in the west valley for over 20 years and i've tried numerous gyms in the past.
I feel like i have a personal trainer even though i am in a class with other people.
The amenities are unlike any "gym" and the childcare is top notch for young children!
Anyone can and should try camelback boxing gym!
The trainers are great.
They'll help you push yourself but take people's differing levels of fitness into account.
The gym is nice, and the people that work out there are awesome too.
It's really a place where everyone is welcome regardless of fitness level.
I used to live out on the nw side of sin city, so this was my go-to gym.
I know the parkinglot may get packed, but there is more than enough rom for everyone in the gym!
This gym's track is the biggest of them all.
Geeeeez) and so i always opt for doing my cardio on the track.
My favorite gym, even preferred over the newer one on flamingo/215.
How i miss thee, 95/rainbow gym!
I have been a member in numerous gyms and dragged myself to many a class.
Let's start with the trainers.
The gym has everything!
Best gym i have ever joined.
This gym has some awesome [looking] routes!
Great nickname for a climbing gym staffer, right?
Altogether a nice climbing gym with a homegrown decor and vibe.
Coach istvan is an amazing coach that knows not only the lifts, but also how to train athletes as individuals.
His knowledge about health and physiology and training methods come together to make an amazing coach and amazing progress.
Think astrojump, but with no ceilings, weight requirements, or walls!
There's no intimidation factor at all that you might experience at other gyms.
The workouts have been awesome, the facility is great and nikki is an excellent trainer.
Plus, you're supporting a local gym.
I've been going to shape training for 2.5 years now, and i really love it.
But at shape training, all the coaches are really attentive and involved during the class.
I love this about shape training, because i think its rare for classes to be as grueling as personal training!
My hometown is ashtabula ohio and just 45 minutes away is fitness first supplements.
The laziest/cutest/gym ridden dog you have ever seen lol.
Fitness first carries their own supplements.
Overall, a great fitness center.
One can exercise in the older y section or head on over to the sun devil fitness center.
The sun devil side has cardio machines with one's own personal tv!
The weight room is much better on the older y side.
I save so much gas from not having to drive to a gym now!
Facility: there are plenty of cardio machines.
The weight room in the older part of the y is huge and has excellent equipment.
I participated the 6 weeks challenge at the gym.
This is a group workout gym and you register online using your phone app or online.
A few months ago, i accepted the 9rounds 6 week fitness challenge @ 9 rounds university.
As a former professional baseball player, i am no stranger to weightlifting, cardio and overall fitness.
Don't waste another second at a gym where you try to figure out what to do.....9rounds is a gamechanger.
I come to eos fitness everyday, the time i spend there is by far the best part of my day.
No, it is not the newest gym, however it's maintained well and the staff is super friendly.
You can probably find any type of gym equipment you would ever need here.
I frequently take their early morning (5:30 am) classes and love the trainers.
Treadmills, indoor track, free weights and more.
It's devoid of a certain type of gym rats that exhibit unacceptable behavior that you commonly encounter at other places.
No wifi but, like other newer locations love the ceiling fans over the cardio equipment!
I became a member when the gym first opened up in my neighborhood.
I have yet to work out at this gym, but the environment definitely motivated me to get started.
This gym is huge.
If there is a class going on, there is a limited area for you to do body weight warm-ups/workouts.
After trying different gyms and camps studiofit far exceeds others.
The trainers todd, leslie, and hayden are amazing and actually care that you see results.
I love this gym!
Crossfit 1847 is hands down the best box i have ever trained in.
This ain't an ad kids, feel free to come in any given afternoon and you'll see me training there.
After several years of joining gyms and accomplishing very little, i finally decided to give them a try.
Simply put, working with a personal trainer made all the difference in the works for me.
Nice gym for the price, hours are convenient and machines are well kept.
Walked in last week to this gym and was blown away at the amazing assistance from this staff.
Very helpful gentleman and can't wait to use the gym!
I've tried a few other climbing gyms in phoenix and this is my favorite.
Rclv has become a must in my fitness regime.
One of the better gyms in lv.
Kitty corner to the spa is the legit fitness center (oasis pool view).
Eos fitness is the place to be.
You aren't rushed into any movement or weight you aren't comfortable with.
I recently joined fitness works about a month or so ago.
I would definitely recommend fitness works to anyone.
I've spend the past year working out at extreme fitness dunfield's location, and was looking for something better.
(5)  flexibility - if you pay in full, the gym lets you suspend your membership at any time.
Your membership also includes a sort-of personal training package.
Wow i can't believe there is only one other review for this gym!
I wanted a change of scenery/pace so i started looking for gyms near forest hills.
Not into planet fitness..... standalone crossfit and pure barre are more than i am looking to pay.
The classes themselves were difficult but can be modified for any fitness level!
I definitely think there is a more mature vibe to this gym but that's not necessarily a negative!
After speaking with sam, i guess the shape x area of the gym is a separate entity from khc?
He said i could try out one class for free and have a complementary personal training session.
While their classes seem "cooler" and more total body with weights incorporated....
)-always different perspectives on training from all coaches/trainers.
Reason why i come to this location is the "comfort level"  i love the women's gym here.
I have been training with them for 1.5 years and i have never plateaued once.
Well priced for a gym.
I've been working with cathy, one of the trainers there for several months and i really appreciate the accountability.
Now i am training 2 times per week with matt, plus 2 times per week on my own.
I just joined planet fitness after years at a popular competitor gym.
There are tons of cardio and workout machines to choose from.
But i'm willing to sacrifice this for $10 a month at pf versus $50 a month at my old gym.
There is also a dumbbell free weight area that's good enough substitute imo.
Gym is clean  and ppl are friendly.
This is an amazingly clean gym.
The convenience of it being 24 hours is just one of the many reasons this gym is amazing.
I would recommend anyone looking for a gym to go to anytime fitness arrowhead!
C'est le gym auquel je vais depuis que celui que je frquentais tout l't est ferm pour rnovations.
Highly recommend this gym!
Like this gym allot.
Ton of cardio equipment, and allot of space.
I feel like i've been a member of every inexpensive gym in the area.
I cancelled my gym membership, and started to shop around for a personal trainer.
Le slogan de ce gym que je proposerais serait:"quand faire du sport est un plaisir"!
One of the best and least expensive gyms around.
Good machines, plenty of cardio equipment, a squat rack, a pool, and lots of free weights.
I have looked at several gyms in my area and this one was hands-down the best in price and options!
I really like the layout of this gym.
The daycare section is located outside, to the left of the gym, very convenient for parents.
Joined this gym yesterday.
They have plenty of cardio machines.
If you're looking for a great trainer i highly recommend chris radney!
He's encouraging and will help you reach any of your fitness goals.
Decent gym with a lot of amenities.
The weight room has everything you need but my biggest gym pet peeve is incorrectly racking the weights.
Maybe the ymca doesn't really consider itself a weight lifting gym so they have a devil may care disposition.
It's an easy problem to solve though since i've never seen this at others gyms.
All in all the gym offers a lot for a reasonable price.
Love this rock gym, i've never enjoyed rock climbing until i visited prg.
I recommend everyone try this gym out before judging the sport.
I have had nothing but success with pi4l's personal trainer to go program.
In very little time i saw gains in lean muscle mass, increased stamina, and weight loss.
Other gym trainers focus on just training.
Mark offers a complete package focusing on meal planning and training.
Make an investment in yourself and make mark your personal trainer today.
Big gym equipment at economic prices.
Been going here for about 3 yrs now, and it's my favourite gym.
All other l.a. fitnesses don't offer it.
Fitness in canada and u.s.a. at no additional charge!
Fitness for the dirty population tho.
The staff was great and super welcoming to all that come in and visit and/or workout at the gym.
I like that they incorporated the trx equipment into the gym.
The gym is well kept and super clean.
Big plus that they aren't pushy salespeople like i've experienced in other gyms.
I'm not sure what the whole gym looked like before the renovation, but it is great now!
I really preferred this gym to others that i have been to.
I love this gym!!
They incorporate treadmills, rowers, weights and these great straps to use your own body weight.
I joined pinnacle for their group fitness classes and they're great.
They provide me with a great work and encourage me in my weight loss goals.
I actually look forward to going and it's way better than going to the gym!
Crossfit incendia is the perfect gym for beginners, intermediate and advanced athletes.
Love this fitness center!
No harassing personal trainers, wanting to have you as a client and interrupting your workout.
A real gym doesn't need tvs on every treadmill.
I've belonged to several gyms in my lifetime and this is by far the best.
I love to work out at orange theory fitness.
The trainers are friendly and motivating as are the other people you are working out with.
As they say on the website, strength is more for building muscle while sweat is for the cardio!
I love the atmosphere of this gym.
The environment, staff and people that workout at this gym are friendly.
For health and fitness!
If you are serious on loosing weight, ufc gym is the place to go.
They are so good in helping you reach your fitness goals.
She's the best and she's also a very good personal trainer.
I like how ufc gym is a small personal gym that has a family feel to it.
This is the closest, newest major gym to asu.
Ellipticals and other cardio equipment are plentiful and modern.
I tried out a couple of gyms before i settled down here.
This was the cleanest gym i have been to of the group and the staff is always friendly.
There are more free weights here then pf, and the members are more diverse.
There are people working hard to lose weight, and people who are serious about weight lifting.
I have not tried personal training yet, it's not in the budget.
From what i can see, the trainers are excellent.
The trainers are also very knowledgable.
But it truly reflects on just how awesome this gym is.
I've always been in ballet, gymnastics, running and yoga.
And it's not just lifting weights.. it's pull ups, sit ups, jump ropes, stretching, etc..etc..
Oh, and the gym is a gym.
Eos fitness has met those expectations.
This location is very spacious with plenty of new equipment and free weights.
The entire gym is clean, and the locker room is one of the nicest that i have seen.
Another plus for those who get bored easily when doing cardio: they have a theater room with cardio machines.
This location is good for people at all fitness levels.
My main favorite feature of this gym is the specialized childcare.
Now the entire family trains at this gym.
And the best thing about this gym is that, everyone is family.
It has a women's gym.
Idk about you but i only wanted a trainer.
I was having the hardest time getting my necessary cardio in.
Such great workouts and all the trainers are extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
Except for predictable peak times, the main gym is never too crowded.
My husband and i joined 24 hour fitness in mesa online prior to its opening.
They have tons of cardio equipment.
There is a nice area for stretching that has some free weights, exercise balls, bands, etc.
My favorite part about the gym is their classes.
Every week, i take a strength training class on mondays, strength & endurance class on wednesdays, and spinning on fridays.
I think this gym has spoiled me because if we ever move out of state, no gym will ever compare!
What a great training facility.
This gym is good if your interested in weights only; no aerobic classes, etc.
The owner is so concerned with saving money on the electric bill that the gym is too hot.
If he isn't at the gym, it is much hotter than his preferred 69 degrees.
For being a new gym, some of the equipment needs maintenance.
While the owner is cleaning the gym often, he is not maintaining the equipment.
Unkept equipment and hot temperature doesn't make for a great or even good gym.
This gym has been sold to a new owner who is awesome.
The new owner interacts with the gym members and listens to their concerns.
This gym has everything a person needs from basic weight training to classes and cardio....and the temperature is awesome!
James and tim are world class trainers.
There are private 1 on 1 sessions, group training, and boxing boot camp classes.
It's very simple......   do you want the best jiu jitsu training from a legitimate world champion ?
Very clean gym with lots of equipment!
The environment is great and the trainers are awesome.
Also i love that the classes are great for anybody no matter what your fitness level is.
Definitely my favorite gym i have ever been to and i love the results i'm seeing!
This is a decent gym, the location is great for me, a short jog or walk from my home.
We recently attended a birthday party at my gym and we were blown away!
This gym great !!
This gym is very affordable and and never crowded.
Best gym in the valley!
Super clean, awesome staff, best trainers i have met.
I highly recommended this to anyone who is looking for a workout with a trainer!
This place makes it feel like a home gym away from home(but with more people and exercise machines!!)
Cool gym, great people, and i look forward to dropping in again soon.
I hated going to the gym, and could barely get myself to go until i found luna fitness.
The thing about luna is, it's not just a gym.
Luna fitness gave me my life back that was slowing sinking away in unhealthy living.
This gym definitely has great coaches and front staff.
Have been going to this gym for a couple of months now.
Other than that, the gym has a lot of great new equipment.
The people who go to the gym are younger but very respectful and nice.
The class was held in the gymnasium.
They offering plenty of parking, swimming pool, weight/cardio room, and gymnasium.
I had the most excellent experience at this gym, from beginning to end.
I know this gym has the most visitors in las vegas so they should be stocked with shirts for sure!
This gym is fantastic.
This gym is absolutely beautiful!!
Started my fitness journey 2 months ago.
Not planning on being a fitness model, but am feeling so much better and stronger overall!
So glad i did the personal training and even happier that jordan is the one!
I moved from california in may of 2015 and wanted to find a good place to train.
I had visited a few other local gyms to see which one fit my particular needs.
My experience had been that the larger, more commercial gyms just want the money and don't appreciate the sport.
I tend to like smaller to mid-sized gyms that primarily focus on bjj and have stability with the coaching.
If you really love bjj and want a great place to train you should come to carlos.
There are three classes offered: weightlifting, cardio kickboxing, & fit (which is similar to circuit training).
The gym members love to complete obstacle course races, such as the spartan races, badass dash, and tough mudder.
Overall, this gym has revolutionized my health and my approach to being healthy.
I love the training room!
After training with mike for a few months, i feel and look better than i have in years.
This planet fitness seems a little smaller than some but i like the feel of it.
The trainers are informative, encouraging, and they make each class fun!
The trainers remember us have been keeping track of our progress since we first started.
This gym is for people who are committed, willing, and passionate about getting fit the right way.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone.
I always feel intimidated going to the big gym but small group session lead by jeff is a pure joy.
The trainer is very knowledgeable and you can ask him anything, you always get great answers.
I have been with jeff the trainer for more that 2 years, attended his boot camps and his previous gym.
Great place way better than 24 hour fitness.
I like to call ltf "globo gym" from the movie dodgeball.
I've made some great friends there and they have absolutely everything you could need at a gym and more.
I have been going to this planet fitness for a month or two.
There are a ton of machines and the only area that gets busy is weight lifting area.
I go at off times so the gym is pretty open.
The staff is friendly and pleasant but i never expect much as far as training or guidance from pf staff.
It is a huge facility and a ton of equipment, a pretty large feee weight area and a pool.
Queue the movie dodgeball, and ben stiller at globo gym.
Crossfit incendia is the most amazing gym i have ever been to.
The gym itself is perfect, it has everything for beginners, intermediate, and advanced athletes.
The gym is huge and completely fitted not to mention super clean.
Dtp is an excellent crossfit gym for people of all fitness levels.
I have been a member of multiple crossfit gyms in the valley.
I drive past many other crossfit gyms every day to go to dtp, because it is worth it.
Thank you to all of the trainers who motaivted me to stay focus on my goal!
I love the vibe of the gym ...
Perfect size inside out ... has all i need from tires to boxing to weights!
Trainers are great and members are cool.
Gym graffiti on point and motivating.
By far this low key gym is on point for me.
Gym in this particular location may be rather small but clean and new.
Overall, this gym is better than other for-profit privately owned gyms, considering the facility, equipment, classes, and the cost.
I lost 20 lbs and i gained a whole new outlook on fitness.
And, it has all of the standard gym equipment i expect in a gym.
Lets just start by saying i am very glad i made the transition to 24 hour fitness.
24 hour fitness staff is constantly making sure the place is looking clean and organized.
This is a very nice gym and i am glad i left la fitness for this place.
I'm really enjoying this gym.
As an overweight person the gym can be intimidating.
The cardio cinema room is really great!
My trainer, chris r. is fabulous!
This rock gym is located in tempe close to the young college community of asu.
First off this is a gym you work out you do what you came to do and you leave!
In almost all aspects i never had a problem with this gym.
I haven't used the trainer, massage or tanning facilities so i can't speak on those.
Overall the gym is just like any other basic gym, you as the adult guest need to be responsible.
Don't bring anything valuable that could get broken, lost, stolen in the gym (i.e.
Youfit is a good size gym with plenty of workout equipment and treadmill.
There isn't a lunk alarm or anyone telling you not to grunt like some gyms lol.
I really wish this gym was open 24 hours since i work nights.
This is my favorite gym ever!!
I feel like the gym and locker room are always clean and well maintained.
I've joined or visited most all of the gyms in the area here, each having their individual perks.
I've been to many gyms throughout the country, and i've worked at a few as well.
The price is fair compared to what else i've paid in the past at other gyms.
Very clean gym and pool areas all they need is an outdoor pool...
I came to the ufc gym by way of one of the yelp fit club events that were available.
Walking in, the ufc is a fairly large sized gym.
There is a boxing ring for sparring, a group of punching bags, and an area to train in grappling.
There is also an area for some weight training and cardio machines.
The event gave us a chance to try out their kickboxing cardio class.
You work your own pace and try to keep up with the true fitness rock stars.
There are two classes -- pick either sweat (for cardio) or strength (for- duh!).
No matter the skill or fitness level, everyone seems to want others to succeed.
I am achieving gains in fitness i ahve dreamed of for decades!
We got a great deal on personal training, from the owner no less!
What started out as a one hour workout quickly expanded into about 1.5 hours of cardio, strength, and boxing conditioning.
I love this gym!!
Lvac is a great gym and more catered to the las vegas locals.
Competitive pricing and promotions keep lvac affordable but quality not lost and rivaled to national gym chains.
This particular location is one of of the cleanest well kept snd larger gym.
I've been a member of this cf gym since feb. 2013.
I love this gym!
Amazing gym with a friendly atmosphere, perfect for all skill levels.
Def there at least 3x week plus cab always use gym facilities.
The protein shakes are amazing  ... they have great equipment and amazing trainers.
Dan is the best trainer and he is also a nutritionist.
Class fitness is awesome!
They also offer cardio kickboxing, belly dancing, african drums (?
They also have a small gym as well in case you don't feel like taking any classes.
Orange theory is a great workout for any fitness level.
I've never had the same class twice- each day is different which is unlike many other fitness classes.
The trainers are all knowledgeable and teach you how to get the most out of every workout.
This is a amazing gym.
I highly recommend this gym to any one who wants a amazing friendly atmosphere for a gym.
I've belonged to many gyms over the past 20 years, and this one is by far the best!
This gym is very convenient for us and is always open.
We have been training with cathy huggins, a great master trainer who understands your need and desires.
She has a vast repertoire of training experiences and techniques.
I recommend both this gym and cathy very highly!!
Went to this gym for a year when i lived in mesa and i never had a problem with it.
The trainers are amazing and play awesome music!
Jeff gives the gym a festive decor depending on what time of the year it is.
This ufc gym makes working out fun.
I recommend this gym to all new members looking for a  great workout.
All the trainer's are extremely friendly, knowledgeable and motivating.
After years of playing team sports it felt great to train and interact in a group setting again.
Awesome place to have some fun while getting in your daily cardio workout!
I love this gym!
Has a great vibe, great trainers, and the classes are intense.
Best gym in town, hands down!
So, if you are claustrophobic do not visit this gym...go to another location, as this is a great chain.
Members like this...all the trainers are very educated.
I discovered reformed almost 2 years ago when i was overweight and out of shape.
The gym itself is wonderful.
***update*** i recently returned to this gym(the other one closed).
Cardio equipment has been replaced .
I love that 9round provides a personalized workout experience with trainers who push each member to maximize their individual potential.
Got a lot of great workouts in with a lot of great trainers and the results were something serious.
I love luna fitness!
I've been a patron of luna fitness for almost 2 years now and they do not disappoint.
All of the trainers are very experienced and helpful.
I highly recommend this gym for anyone looking for an upbeat, encouraging atmosphere.
I cant review the actual gym (canyon meadows, mckenzie) but i am doing my review on the classes ive taken.
Out of all the gyms ive been to, the classes offered at the good life fitness gyms are the best.
I did the six week challenge at the ufc gym on blue diamond.
I can't not say enough good things about lifetime this place is what every gym should be.
Its funny (and sad) looking back at my old gym routine after starting here.
Sicfit scottsdale really changed my perspective oh fitness and what it means to live a healthy life.
The gym is extremely spacious.
The gym membership is somewhat high here but there are no contracts to sign.
- the workouts are tremendous; cardio kickboxing kicks ass.
Plus with the deal i got i get my own personal trainer too.
Ufc gym las vegas is a great place to train and workout for anyone of all fitness levels.
Hey also offer personal training that is worth it.
Trainer carlos pinto gives great work outs and genuinely cares about you reaching a goal.
Also for classes trainer olu gives you great workout for your body and keeps you motivated for boxing and kickboxing.
Youfit is great if you are just looking for a small gym to join..
This is such a great fitness center!
This gym is great...
What sets this gym above the rest is the atmosphere.
All the gym staff and members are really supportive.
Everyone that's there wants to be there and to improve on their health & fitness.
This review is for the gym facility.
Otherwise i think it one of the best children's gym/play place we've been to.
One of the best gyms i've ever been.
Our trainer cathy has been super awesome.
Good gym, great staff.
You will get a great work out from great trainers.
I can get a cardio intense class one day and one focusing on technique the next.
I highly suggest this to anyone who wants to try something different and doesn't like the big gym scene.
Came into the gym today with my brother in law on my free vip 1 day pass.
Definitely recommend the gym to all the locals!
Not in the nicest area but a great gym, only thing missing is a track.
I wanted to get healthy, but find typical gyms overwhelming and intimidating.
Thank you class fitness...since i first stepped inside i felt at home.
Great gym maybe best ever.
I regularly go to andre's cardio funk on sunday--the music is good and the dance routines are easy to do.
They don't exactly disrupt my workout, but if i could chose to only have adults at the gym, i would.
This gym has state of the art equipment!
Love training with gabriel.
Very clean gym, nice atmosphere.
The customer service at this gym is unbelievably positive!
But this gym is mainly a top rope and sport climbing gym at its core.
The training room phx gets results - period.
If you show up with the will to work, the trainers at the training room phx will work you out.
The trainers push you to get the results you want and challenge you to go the extra mile.
Nothing will get you hooked on exercise like the training room phx!
Probably one of the best 24 hour fitness locations i have been to in a while.
I've had numerous memberships at different gyms.
It's not a super fancy gym, but i'm just going to workout  and the cost of membership is very affordable.
I've always had negative experiences with gyms when they push personal training.
My trainer, tetyana, makes sure i do the exercises correctly so i no longer have back pain after workouts.
I've trained with tetyana and caleb.
Most gyms have kid center hours only in the morning and evening.
This is not a fancy snooty rock gym, it's simple and to the point.
I don't understand why people seek fancy rock gyms...
It's a gym, it's purpose is to get you strong to be outdoors.
Great 24hr fitness and one of the better looking ones i've been too.
Its a great gym for a quick workout.
Overall i like this gym since its somewhat on my way from home.
I never have to wait to use any of the cardio or weight equipment.
The live hr monitor screen, trainers, fellow otfers - all motivate you to work hard and push yourself.
The women's gym is well-equipped, instructors are all great, and there are legions of cardio equipment.
They really take away any excuse one would have to not go to the gym!
Gm is taking a really good effort to clean up the gym.
They keep the gym nice and cool which makes a difference, especially in the summer time.
They have excellent barbells that spin well which is important for more experienced weightlifters.
Now as i rotate my gyms and fitness places, looks like im back to the top of the list.
I get it, your a 50% trainer 50% salesman, just a squirrel trying to get his monthly commission nut.
This is my favorite gym in town i have found.
The environment is great and the trainers are awesome.
F45 is the best training out there!!!
The trainers are informative, making sure you have proper technique and help push you to your limits.
The gym itself is clean and it's so easy to jump right in!
Sometimes i think they go to the gym just to showboat.
Other than that, this is my 'home' gym.
I've lost alot of weight coming here, and gaining it all back from all this food in lv.
Its time for me to lose weight again, and lvac is the place to do it.
They also offer classes in the fitness rooms.
Scheduled times are in the lvac magazine or posted on the glass window of the fitness room.
Ufc gym has literally changed my life.
I will forever love this gym.
Let this be said, i'm not a huge fitness person but orange theory is absolutely amazing.
You get the best of all worlds in one class.. cardio, weight lifting, and stretching.
They do activities on the side as well such as mini competitions, weight loss competitions, etc.
The trainers here i personally believe are amazing, each and every one.
After i came here for a tour i questioned my sanity when i had signed up for gold's gym.
Just joined 2 weeks ago and i can say this gym is pretty big has an upstairs and downstairs!
The trainers here are great and truly care about the community and fitness.
I go to this gym for the convenience since its right around the block from my home.
Its definitely a no-frills, gym of a gym.
Also class sizes tend to be smaller than other gyms which i really like!
Back when i just started working two jobs (full time and part time), i signed up with this ufc gym.
Unfortunately, he is no longer with the ufc gym.
The only problem i really had when i went there was the times of the gym.
I met tom a few years ago while he was coaching at another local crossfit gym.
I spent some time researching training options and local triathlon coaches and looped tom in from the beginning.
Ultimately, tom offered to coach me through my training and i signed on as crossfit dtp's first remote coaching client.
He was as invested in my goal as i was from week one of training through week 42.
Another key aspect of a gym is the community that is built there.
The weight area is upstairs and the cardio stations are downstairs on the main floor.
Best corssfit gym in the area.
Plus the people here are all fantastic and supportive no matter what you fitness level is.
Matt will work with you to learn what your fitness goals are and how to reach them.
He does a great job programming work out that build on olympic lifts, conditioning and gymnastic skills.
The kids went in the childcare area for an hour while i did cardio.
This is the best gym i've been too.
I'd recommend this gym
The trainers and front desk staff make this an enjoyable place to come and workout.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to change up their fitness routine
I highly recommend this gym to motivate you and to keep you going towards to your goal.
No personal trainers walking about helping members?
Maybe it's a new asian way of loosing weight?
Like everyone mentioned in previous reviews, there are 2 types of classes: sweat (cardio) and strength.
Nikki our instructor/owner is a nike master trainer and was women's health magazines next fitness star!
I would have continued going to this gym, but i'm moving back to chicago.
Its a nice gym.
There are plenty of cardio machines and lots of room for weight lifting.
Hands down the best workout and gym in scottsdale.
Great studios, free weights, machines, treadmills, ellipticals, etc.
The equipment at the gym is well kept and is usually repaired quickly when required.
There's a wide variety of cardio machinery with many theater options.
This is not your ordinary fitness facility but an extraordinary exercise experience.
I love this gym and all the coaches.
I very rarely see trash or weights thrown around.
It is not too busy at the times i go, so i am never really waiting for weights or machines.
They also house fasi, which was my muay thai gym.
I should sign up again and lose the weight i've put on since we took a "break" lol.
Also a very nice gym i would recommend checking out.
Various machines for legs as well as upper body and plenty cardio machines as well.
As far as chain gyms go, this is pretty good.
There is an abundance of cardio machines, and always a lot of treadmills and ellipticals open.
The gym is small and so are the classes but it is more personal which i really like.
By far the best crossfit gym in vegas!
Both of the owners work at the gym and run all of the classes.
Don't look any farther for a crossfit gym in vegas!
Class fitness is incredible!
I always leave class fitness sweating with a smile on my face!
If you're looking for a local gym with a "family" type of vibe, come try class fitness!!!
I've been going to fitness works for almost 10 years, both the gilbert & chandler locations.
There have been hiccups here & there, but nothing different than other gyms.
I can't speak to the sauna, steam or pool, but the rest of the gym is in decent shape.
If you like classes, this is the gym for you!
Weight lifting, yoga, insanity, spin, on & on.
This is also a regular persons gym, you won't feel intimidated.
I also do the small personal training classes which are extra, but still reasonably priced.
All gyms smell like sweat, but this is the freshest i've been in.
It's a large area that is just as big as some gyms are in there whole entirety (square footage wise).
This place is awsome everyday is different, the trainer are amazing the push you to your very best.
Good well balanced gym.
For what you need from a gym, this place has everything but a basketball court.
Love the workouts, trainers, music and energy!
However, all of the trainers are rock stars
The trainers here are absolutely amazing.
Going to any gym can be intimidating, but not this one.
The coaches truly care about you and your fitness journey.
Hope to eventually reach my fitness goals, and it helps that this location is 24 hours on the weekdays.
One of the best gyms in champaign.
Weight room staff even offer to help you lift or give you a form check.
For specifics: the weight room is decent and has two squat racks.
It's a new year and i was looking to join a gym.
This gym is different because they don't do the hard-sell like they are selling you a used car.
I had my first training session with bryan, and it won't be my last.
Yeah i'm sore, but me and my body couldn't have asked for a better trainer.
While there  are 2 gyms much closer to my house, this place is worth the drive.
If you or anyone needs a trainer, ask for bryan.
It makes me happy i chose 24 hour fitness and this location in particular.
La fitness signature's classes are pretty good for the most part.
Otherwise, the gym is presentable and there is a towel service that is great.
I workout with an amazing trainer audrey and sometimes with another, willie.
Everyone i have encountered at the gym is polite and non judgmental including the employees.
This gym can get crowded when the afternoon / evening crowd arrives (5pm - 7pm).
Brand new gym at silver star blvd and steeles where the staples used to be.
Best gym i've been a member at so far!
This is a great no frills, basic gym with fantastic classes.
I don't feel like people are there to show off, but to actually work out unlike some gyms.
The phoenix rock gym, located near the asu campus in tempe, is a climber's paradise.
After that, the gym is open to you!
Intermediate/advanced: this gym has 56 top ropes from levels 5.6 all the way to 5.14+.
You'll see all your favorite obstacles with overhangs, cracks, slants, and most people in the gym are fellow enthusiasts.
There are also ropes to climb (like in elementary school gym class) if you want to take on that challenge!
The owner/trainer, michael, is very patient for first-timers and a great teacher.
A lot of emphasis is put on correct form and safety, which is different from some other crossfit gyms.
Just signed up for a $100 membership and the gym has met my expectations.
Lots of machines and free weights.
I would recommend this gym to a person who doesn't need all the extra useless stuff (like pool/rock-climbing walls/basketball court/etc).
Classes are split between cardio and strength.
They have weighted balls to add difficulty and you can always jump harder or quicker to intensify the workout.
Highly recommend for new comers and life long gym goers.
I'm looking forward to coming back during triathlon training and in the summer!
Large assortment of weightlifting machines and free weights  4.
It really is a boutique fitness facility.
You won't confuse pinnacle with gold's gym.
Personal training is available at reasonable rates.
I love this planet fitness location!
They have the perfect amount of cardio machines.
I highly recommend burn total body, the legree method of exercise and their training.
I love this gym!
Been a member of a few other gyms and i never felt like "home".
Coach denis motivated me to get back in the gym!
So glad coach denis is back in the gym!
If you come to this gym, you have to take his classes.
Very well equipped for a small-ish gym.
It has a pool, and full arsenal of fitness classes including hot yoga (if you're into yoga).
Gyms smell in the evening and this one is no different.
The staff and trainers there seem nice and knowledgable.
Love the cleanliness of entire gym.
Very knowledgeable trainers with excellent conditioning programs ranging from kickboxing to circuit training/lifting.
They are open 24 hours, lots of classes, lots of cardio equipment.
I think the concept of a woman's gym is awesome and i love using it!
After reviewing every gym i could near me, i chose youfit (cheap, open reasonably late, 5 minutes from home).
Clean, large, reasonably quiet, a great array of machines and free weights, and no meatheads in sight!
The circuit thingy is great, too -- weight and cardio training in 30 minutes.
The gym does offer personal trainers, but it will cost you (enrollment fee and a monthly fee).
Then again, that's the same at every gym i've seen in the valley.
My trainer, channing, is a good guy personally and very good at what he does.
With a great outdoor area for walking, they've got a large indoor track with weights and cardio at either end.
We absolutely had great time at little gym in shaker heights.
Best gym i've ever been to and i've worked at various gyms and been a gym rat for 27 years!
Since starting, crossfit has shattered my concept of training and fitness in an incredibly positive way.
When was the last time you went to dinner with friends you met at the gym?
Or maybe the cake is fitness...
If i could go back to this gym, i would in a heartbeat.
Being the mayor of this gym on (gasp) foursquare, i think i can safely vouch for this place.
Few things to note:  cardio--machines are all in great shape.
Weights--phenom selection of cable machines, freeweights and even the amateur air pressure machines.
I've never seen a gym's bathroom as clean as my own.
Get your butt off the couch and get to the gym this place rocks.
I recently came to tempe and was looking for a gym online and was contacted by greg oryan.
I love the gym and the great equipment.
I highly recommend greg and eos gym in tempe
Born and raised in las vegas, i have been to a lot of gyms over the years.
There are nicer gyms in town, but for the money lvac is my choice in vegas.
I trained with kayla, who is awesome as a personal trainer and pilates instructor.
This place is more like a country club with a gym than strictly just a gym.
There is a huge cardio section if that's your thing tho!
If you join a gym, you want a place that you will enjoy going to or you won't go!
Indoor track, juice bar, personal trainers, swimming pool, and just about anything else you need to exercise.
What i really enjoy about this gym is the design and layout of it.
It just looks better and more up to date than the other gyms i've been to.
This crossfit gym rocks!!!!
This gym exceeds your expectations on all levels...it's an upscale crossfit gym, friendly staff, and has awesome trainers.
Everyone from the reps to the trainers they're all amazing.
Matt is very knowledgeable and experienced in helping you achieve your fitness goals.
I highly recommend body solutions if you want to take your fitness & nutrition to another level!
Great gym for sure.
First of all, it's very clean gym which is very important for me.
I used to do some cardio in the lady's room.
The gym also has room for playing basketball and rooms for big tennis.
The place is clean enough, although like all rock gyms i'm sure, it smells like boy sweat and exercise.
Ufc gym is awesome!
I love this gym so much.
Good cheap gym to get in a workout.
I can't comment on the personal trainers since i haven't used that service.
Far too many cardio machines on the floor though...they could use the space for more racks, and weights.
I have more than thirty nine years of gym patronage and eos is a great value for the money.
Finally found a competent trainer with proper training and education to be able to meet my needs - jared.
I like the gym.
The fitness classes are great.
When my kids were younger, i literally took to my gym - and stuck them in the daycare.
But there were two problems: 1) i was stuck at the gym.
Not only are you paying for gym class, you are paying for freedom.
Classes are only one of offerings provided by mygym.
I guess the most important thing to note is that the kids really enjoy the gym.
I wish they had those things at my fitness gym.
Best gym in the area.
I love orange theory but it's nice to push weight too.
Gym is clean and everyone seems to do a good job of cleaning after themselves.
Definitely the best gym in the area
Ufc gym las vegas is awesome!
Thank you to the staff and trainers for their hard work and dedication to making people better
I've stuck to the cardio and weights on my own now because i like being on my own schedule.
There are tvs with almost every cardio machine with an overhead projection of the class currently in progress.
Oh, and they have the nicest bathroom/dressing room i've ever seen in a gym!
The people here are very nice and the personal trainers are fun and easy to get along with.
The gym itself is average, but my trainer cathy is the saving grace of this place.
Honestly i stay with la fitness because of her!
It, like many other gyms, gets crowded around 5 but still not as crowded as the harris or dowd.
Definitely recommend this gym.
Recommend you give this gym a try:)
New gm at this gym and she fixed all my problems within minutes of sending an email.
I will recommend this gym it's a nice atmosphere,  so glad it's under new leadership :)
If you're looking to build strength and want cardio check out yoga strong.
Hands down the best crossfit gym i've ever been to.
That's why the couches are very adamant about proper technique, form and the weight prescribed.
Personally i cant stand the normal routine of the gym.
Cory is a great guy and a great fitness instructor.
The gym has an intimate vibe and is full of positive energy.
I definitely recommend cory and core fitness!
It's clean, plenty of equipment and brand new, so it's a refreshing gym to be at.
****i'm not affiliated with this gym other than i'm a paying customer.
For the price and 24 hour access it beats la fitness and lifetime 100%
24 hour gym monday-friday and regular gym hours sat-sun.
I want to move to phoenix just to join this gym.
It's a small gym / atmosphere so it's really easy to meet people.
The outdoor pool is nice, but i've mainly used it as a gym.
The gym equipment is plentiful and well-maintained.
They also installed tvs on the cardio machines back before that was standard, which was a great improvement!
I achieved my weight loss goal and then some, dropping 22 lbs.
I have and will continue to refer friends to ufc gym.
3 minute fitness has been such a great experience for me.
I have been going to the big name brand gyms for 20 years.
I have been more than pleased...it's a class style setting that integrates weight training, hiit training, and functional movements.
In addition the trainers are awesome.
One of the best gyms i have ever had!
Is training with brenda easy?
Would i recommend her and focus on fitness?
I have been going to pinnacle fitness for a few months and i can not recommend these guys enough!
I started a fitness challenge several months ago and since then, i have seen a huge transformation.
It's my first gym membership and i was a little intimidated by the idea but everyone there is great.
I would definitely recommend this gym!
This is a great gym.
This is an amazing gym.
Easily he biggest cf gym ive ever been in.
The gym is always exceptionally clean and impeccably maintained.
The trainers, especially my personal favorite crystal, push and guide you through each exercise.
Great job planet fitness of gilbert az!
Gorgeous and clean gym with tons of amazing equipment and a layout that actually works with your workout!
Cardio funk with andre is fun.
Although with a big class in the gym, it is hard to hear some non-existent instructions.
The gym is open 7 days a week.
This gym is awesome!
The cardio cinema, outdoor workout area, 24 hour access and amazing staff makes it hard to pass up.
When she isn't there, the gym honestly does not feel the same.
Carlos is an amazing trainer and he really helped me and my boyfriend lose the weight we had to.
Overall, this gym is awesome.
Great selection of quality cardio equipment.
Age group 18 and up and members have solid gym etiquette; practically all weights are always in the right place.
Overall 4.5/5, very solid gym, extended hours would make it 5/5 for me.
By far the best overall gym in vegas.
I didn't know much about working out so i started with a trainer the same day i got my membership.
The next day rolled around & i met with my trainer for the first time.
After awhile she wasn't just my trainer, she was my friend.
You'll never walk into that gym & not feel welcomed.
It will forever be my home gym!
Everyone is friendly and welcoming and the training is always geared toward your skill level.
The camaraderie and family environment that allows me to train with my wife and daughters is so awesome.
Small gym but it has everything you need if you're looking for a serious workout.
The group fitness room is to die for...would love to have a room as such at my place!
Over the last month, things have improved immensely at the gym.
Hopefully things will continue to get better as i truly appreciate my ufc gym family.
This is such a fabulous gym, with such professional employees.
Also, the trainer britt, is very knowledgeable of the fittnes industry.
I can't say enough about this gym.
Just an all around fantastic gym!!!
Everyone is great fun to be around, the trainers are skilled and knowledgeable!!
I go to class in the morning and i lift weights a few hours later.
The weight room is nice.
Just make sure you clean the weights and barbell so there isn't any chalk on them when you're done.
The weight room is hardly ever crowded.
I signed up for a free 7 day guest pass and attended a body combat class at the warner/mcclintock gym.
The gym was very nice, great location for me and especially the availability of body combat classes.
Excellent trainers and great 30 minute workouts!
I trained here before my miss las vegas competition and it helped improve my overall physique.
More than a gym, feels like a family.
Phoenix rock gym is by far my favorite place to go indoor climbing.
Some would say that the gym looks old.
The gym portion is nice with a bunch of machines, a cycle room, and "dance" style studio.
It's great to do circuit training in there.
By far, the best gym in montreal.
The gym is very cleaned and the equipments are always well placed.
No gym of this caliber has ever offered that...or at least none that i have ever seen.
Well, it was the best decision i ever made in terms of joining a gym.
This gym has great friendly staff, very clean, and everything is maintained and upgraded.
Love, love this gym.
I didn't really have any complaints then but was afraid it would become a meathead ufc gym when they converted.
They're also very friendly and not stuck up like managers from cheaper gyms.
Even if you're just another baller on a budget, i highly suggest this gym.
Love alter ego, super awesome sound system, fantastic instructors, friendly place to get your fitness on!
I've had a few training sessions with chris standage and he's amazing.
The gym is huge.
I have always been intimidated to work out with a trainer.
I'm in my 50's and feel ridiculous and out of place in a big gym atmosphere.
Core fitness was recommended to me by a friend and i thought....okay, i'll check it out.
Cory, the owner is an amazing trainer!
I enjoy instructed training however i am not a big "yoga" person.
Lots of machines compare to other gym.
Only thing is, they do not have any fitness classes like any other fitness club does.
Its a huge 24hr fitness center with everything you need and more!
The training is great and the staff is really patient, especially for an uncoordinated person like myself.
Great gym for a great price!
This gym has everything i need for $10 a month!
Planet fitness doesn't have that, great value!
I'm really happy with this gym.
It gets busy on the cardio machines around  9am- 11am or between 5-7pm for those getting off work.
Gym is always clean bathrooms mostly empty and like everyone said 24 hour juice bar that can get pricey.
Pretty solid 24 hour fitness.
Typical of what you'd expect, including a decent variety of machines/weights/etc.
I am not a gym person.
I have never belonged to a gym.
I have probably not been in a gym since high school.
After an hour at the gym i emerge feeling fairly virtuous, which is worth the price of admission alone.
I hate exercise, and i particularly hate cardio.
Also, i find gyms to be quite intimidating.
So....i am 63, overweight, and have been intermittently physically active as an adult.
Their combined knowledge has taken me further than any other trainer i have hired in the past.
The air in the gym was stifling for someone not adapted to working out in that environment.
She accomplishes an unbelievable amount every day, but nothing ever weakens her contagious passion for fitness.
At class fitness i've found friendship, accountability, and new adventures!
The gym itself is huge.
The trainers, members; it's a great place to get away for 60 mins!
The fitness area is always clean.
They really have an amazing gym.
Update: i have to downgrade ufc already as i've just learned mychel is no longer a coach at the gym.
A full review of the gym will come later, when i'm officially done with my fitness challenge.
During my wod, i had an assistant trainer watch over me to ensure my form was good.
It was so comfortable to learn among the different experience and fitness levels in the class.
We really like this gym.
Love our trainer  (clay) we have been treated with nothing but respect.
Best gym around!beats the nat, tallmadge rec and fit works combined.
The trainers are amazing, patient and they always motivate you to do better.
I can't say enough about andre and britt, the trainer.
So thankful for planet fitness and their low rates!
Although this gym wasn't incredibly close to where i lived, it wasn't too far either.
After working out at la fitness for so long, i was definitely grateful for the change.
I knew i needed a gym while i was in vegas (all that food!
I ended up visiting the gym almost every single day after work.
At all - which is something la fitness is notorious for.
They do have a strict fitness policy (no grunting, no wearing certain types of clothes, etc.
Tl;dr - this planet fitness serves its function well.
This is my favorite gym in town.
The pricing model has an edge on other comparable gyms in the area (i.e.
Mountainside fitness, la fitness, etc.)
And the gym is 24/7.
Youfit is a good size gym with plenty of workout equipment and treadmill.
Blake a trainer there is totally known knowledgeable and super friendly, i certainly hope he stays at this gym.
There isn't a lunk alarm or anyone telling you not to grunt like some gyms lol.
I really wish this gym was open 24 hours since i work nights.
The only reason i am giving this gym 5 stars is because of the group fitness classes and instructors!!!
I owe my love of fitness to these ladies and i appreciate all of their hard work in class.
They offer classes as well as gym use.
I highly recommend this gym if you are seeking a healthier lifestyle.
This gym is the best!!!
Relaxed gym, very large location, with lots of machines.
Eddie ran the class, a cardio intense kickboxing course, very attentive and positive to all the members.
I love the positive energy at this gym!
Finally, the gym is great (quality equipment), the coaching was spot on (...
I am a huge fan of lifetime fitness in gilbert.
I started in aug with the mission of losing weight and getting back to my normal self.
Definitely check it out if you want to make changes to your health it is more than just a gym!
Olympia is simply the best weightlifting gym in az.
He understands olympic weightlifting from a coaching perspective as well as an athlete of the sport himself.
I have taken fitness classes at many local gyms and have been burned by one.
I've been an athlete at olympia weightlifting center and training under coach istvan dioszegi since april 2016.
Learn more here:   https://www.olympia-weightlifting.com/coach-istvan/  that's what's wonderful about olympia.
I enjoyed competing, but i didn't see myself becoming competitive in the sport of weightlifting.
Lastly, i wouldn't trade the atmosphere we have in this gym for anything.
The people you'll train with here become your family.
Come experience the olympia method for yourself - and feel the difference in your weightlifting!
The owner and trainers have so much great energy, are super knowledgable, and innovative with the workouts they offer.
There's a huge age range of the clientele here and everyone is at a different fitness level.
I've been to other locations and will say i liked the trainers here the best.
What makes this particular gym unique from the other 40+ in the las vegas area?
Not a lot of gyms offer this to members!
I've been going here a little over 3 weeks and hands down its the best gym ever.
The gym is always very clean, and organized.
It's never overcrowded in comparison to the bigger gyms in town such as lvac, and eos!
After countless hours of researching disciplines to restart my training, i found nothing completely excited me.
I was gently coerced into getting out of my comfort zone and into adding the core/strength fitness to my regimen.
With all of the training opportunities, i noticed my stamina and power quickly increased.
I took advantage of this training through a seminar.
I've been training with react since nov 2015 and can talk about my experience all day.
I appreciate how the trainers engage me in a variety of workouts.
The trainers keep things moving and keep me from dreading a workout.
I love a gym that not only is open 24/7 (even on holidays), but also holds classes during holidays!
What troopers these trainers are!
Update, forgot to mention, sarah is awesome as a trainer.
Richard and junmar run this gym because they love boxing and how it helps people.
Gym serves both fighters and people who just want to stay in shape.
Week 6 finally over and lost 24 lbs in final weight-in!!
The trainers are very helpful and educated in what you need to reach your goals!
I'm very new to the gym scene and don't like all the people looking for hookups.
This gym is exactly what i was looking for.
This is a full service gym and community center with all kinds of programs to serve individuals and families.
Eos is a great beginner gym.
It is kinda of small in comparison to to her gyms but it is great for the price.
It a great gym for lifting weights, doing cardio and using a good set of machines.
I know as a coach here i would have people assume i would give the gym 5 stars.
One of my favorite gyms to just get a workout and go.
I'm down weight and have never felt better, same goes for my finance.
I didn't just join a gym, i found a great community to help me on my fitness journey.
This is my gym...
This is my favorite gym....
You can pay extra for personal training.
Extra for less people at the gym.
When did it become cool to go to a boxing gym with an espresso bar?
This gym is fantastic and i have been greeted with a smile since i moved here.
These are full body workouts- cardio, upper and lower body strengthening, and abs.
For a gym being 24 hours, it sure beats 24 hour fitness.
Might be because less people use this gym compared to the gyms i've been to.
I travel quite a bit and thankfully planet fitness is all over the country.
They have good, solid weights and machines.
The weights are accurate and everything is maintained well.
The gym is clean, weights are generally in the right area and not all over the floor.
I can't say this is the best gym anymore, just one i like.
We were regulars at a big box gym named after a california city.
I switched to eos from la fitness because of a bad experience i had there with the pt.
The gym is a good size with all the machines and weights you need.
At that point, i started a new, but less aggressive fitness regimine.
That all but ended my fitness routine.
I train with artur at least 3 days a week and am proud to say i am his oldest client!
Anyone looking for a great boxing gym, need look no further than camelback boxing gym and artur petrosyan!!!!
A great boxing trainer and a wonderful guy.
Clean, good size fully equipped gym.
A great lifters gym, but also a great community of all ages from silver sneakers to ifbb pros.
Family owned gym, friendly staff.
Great group fitness classes taught by skilled instructors and many to choose from.
2/ lots of equipment (if you don't compare goodlife or some expensive gyms) you can name of.
Treadmills, ellipticals, stairmasters, abcoasters, weights, purple color gym mats.
(this gym is not for you if you only want to park your vehicle underground).
6/ free pf gym t-shirts.
Plus, the gym just removed dispensers for all showers.
Http://www.planetfitness.com/pepf to me, no complaint this gym has no classes due to an affordable price.
This gym is one of the best aspects of living in this valley!
There's everything we need ... pool, hot tub, tons of classes to choose from, modern weight machines, friendly staff, etc.
I like that it's not just a gym, it's a big part of the community.
Love this gym and the coaches and staff!
Both of my kids love going to the gym and have grown so much as athletes in the past year.
We wouldn't take them to any other gym!
Today was the first time i ever went to a rock climbing gym.
The trainers keep me motivated and the 3 minute rounds make it easier to make it through.
Check it out if you don't want to join a gym and pay 12 months membership.
Great price, great equipment, attitude-free, no nonsense gym.
Membership is decent priced and the trainers and good for what i use them for.
My husband was so impressed that he decided that core fitness would be a good place for him too.
I have paige as my personal trainer and i love her to death!
Thank you to all the trainers for being so supportive and motivating, you guys are awesome.
This place is a lot nicer than i expected it to be - being that this is an older gym.
Still nicer than most 24 hour fitness in the valley!!
I've only used the cardio and weight sections, so i can't comment on the pool and spa area.
I've never been happier at a gym.
I feel like the other gym members are very friendly, the entire gym has an accommodating laid back atmosphere.
Even when the gym is busy it does not feel crowded.
The setting is personal without the crowds of a larger gym.
The challenge goal depends on your fitness level.
And if you're very thin, then the goal may be to actually gain weight/muscle mass.
(if you miss your goal, they will apply the deposit to future gym membership.)
Gym mgmt:  i'll be honest - gym management is a little scattered.
Classes: there are several trainers and lots of different classes, so there's something for everyone.
The challenge re-instilled some good habits and has me excited to continue on my fitness journey.
I met with alex, a personal trainer at core.
5 star and thanks core fitness.
I am obsessed with this gym.
He was also our trainer for the class.
Vili was a great trainer and coached me one on one when he had the chance.
Go to sa gym, learn to do t in a controlled enviorment, and then you can try it alone.
I have never really been one for gym cafes but the one here is actually pretty good.
The monthly cost is higher than other gyms, but you get so much more included.
Because everything is included, i have found myself spending more time at the gym.
Sure, this gym costs more, but that shouldn't matter if you get results.
I think this gym is really overrated, but they do get their business.
I'm only enrolled into this gym since many of my workout buddies were so already.
Plus the drive all the way to the base gym sometimes isn't worth it.
Tons of personal trainers are offered to help you reach your personal goals.
Don't call me a germaphobe, but i rather not waste time recovering from an illness picked up at the gym.
I have a love / hate relationship with gyms.
Makes it a little easier to keep up on going to the gym!
The gym recently moved to a bigger space and they added a lot more equipment.
They really do have everything you need as far as machines, free weights, and even classes.
I come from going to another gym that had 3 times more spray bottles for cleaning, and signs everywhere.
Aside from that i do love this gym!
Jordan pero is my personal trainer and he is awesome!
For everything this gym location has to offer i think it is great and especially walking distance  from my home.
Bjj was awesome, they gave me the option to train with/without my gi.
I predict that as this gym matures more, there will be more advanced classes.
They have a great set of instructors, so far i've trained with aaron and tim.
Just joined this gym the past week and so far it has been great!
Love how the gym is set up!
Thanks team eos for creating a perfect all around gym!
Great amenities, lots of options, but staff can be pushy about personal training.
Stashed away in the corner of the gym is a pair of racquet ball courts available for premier members.
The second floor is home to yet another gaggle of cardio machines, cabled machines and your track.
Failure to pay your gym dues may affect your credit.
I've been attending this gym for over a year now.
I definitely like the results im getting now more than i did when i was just doing cardio.
Cool gym with plenty of equipment, machines, and amenities.
About 4 months after my back surgery, i began to take serious the idea of going to the gym.
One time, i briefly looked into the cost of attending a crossfit gym.
Compared to my local gym membership ($22/month), it was considerably more expensive, and so i quickly dismissed it.
The variety and potential for variety keeps it fresh and works on all aspects of fitness.
By this time, you've been through the work you might do at an average gym.
The best fitness classes in town!
Get in for 1 hr., burn 700+ cal, easy, plus weights and tons of cardio machines.
Well run, strong an motivated trainers, no pressure, easy, clean, friendly environment.
The friendly environment cannot be matched by any other gym (i have tried cross fit while training here).
Since joining i have utilized the personal trainers, weight equipment, aquatic programs, bathing facilities, and cafe products.
Whether from workout partners to group fitness opportunities there is someone that shares the same goals as you.
This gym is not like a lot of the other fitness studios in town.
I enjoy the variety of classes, from weights and cardio to yoga and battleropes, so you never get bored.
Great gym even  greater members!
After moving from texas where my crossfit/weight loss journey began.
Everything i've been looking for in a gym.
I've been a member of both la fitness and lifetime fitness and eos hasn't disappointed yet.
They have plenty of cardio machines.
What i love about this gym is the staff is friendly.
There aren't people standing around hanging out like at la fitness.
Overall a very clean gym, variety of amenities and classes are really simple to follow.
I highly recommended this gym to all my friends and family.
I recommend this gym to anyone who wants to better themselves and meet some awesome people along the way!
Overall i've seen a pretty drastic improvement in the gym over the last year.
I haven't been to 24 hour fitness or anywhere else, but i doubt you would get a better deal.
You have a downstairs area which has free weights and machines and then another area for cardio machines.
Then the upstairs has a two lane track and another weight machine area and more cardio machines.
Larger than my home gym, lots more equipment.
This place is a lot nicer than i expected it to be in an older gym.
Still nicer than most 24 hour fitness in the valley!!
Beautiful gym right next to harborfront.
I joined at open gym time and there were lots of equipment available to me.
It's everything i want in a gym.
They have a theater room that lets you do cardio while watching movies, a small pool, a sauna, et cetera.
Another thing i dislike is that it's pretty warm and stuffy in the gym.
Clean well equipped gym.
After being out of the gym for 2 years, this was exactly what i was looking for.
Very nice gym with very  friendly staff.
Has everything you need for whatever your fitness goals are.
It can get crowded at times but the sauna and free weight area are usually pretty open.
You can really tell that she has a passion for fitness and cares for her customers.
A big shout out to the ufc gym for the 6 week challenge.
I the gym is awesome and the classes are ass kickin !
This is honestly the best gym i've ever been to.
What truly makes this gym stand out is the friendly service from all the staff.
This gym gives you a resort feeling.
Class fitness is awesome!!!
My friend and i decided to join together and absolutely love the gym!
They had spin classes at my employers fitness center.
This is a decent sized newer gym that is locally owned and operated.
If you need a personal trainer to get your workouts on track they got you covered there too.
This is my first month at the gym but i'm liking it a lot.
The trainers are amazing and i've made some awesome friendships here.
I like the motivation, coaching and the balance of cardio and strength training with different workouts.
We have been my gym members at the district for over 4 years and jeremy is the best!
I've tried many different clubs/classes/sports and my gym is consistently better for the quality of instruction & fun.
My boys never nap and they leave my gym tired.
There is not a better way than going to the ufc gym!
I would highly recommend this gym!
I highly recommend core fitness!
Here they offer group classes (yoga, burn, boot camp, alpha, core...etc), weight loss and nutrition programs and personal training.
Andrew, rod and seth are personal trainers there and also offer group classes.
I know can clean my bodyweight, deadlift twice my weight and know the difference between a fs, bs etc etc.
These include 24hr fitness, nysc and gold's gym.
Amazing mix of classes and the trainers do a great job motivating.
I absolutely love this gym, the people is very friendly and the machines are amazing.
I was looking for a gym to join.
When i learned how family oriented the ymca gyms incorporated children's programs i was sold.
I've never when to a gym where social events were offered.
Great 24 hr gym!
Chinguacousy wellness centre is a great gym.
I really like the gym.
The areas you can use the mats and balls are located in the 2 corners of the gym.
The actual gym classes are legit.
The classes have a lot of versatility and the trainers are really motivating.
I enjoyed everyone that i trained with and each trainer tried to stop by and give you tips and tricks.
The workout area has pretty good equipment, free weights are alright.
Most of the equipment works and the gym lockers are pretty nice too.
We were at first hesitant in joining a crossfit gym.
This is a great, great planet fitness.
I haven't been to other's in town, but i've been to several planet fitnesses in southern california.
This decatur and planet fitness is by far the best!
The black card area is peaceful and nicely separated the rest of the gym.
I can't say enough good things about planet fitness.
It feels like a really nice gym, despite being a planet fitness.
I've been coming to this gym for almost 3 years.
Changed from la boxing to ufc gym.
The trainers are great!
Trx training begins next week.
I am a 57 year-old female and am in my 15th year with this training.
If you seek world class training to be able to protect yourself and loved ones, you won't find anything better.
It is a lot like having a personal trainer in a group environment.
They also provide lots of help/knowledge with wellness, fitness, and nutrition for a balanced life approach.
I have been to so many different boxing gyms and this is hands down the best one !!
I highly recommend anyone who lives in this area , get a membership at this gym asap !!
I bought a groupon to bodi by chance and found this gem of a gym powered by nikki.
Not the best planet fitness but certainly they upgraded quite a bit.
I highly recommend everyone to come check out eos fitness in tempe!
I love the cardio cinema room for those dreaded cardio portions of my workouts.
If you have ever considered personal training, i highly recommend giving it a try here.
They did a great job of matching me with a personal trainer.
Britt the trainer is also the best trainer i've dealt with.
The trainers are great... katye and jus are the best!!
Great gym and  classes, equipment !
Biggest gym of all the lvac.
Bigger than 24 hour fitness .
If you don't follow the meal plan, you would be jeopardizing your progress in loosing weight.
Even if you're an overweight, out-of-shape, never-boxed-before schlub like me, you can find a class you will enjoy.
The gym facilities are clean and simple: some weights, a couple of machines, but mostly just boxing bags.
I've been going to luna fitness since january 2011.
I started out with personal training until i felt comfortable on my own.
Had the pleasure of training the last time i was in vegas for work.
Otherwise people have flocked in for the fitness class and change rooms can be very busy.
Personal trainers- there are alot of them.
One approached me for a fitness test, a fitness check up.. i accepted, but the prices are insane.
So i like going to this gym- bottom line.
I really like the gym although i believe it is one of the more expensive ones around.
It's been a long time since i've gone to f45 because i've been hitting the normal gym.
I workout everyday, mostly lifting weights, so i needed a push in my metabolism and cardivascular system.
Everyone there (trainers and clients) are nice and it feels like a family.
This gym has everything including hoist machines, which should be mandatory at all 24hr gyms.
Plenty of cardio machines as well overlooking the gardens.
The gym has a ton of equipment all in good shape.
I would highly recommend this gym, and would definitely be a member if i lived here.
I've been going to blast gym for over 2 years.
Its not the best gym but for the price i pay monthly its really good.
I recently started a two-year membership at anytime fitness on clifton and enjoyed my first session there.
The gym is clean, spacious, and the staff member who helped me was helpful and generous.
I like most that the gym is open 24/7.
Great box with an awesome community full of different fitness levels.
@poundgyms is a serious boxing and training environment for those determined to be the best version of themselves .
Lol  enjoy all of this without the stinky locker room smells and grime of other boxing gyms i've trained at.
Otherwise i think it one of the best children's gym/play place we've been to.
Personal training experience - nathen is fantastic.
Best trainer at ymca.
Request to management : please do add him him to the trainer board.
I just wish the members would re rack their weights after use.
We have continued to go to blast fitness in mesa for over a year now.
We love the personal training!
In my opinion, this is much better than a planet fitness.
Same price with a much better selection of machines, free weights, and dumbbells.
There is a nice cardio studio where you can watch movies or tv while using the machines.
Cardio studio and child care as well.
Nice gym... 24 hours... great place for kids too.
This gym is packed!
I always found it funny when people complain about parking far away to get to the gym.
The gym itself is on the older side.
They have multiple areas for cardio and weights.
They do have some nice fitness rooms.
It is extremely clean in this gym.
I've trained with many private personal fitness trainers in the past, and was often left disappointed and frustrated.
Core fitness is definitely a very different atmosphere that made me enjoy working out.
My trainer (spencer) is a very patient and kind man.
Core fitness is a great place to train and improve your life.
Calm and welcoming environment and the most knowledgeable trainers with very clean and state of the art machines.
He and his team are fully vested in making your health/fitness, nutrition and workout experiences, the best they can be.
Both of our children have absolutely loved their experiences at pinnacle fitness.
The quality of training seen at cflv in general is unlike any other that i've experienced.
I definitely give this gym 5 stars!!!
I have read the other reviews and most people complained about old trainers leaving.
Plus i met some incredibly new trainers at this gym like jeremy and lesmi.
Anyhow, i can't rave enough about how i love love love this gym!
I love this gym!
They have a great variety of equipment and enough cardio equipment to go around.
I visit this gym often enough and the monthly fee is crazy cheap!
The only problem i have with planet fitness is the staff.
This is one of the best programs i've seen out of a commercial brand name gym.
It's got all the amenities of a big gym with the family care and service of a box gym.
If you are new to fitness or really want to dial up your results check these guys out.
Nine months ago after my 59th birthday i found my self-overweight at 220 pounds, and on three medications.
I like this gym.
I went to fitness works for over 5 years and joined fitness evolution this year.
They have started to build up there group fitness program.
If you're looking for a nice, clean gym try fitness evolution and definitely goto carmen's pump class.
I was a member at luna fitness for 9 months while living in arizona.
If you are a woman that likes some privacy and cleanliness in your gym, go here!
I don't like to stick out at the gym!
I miss this gym so much.
We took our toddler to my gym for a year when we first moved to ahwatukee.
We have attended two birthday parties at my gym, and thrown a birthday party there as well.
I love the open area feel of this 24 hour fitness location.
The cardio equipment are located right after the front desk.
Then after that, the middle section is filled with stationary weights.
The latter part of the facility is filled with free weights.
I think adding the weights in the warm-up area is a really nice touch.
Many of the other 24  hour fitness locations around the valley were acquired through another club.
The trainers are awesome!
It was before i even included "personal fitness" as a characteristic of mine.
Fast forward to 2013- i'm at the gym an awful lot.
I just joined reformed pilates as i was looking for a class that is focused more on strength training.
An above average gym (at least downtown).
The gym is bigger than my regular studio which i liked too.
Nice newer gym :) two floors.
Lots of cardio and weight machines, and free weights.
Large fitness class room.
This type of gym is perfect for someone like me.
It was the most fun i've had at a gym in a long time!
Gotta tell everyone that marlene the trainer is the real deal!!
She's who we're all using at this gym.
Thank god i finally found a great trainer!!!
Been looking for a gym membership for a while now.
Finally decided to come to la fitness.
I train with jordan and he kicks my ass every week!
Love all the trainers with up, they really pay attention to what each person can do and are extremely encouraging.
Harris y offers classes from photography to adult gymnastics to ballroom to kid's camps and activities.
The group exercise schedule is updated every month, in addition to trx, crossfit and spartan training (additional costs).
You will find great trainers that will help you achieve your goal.
I came here because i wanted to learn olympic weightlifting.
Basically, he is a demi-god in weightlifting.
If your looking for a classy non traditional training facility then the anthem ufc gym is your destination.
The gym is super clean, coaches are well trained, and create a positive energy.
Great place, for lifting weights tons of things i need.
Like any big gym you have to deal with weird ppl that don't know what there doing in a gym.
This gym has everything i need and more.
I love the fact that there is an outdoor workout space as well as a pool and cardio cinema!
The reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is that there are better gyms.
I recommend this gym for any type of training.
They got lots of free weight.
It's nice to have a gym where you can go in and basically do your ish and leave.
Two years ago i searched for a self defense training facility which would complement my fitness training.
I looked at a couple of boxing gyms, jujitsu, and other martial arts.
From the outset, react defense  instructors highlight that an important component of self-defense is fitness.
But it is presented to the trainee in a non-intimidating fashion.
My girls have loved the training.
Kudos to the staff and manager of la fitness.
This gym is a trip!
Tons of equipment, free weights, cardio, pumping music, racquetball, juice bar, pool, and more.
Overall, from what i saw the gym was clean and the equipment well maintained.
Nice to train with the best!
Great spacious gym, convenient location, and lots of equipment.
Dylan poesch has been my trainer for the past 2 months, and i have seen fantastic results!!
He is an enthusiastic, motivated, and positive trainer, and he is always pushing me past my limits.
I have met my own personal goals while training with him, and i am more confident than ever.
This is one of the coolest gyms you'll ever go to.
Customer service overall is the best of any gym out there, too.
The personal training is a little pricey but very worthwhile.
Having fun doing it with people you trust and admire is a bonus that not many gyms offer.
Octane is teaching us to eat well, train hard and push ourselves harder.
Love how clean this gym is!
I couldn't be happier with my experience at core fitness!
I highly recommend core fitness.
After being screwed over by planet fitness, i joined eos last week.
Great gym, very clean with an awesome vibe.
I had such an amazing experience at phoenix and the trainers are wonderful.
Ps - free fitness room access with a spa (but not salon) treatment.
She has been a part of my weight loss journey and i can't thank her enough.
This gym is always clean, the equipment is in excellent condition, and the class sizes are perfect.
Both are set up to be like circuit training and the exercises change each day.
I did the sweat class, which was 80% cardio and 20% strength (their strength class is the opposite).
It doesn't matter what belt color or fitness level you're at, professor will make it work for you.
He gets to know you and your weaknesses and strengths and helps you to develop an efficient way of training.
Because i continued to train, i was able to stay flexible and thus had an easy birth.
This place is better equipment that the rock climbing gym i used to frequent in sf.
The gym is pretty decent size, and wasn't too crowded on a weekend afternoon when i went.
I am very impressed by this gym and it's multiple work out options.
I had actually left fitness works eight years ago to join youfit, because i felt fitness works was run terribly.
Since the purchase, youfit has turned this gym around completely.
For ten bucks per month, this gym is a steal.
I have not used their training at this location, so i cannot give any information regarding that area.
I will say, i hope this place never closes, as it is a fantastic gym for the money.
I'm going to have to go to the gym to get my exercise on.
Good cardio facilities and the basement free weight room is pretty decent.
The cardio equipment is also meant to sync up with your ipod, but many of the connections dont' work anymore.
No biggie... you can find me usually in the free weights room in the basement.
Let those other folks go to the new golds gym.
Tons of fitness classes with great instructors (i'm partial to the spin classes).
Tis my favorite gym to which i've ever paid dues.
Wonderful gym - excellent equipment, friendly staff, sauna room, always clean and inviting
I came to cory awhile back after working out with my other trainer for a year, 5 days per week.
Huge fan of core fitness and if i didn't move i would still be going.
This gym is one of three goodlife on yonge street.
My son is a brazilian jiu jitsu student at twisted fitness in madison, wisconsin, an alliance gym.
My son had a great desire to receive training from an alliance academy.
Training for my son with hector and his students was an awesome experience.
I couldn't wait to get back to the gym just to spend a little more time with these exceptional people.
All of the trainers are awesome.
When i head down to phoenix eos is hands down the best gym i've trained at in the tempe/phoenix area.
I really like this gym.
All cardio machines have tv's and there are plenty of them.
I enjoy water aerobics and working out with my personal trainer tonia.
Nikki is an amazing trainer.
Julianne weinberg at la fitness was an excellent personal trainer.
This location is 24 hours which is amazing, but what makes this gym so inviting is their staff!
I also received a free consultation with a trainer.
This is my favorite eos gym.
Another nice thing about the gym is that there is plenty of space.
Kids and families usually stick to one area of the gym, while two other large areas often remain unoccupied.
I definitely recommend this gym and i plan on visiting again soon.
Sil offers small group training with some of the most highly trained professionals.
If you are looking for a community of fitness lovers this is the place for you!
I have also never had any personal training.
I am so happy to see how much the brand, gym and team has grown since starting.
Even though i miss ms. missy, all the new trainers still kill it every single damn time.
This is one of the best places i've been to for personal group training.
All of the trainers i've worked with at the summerlin and henderson locations are wonderful.
The workouts integrate cardio, floor workouts, weights, rowers, and even boxing.
They also provide a meal plan called eat like your trainer.
Great gym and great environment.
Would recommend if you are looking for a large gym that doesn't get too packed.
Not too bad of a price, definitely cheaper than another rock climbing gym.
Walls are setup with easy, intermediate, and difficult levels with in different sections of the gym.
I like how all the new gyms now are integrating the turf for tire flips and sled pushes.
The only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that the night staff never clean the gym floor.
Unlike la fitness where everyone stands around  and talks, you make friends, but people work hard here.
I would go back to vegas just so i could train here again, that is how great this box is.
Unlike la fitness where everyone stands around  and talks, you make friends, but people work hard here.
From a pure gym perspective i like it.
Used to be 24 hour fitness, now la fitness.
Needed to get back on my feet and stop making excuses so i joined a challenge at ufc gym.
Thank you to the incredible coaches and trainers (in special...craig, jae and sophia), and thank you for the opportunity!
I normally dread going to the gym, but now with all these great classes, its all i want to do.
My favorite gym ever!
The staff is super friendly and amazing trainers!
It's my first gym membership and i was a little intimidated by the idea but everyone there is great.
They are a full gym but lacking some machines.
However for the price this gym is a not bad to work off all the food i'm stuffing myself.
I love how clean the gym is all the time.
And my personal trainer thru custom built rocks!!
Track, cardio machines and weight machines upstairs.
More cardio machines downstairs, along with a huge free weight area, a pool and a women's gym.
If you want the best training in the valley, then this is the place!
Just signed up not a fan in big commercial gyms but it seems nice.
After 1 week back at my old "normal" gym i needed something more fun, more intense, and with better results.
Snap boulder city is a terrific fitness center.
If you are looking for a gym i highly recommend coming in for a tour and current membership information.
They have sweat and strength classes, sweat is more cardio.
The cardio equipment is upstairs, in a long hallway-like room, and the weights room is more open.
Clean, spacious gym, adequate amount of equipment even during rush hours.
Just wished they had hand sanitizer stations around the gym.
I went to a spin-heavy gym in minneapolis & was afraid i wouldn't find a studio equally as challenging.
We have been members at my gym southpark for 4 years now and it's wonderful!
I highly recommend this gym to any one with children!
I've never done any of their classes either, or used anything besides the gym equipment.
But they don't work out in the gym.
They'll even babysit your kids for those that bring children to a gym.
Yes you have to notify 30 days in advance, but other gyms don't even allow you to do that sometimes.
I first joined this gym when they opened last year.
The thing that sets this gym apart though are the trainers.
Finally, she puts in the extra mile and leads the gym's run club which has helped me tremendously.
Overall, i've lost a lot of weight, feel healthier and have gained a great community at this otf!
I always have a great experience when i come to this gym.
Orangetheory fitness is amazing.
If you want to try a new fitness program, and believe me, i have tried so many, try this.
Usually it's when i'm not going to another gym with my friend as their guest.
I was looking to switch but the other gym didn't want my business.
I like this gym for several reasons.
I started going to the gym a little over a year ago and started training with ramon.
He is the most dedicated trainer.
All of the girls he trains support each other.
I have been a member of planet fitness for over a year.
They're also free weights , hydro massage, tanning beds and more.
Exclueds class and other premium contents but for basic self -training which goodlife includes.
Fit for less is much more for without personal trainer , classes, also offer towel and premium customer service.
The gym is inside the fencing studio, that was a bit confusing to find at first.
I'm happy with this gym overall except for the early closing hours.
I highly recommend this gym classes.
So i go to zumba with linda on wed. at the durango location thursday the sahara gym friday with david.
Thanks to david and linda this gym are keeping my business.
Came with a friend to one of the classes with trainer mark and loved it.
Headed to the gym anyways, but started coughing horribly just as i checked in.
As far as a gym, cr has it all.
Tons of cardio equipment especially stairs which most hotel / spa gyms do not have.
The weight room is well equipped.
The gym is clean with an attendant available.
If a gym is important to your vacation canyon ranch is the best!!
I use to dread going to the gym but i look forward to my workout at dethrone.
The best cardio training in town!
This gym is the real deal!
My favorite is morgan who is my trainer.
If cost is no issue this is a good gym :-) check it out!
All the trainers are very professional and know what they are doing.
I wish i had started earlier in my training.
I absolutely love this gym.
I do not consider myself a fitness person.
Love this gym the staff is super amazing so friendly and helpful the gym is always clean and organize.
Great energy and beautiful people awesome equipment five 5 star gym couldn't ask for anything better thanks eos staff.
I love the classes at this gym.
Of all the crossfit gyms i've been to, this is the cleanest, safest and most fun.
The gym has a great mix of competitors and people looking to improve their lives through fitness.
I've been a member of this gym for about 9 months.
My first day i decided to go back, i showed up at 5 am, when the gym opened.
Overall i am pretty pleased with la fitness.
We all go to a gym to workout, release stress after long day or before beginning our day.
However, after signing up a personal trainer my result improved dramatically.
Steve is the most knowledgeable trainer i've ever encountered.
I had tried a trainer before and was hesitant but steve is the best.
I like how v1-v4 is another gyms v2-5.. they're harder climbs which i like!
I recently, reluctantly decided to join a gym.
I was referred to la fitness by my dad who is a member.
I never joined a gym before thinking i just wouldn't know how to use the machines and would be overwhelmed.
Now when i go to the gym i have a personalized work out plan.
And the gym is beautiful!
Absolutely love this gym!!!!
I had a really good experience signing up my son for this gym.
They gym itself is small but it's super close to where we live.
It's more of a country club feel then a gym.
They make you sweat and loose so much weight!
Best gym i have ever joined.
Other than that, great gym with nice new and clean equipment
If cardio is your thing, they have plenty of equipment for that too.
I absolutely love this gym!!
Friday with angel was more cardio which really finished out my week well!!
This is my gym.
I have now been working out at this gym for about 3 months, and i am very glad i joined.
The biggest indication that it was a good decision: i actually go to the gym regularly!
I'm a big fan of the cardio machines with the little tvs.
I'm learning to like (and to use) the selection of free weights, mats and equipment.
The gym stays cool, doesn't smell like sweat, and has friendly staff.
This gym doesn't have a large enough area to really get a me bough variety or any more complex climbs.
The gym is cleaner than most.
Bathrooms are 8/10 for clean which is pretty awesome for a rock gym!
I started working out at eos fitness going on 2 months.
I have to say that it is the best gym ever.
So what if people drop their weight?
Sarah, the owner is super nice and has a radiant personality, she is very passionate and knowledgeable about fitness.
This gym is more than just a place to get your workout in, it's a second family.
If you're looking for a new gym, don't look any further!
This place is super unique and totally different from the normal stale gym routine.
All interval training from the bike to the floor exercises.
I've been to quite a few crossfit gyms and this is one of the best.
I joined la fitness originally for the pool, but three months in, decided to employ the assistance of a trainer.
The training supervisor paired me up with steve az, master trainer, because of my particular challenges and goals.
I did the sugar detox (best decision of my life) and in conjunction with the training, lost 4 pounds.
Steve started me out with core training and has recently added weight and strength training.
I want to thank steve, he is personally interested and invested in his trainees.
I actually feel like i'm the only one he trains.
My daughter loves my gym.
She gets so much more out of it then fitness.
I have been training with emmit and chris for several months now.
I am feeling stronger and gaining muscle and cardio fitness.
I've experienced every gym in the valley, and this is by far my favorite.
The bouldering side of the gym has a very unique padding that measures two feet of thickness.
While this is primarily a bouldering gym, there is a wall of auto belays.
I recently joined this fitness club and am really liking it.
There are enough classes with enough variety to fulfill any fitness needs i have.
There is circuit training, dry sauna, and a really good floor for the classes.
Relaxed place to work out with most any fitness items you would need.
Overall great gym to workout at.
I love this gym!
The classes are awesome and the gym has all the equipment i need.
Joined this gym about two weeks ago.
This gym is truely awesome.
It's a huge gym with so many options for workouts.
The eucalyptus steam room on its own is motivation to get to the gym everyday.
They always have towels unlike some 24 fitness in town.
The weights can be organized more and restacked.
I had a trainer named chris and he was wonderful and i lost 15 pounds with him.
I love this gym and i fell in love with it when i first walked in.
I wish this gym had wifi though.
Been coming here since jan and training with mark.
I have never (repeat never) been a gym person at all.
The intensity, cardio, floor exercises, and of course the trx provide such an amazing workout.
But, it is truly the staff...trainers and management that keep me coming back.
I am truly happy that i found this workout/gym and have made it part of my life!
One of the best gyms in the valley, and country for that matter.
Indoor and outdoor pools, dozens of cardio options, free weights, spas, food bar, saunas, steam rooms.. yeah everything.
Overall the it had a bunch of machines, small area with weights, mats, and balls.
This gym is clean and the staff are wonderful.
I love this gym!
The people that go to the gym are nice and help me become better in all the different workouts!
Do you want to meet and exceed your fitness goals?
Look no further than underground fitness.
Dave "big d" bess and his staff will tailor a fitness and nutrition program to meet and exceed your goals.
I've worked out at mountainside fitness, crossfit, orange theory and with other personal trainers... "big d" tops them all!
Stop looking and start training at underground fitness.
If you're thinking about making a change or you need a new gym, this is the place to come!
First time joining a crossfit gym and i haven't regretted it.
I was an avid gym goer and runner looking for something to break up my normal routine for the summer.
I had been looking for a crossfit gym for a while but never really found one that i clicked with.
They have been doing crossfit for years so i feel like i have a couple of professional  personal trainers.
Everything in the gym is new.
I finally broke up with 24 hr fitness and needed a new gym & some major motivation.
2 weeks later i was kicking myself in the ass after checking out the gold's gym in aliante.
I'll be canceling the small gym now that i signed up with gold's.
What makes gold's gym in aliante so awesome........cardio cinema!
It's like a big theater but in place of seats there is cardio equipment (bikes, treadmills & ellipticals).
I heart this gym so far!
Best gym i've been to.
This gym has everything that you need and more.
Luckily, i found gymkhana and have had a steady place to get out and play rain, snow or shine!
The gym offers traditional gymnastics classes for older kids as well as toddler classes.
Great gym, i go here alllll the time and i'm always happy.
Love this planet fitness.
It is super clean gym with a awesome staff.
I would highly recommend this gym to any of my friends.everyone is super friendly.
Cheap cost and well maintained and have not had judgement placed upon me personally...love this gym :).
The best 24 hour gym around!
My other gym is called 24 hour, but seems to be only 18 hour.
We all have our reasons for going to the gym.
The gym you choose, should define you as a person.
Remember, your gym...should fit you as a person.
Love that this gym is never crowded.
She's very knowledgeable and tailored the workout to my fitness goals.
Eos fitness is a great place to workout.
The equipment  is there for cardio and weight training.
The gym is awesome and spacious with great equipment!
I would definitely recommend this gym to  anyone  of my friends  without hesitation.
I really like the classes at this gym.
Just started going to this gym.
Love everything about this gym.
Thank you mountainside fitness.
From day 1 of stepping into perpetual fitness i have never felt more welcomed.
I wasn't sure if crossfit was a place for someone like me(severely overweight).
I was shocked because the last time i was in a gym(years ago) nobody talked to anybody.
I'm confident perpetual fitness will help me achieve this goal after 10 years of yo-yo dieting and exercise struggles.
Thank you perpetual fitness for welcoming me and helping me on my journey.
The trainers here are knowledgeable and help you push yourself.
I love this place but some people do not have gym  etiquette.
Metro fitness has changed my life.
Kate knows just what to do to make your body respond to training like it never has before.
She creates interesting and efficient circuit training stations so your workout is fun, quick, and effective.
She doesn't talk about losing weight or fitting into skinny jeans.
They also have a full gym, rock climbing wall and salon services.
Maya is the best trainer ever!!!!!
If you are serious about weight loss and getting fit this is the place for you!
Boot camps are awesome she also has one on one training.
Cardio tramp class is so fun and different!
Great gym in an awesome location!
This is one of my favorite anytime fitness locations because of the equipment.
They also have loads of free weights and treadmills/ellipticals - and it is always clean!
The facility is very nice with all the equipment needed to train and classes were fun and challenging.
I really can't believe there are negative reviews regarding this gym.
I've worked out all of my life and have attended several different gyms across the valley.
This gym (by far) is one of the best.
They have a variety of machines, crossfit area, kettle bells and weights.
Since i've been attending this gym, i've never had to wait for any cardio machine.
It's hardly ever packed, like 24 hour fitness and lvac.
One of the things i love about this gym that it's super clean!!!
This is one of my most favorite gyms :-)
The underground fitness team has really helped get me on the right track with exercise and diet.
If you are looking for a personal trainer, i would highly recommend underground fitness!
Okay so planet fitness gets a lot of hate on the internet that is highly undeserved.
What planet fitness hates are jerks who intimidate and make fun of other people.
Planet fitness took all of that away.
I have never been to a gym where the actual gym attendees are amazingly nice people.
Planet fitness is the first place that i actually wanted to go to everyday and looked forward to going.
I can't praise planet fitness enough and i love them.
I currently train with jake page and that man is beyond fantastic!
Who wouldn't want a trainer like that?!?
Best gym in charlotte!
If i lived in the area i would definitely make this my gym!
The trainers are all amazing and really keep you into the workout and pumped up.
I love this gym!
I have a personal trainer art, who is amazing.
Convenient, variety of equipment, classes, and personal training.
Cheaper than the other gyms, very friendly and helpful staff that don't try wacky sales pitches like other gyms.
No weird gimmicks, just a cool gym.
Camelback crossfit is a world class functional fitness gym located in south scottsdale, or sosco, if you're that guy.
Coach matt is a tremendous fitness expert who provides quality instruction and training to all the members of the gym.
Coach matt is super encouraging, positive, and highly knowledgeable in all things fitness.
I can not recommend this gym highly enough.
Coach matt and cbcf can help you reach all your fitness goals.
Awesome training studio.. eric and alfredo are energetic, and have awesome routines..
I ended up with a cool trainer, devin poopaa, who has me hitting goals a lot faster than i expected.
He's personable and like the other staff, makes a real effort to see ppl grow fitness wise.
Great gym and the fact that they are open 24 hours a day is wonderful.
Love this gym it's always clean and all the equipment works!
Top notch crossfit gym with great staff and a place without a bunch of ego running wild.
Choice of one of 3000 treadmills, ellipticals, stair-trainers, etc, complete with individual tv screens and sanitized headphones?
Fitness (the second closest) and was thoroughly disappointed in their ethics.
He understood my frustrations with previous gyms, and made me feel at ease.
Overall great gym , clean, has everything you need to get results.
Raw fitness is like no other gym, they motivate and empower you to lose weight.
They have amazing boot camps and trainers that are very involved.
My first training session with bruce-i felt that he and i had been training together for awhile.
If you need personal training, call damian or bruce.
Great gym, not to packed has everything you need plus more
He is a dedicated trainer who can help you achieve your goals.
It's a clean big open gym.
There seems to me more free weights and machines.
On either side of the gym there's a fitness studio, cycling studio, basketball court, and boxing area.
There's a movie room with cardio equipment in it.
For the price, eos fitness is a great deal.
You get both barre and cardio, there's really nothing else like it!
Well maintained clean gym and good equipment .
My wife and i flew to vegas to check this gym out, as well as the competition.
That said, this is one of, if not the best gym i've ever visited.
This is clearly the best gym in vegas.
My weight has stayed the same but i lost 2 inches on my waist.
At 52 i'm in the best shape of my life thanks to dave bess and underground fitness.
I would never have been able to achieve these results fumbling around in a gym on my own.
No matter what time i went, there were always cardio machines available because they have a ton.
Total surprise since i have always had to wait at the 5 o'clock "rush hour" at other gyms.
All in all though, i'm really pleased with my choice to join this gym.
Booked side-by-side pedicures along with a spaclub passport so we could use the fitness center.
Turner fit personal training is a great way to get in shape!
Because of this, the gym continues to grow and retain a lot of members.
Crossfit crew is the most affordable crossfit gym in the valley.
Aside from fitness, the gym also hosts competitions, recovery/happy hours, outdoor hiking activities, etc.
I did the 6 week boot camp challenge at pulse fitness.
They helped me along my journey with training, meal plans, encouragement and accountability.
So far i love this gym!
I moved to north side of town and reviewed many gyms until i found eos in peoria.
Trainers are awesome and gym has awesome machines.
Other then that love this gym
I've been working out my whole life, and vegas fitness tops my list.
The owner is very cool, and makes sure his gym is always up to par.
A great gym, workout, and escape all in one.
Thank you vegas fitness!!
I used to be a member of la fitness and this is a hell of a lot better than that.
For the most part it is pretty clean, although i don't really consider gyms to be "clean".
Great workout- always changing and fun trainers!
Unfourtunately beer had caused me to get fat and stop going to the gym.
So it was time to find a new gym to workout.
Planet fitness is setup exactly like most gold's gyms.
I have heard that you can't put much weight on the machines or the bars and this is a lie.
Overall great gym at a great price.
This location has a lot of equipment so you rarely have to "weight".
After the classes ended, my wife and i bought several personal training sessions with mark/lynn.
I've also taken a senior cardio lite class and they had more endurance than me!?
Awesome indoor rock climbing gym!
It also has gym equipment, yoga classes, and rock climbing classes.
There's some rock gyms with snotty staff.
This gym is great!
Oher than that, i really like this gym.
I love my gym!
Decided it was time to get back into a gym.
After a little homework i settled on pulse fitness.
Super knowledgeable training team that pushes you but builds with each session.
Gym has the full gamut of crossfit equipment for any wod.
I've always been active but this is the first "gym" i've joined and stayed with for over two years.
If i owned a fitness studio, it would be exactly like eleve.
Working out and fitness used to be an obligatory task...
Far better to invest in a gym that you'll actually go to.
Use the hashtag #sh*tmytrainersays (remove the star).
#sh*tmytrainersays eric: i haven't had a red bull in so long!
#sh*tmytrainersays alfredo: get low, ladies, get low!
I don't think i want to go to any other gym.
As far as the services of the gym, it's of medium size.
The ladies room is always clean and overall, i enjoy coming to this gym.
Cardio machines, weight machines and free weights.
It's really all about cardio and strength training, and that's what i'm looking for here.
The gym amenities are also great.
I highly recommend this gym.
The gym itself is well kept and always in pristine condition.
I have always been the type to go to the gym, do my thing and leave.
Yes, it's more expensive than other gyms, but you really are getting great service for the price.
I really have no major problems with this gym.
I don't know about the trainers or the classes, but the equipment seems to be similar between the locations.
The only thing i can do without is being talked to by the trainers or anyone else who works there.
I understand you have great promotions, classes, seminars, training programs, etc.
The quality of their trainers is the reason i joined.
That's what this gym is all about.
I train harder, hurt less and have significantly better results using this gym than doing it alone.
From his involvement, i can tell he is quite hands on and cares about improving the overall fitness of people.
In terms of what we did, tristian was our trainer and we did a cardio kickboxing class.
It was more cardio and core focused than kickboxing, but it was still a good workout nonetheless.
I come to do cardio and absolutely.
All the massage therapist are well trained with their technique, i've always had a great experience so far.
This is quite a new model of gymming and i really enjoyed my experience for what it is.
I went into the gym after parking on the street (weekends have 3hour street parking on millwood for free).
That is truly one of the best things about the gym.
The gym equipment is a solid 4/5.
There's a good amount of free weights up for 100lb.
The best gym in henderson hands down.
An average 24 hr gym.
The trainers are great, the music is awesome and the all around approach to fitness and fantastic.
All the trainers at this location are great; knowledgeable and encouraging.
There are so many things i love about eleve training studios.
First time going to la fitness they are very welcoming.
They have a small fitness center and the facility is bigger than the red rock climbing center close to summerlin.
I love this gym .
Total body workout - show up and spend about half your time on a treadmill in about half on weights.
It's hard to find time to get to the gym whether it's for fitness or just overall mental health.
24 hour fitness makes it easy no matter what your schedule may be.
Basketball court, pool, sauna and a large variety of cardio equipment.
I'm kind of a cardio junkie, and this place is great for that.
We were looking to switch gyms and found this a mile away from our house.
So limited on what they have for cardio.
(they use the one room for personal training/bootcamp later in the evening.)
Also, i take my kids to the gym and they love the huge play area.
Plenty of toys, tv area, and a netted jungle gym!
Overall, so far, i think this gym is very good for what i need it for.
Duane and germaine really put the 5 stars of lifetime fitness, they are great and always treat me very well.
I was a crossfit virgin before stumbling in to this gym one year ago.
The coaches are all fantastic, practicing safety/form first, heavy weight second.
The community at this gym is second to none.
I am so happy i picked eos fitness.
When you book a spa service, one-day entrance to the gym and group classes plus entrance to aquavana are included.
Ronnie is a great trainer.
I have gotten great results and will continue to train with ronnie long term.
He's an awesome trainer and an all around great guy.
The staff is friendly and helpful and the gym is always kept clean, especially the restrooms.
Married, two kids, typical story...i started with the classes and then moved over to the one-on-one training with adam.
I have been an athlete all my life, strength trained in high school and college.
I'm stronger, leaner, more knowledgable and i am truly grateful that a gym like this exists!!
That's why professional athletes train @ zone!
This gym is for people who want results!
The gym is very clean with newer equipment in good working order, which is a plus as well, of course.
Great gym been going for about a year !
Personal training program are 30 mins long enough time to give you a nice work out.
The personal training is great .
This review is specifically for dennis the trainer and body pump teacher at this gym.
Some of us have busy schedules and it's nice to have a gym available at these times.
-not a very big gym.
-they offer mediocre personal trainers like any other rec.
I have been going to this gym for the last 2 years.
The gym is modern and fairly new.
All of the equipment is fully in tact and not worn down like some other gyms.
The gym has squat racks, plyometric boxes, cable machines and free weights that go up to 100 pounds.
I love this gym because its never too busy.
The gym also has in inbody body composition machine to measure muscle mass and and weight that is free.
$10-$20/ month plus annual fee of about $60 is worth it for a great no frills gym membership.
Plenty of cardio machines, one jacobs ladder, rowing and cycling machines.
The floor for ab and free weights is a bit cramped at times.
Since that day i have trained with samaiyah "motivating maya" council!
Okay this gym is like a country club.
The dues for country clubs are thousands of dollars so to me my gym is a bargain.
The trainers are of the highest quality there are so many great classes to choose from throughout the day.
My visit started with a 90 minute workout in their well equiped gym.
If you are recieving a treatement, the gym is free.
As expected, they have plenty of machines and weights.
The lighting was a bit subdued which is odd for a gym.
After the gym, i retired to the spa and showered off in one of the three showers.
I have been to many planet fitness' gyms all over the states.
The cardio equip is old and needs to be updated.
The free weight and machine area is ok.
I am charged a maintenance fee in addition to my monthly dues and expect the gym to be maintained.
Ive been a member of the gym for 3 years, i love this place.
I highly recommend dc fit to all fitness levels.
I wanted a gym with bouldering and auto belays and this fit the bill.
I love the gym.
If you like to boulder, this is your gym.
This state of the art gym is truly amazing!
I only joined because i wanted to only work out and i needed a gym thats open 24/7.
Im glad this gym is only 5 mins from where i live.
They dont bother me with signing up for personal trainers unlike other gyms.
Its like having your own gym!
Although you can sign for a personal trainer if you'd like.
The basis for the megaformer approach is strength training with collateral cardio and balance work in one 45 minute session.
There are variations for every movement so as my fitness level has increased the workout has continued to challenge me.
They are fast workouts and i'm not at the gym for hours.
This is more than a gym, this is family.
The trainers treat you with respect and push you to become a better version of you.
I've had a membership with lvac, and the unlv campus gym but prefer planet fitness over the others.
When i started 4 years ago i was out of shape and overweight(no one told me this at the time!).
Best gym i have been to in las vegas.
I would encourage anyone at any level of fitness to come in and experience everything that zone has to offer!
There are many amenities that this gym offers.
As for monthly dues... yes it is much pricier than any other gym i have been to.
I love this gym.
All the trainers are fit so if you ever need a trainer they all know what they are doing.
Oh and they hey an awesome trx training system for everyone to use.
Something i haven't seen at other gyms.
They're very skilled and trained at assessing each person's level of fitness right off the bat.
You start out where you are in fitness, wherever that may be, and you work your way up.
I started working out with ron about a year ago when i met him at my local gym.
I've always considered getting a trainer but never wanted to cough up the money to get one.
Whether it's lose weight, gain muscle, tone up, or just live a more active lifestyle, ron can help.
Anyways, the gym is always clean, staff is friendly and it's just a nice place to workout.
Great gym for the price, tons of cardio machines.
Not so great of a gym for those serious about lifting weights.
Not enough free weights and the dumb bells only go up to 70 pounds or so.
Gym is always very clean.
I am very excited to get started with my fitness program.
I am also looking forward to the 6 month trainer sessions...see you tomorrow!
Great way to lose weight & make friends!
This gym also has yoga classes quite often.
I highly recommend this place for training or pro wrestling shows.
Their weight and cardio equipment and area is excellent.
They have amazing personal trainers, nutrition coaching and small group training which is excellent that i love!
Brandon baird is my group's trainer who is fantastic!
Chuck is an awesome professional trainer who knows how to get you results no matter what your looking for.
His gym is set up so nicely and it is fun to workout there.
It's pretty nice compared to la fitness, where i was before.
This is one of the best gyms in the valley.
He's a wonderful trainer and i would highly recommend him to anyone!
This was the 24 hour fitness i joined because they have a 3 lane salt water pool.
The facility is clean, new and nice and has a bunch of different cardio/weight stuff for their personal training activities.
It is a pretty solid place if you live in the area and want some personal training.
I can't comment on their personal training ability or prices yet though.
The activities and configuration of the gym change each week.
Love this gym and the entire staff!
I'm usually at the gym 8-9:30am every day and the women who work the kid's room are the best!
Thanks, mountainside, for the best gym experience for my entire family.
Hands down, the best gym we've belonged to.
Have never even come close to having to wait for a piece of cardio equipment.
A fairly large free-weight area, decent sized machine area keep wait times to a minimum as well.
I wouldn't call this the best or the worst gym.
-lots of cardio machines which include treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairs, etc.
I'm guessing at least 40 machines for cardio so you're not really waiting to go running or walking.
Pf is still pretty new but i'm always seeing gym users and employees wiping down equipment and cleaning.
-gym is open 24/7 and the staff is there 24/7.
-free weight barbells limited to 65 lbs.
-you can't drop weights, they'll scold you or you'll set off the lunk alarm.
-cardio machines don't have usb connections so can't charge ur phones while running a long time.
-no free weight olympic bars.
-no classes like lvac, 24hr fitness, or gold's gym.
My cardiologist ordered a test that must be performed in a hospital.
When it comes to the basketball courts and gym this place is great.
My trainer toni is the best!
This gym is clean and everyone that works here is nice!
This is a fantastic gym!
Las vegas is really lucky to have such a great gym!
Impact bootcamp  took my fitness level to a whole new high.
I don't even look at the clock when i am in class, which in most gym classes, i do.
This is a decent and inexpensive no-frills gym.
Some of the equipment is old, but weight is weight.
The gym floor could be a bit cleaner.
I have decided to switch from l.a. fitness after 4 yrs.
Went out to the free weight and the area was not that busy.
On the other side of the gym they have crossfit stuff (not that id ever use that stuff).
I noticed there are quite a bit more "tools" then l.a. fitness but you'll get those anywhere.
I've been going to this gym since they opened and i love it.
I go all different hours of the day and this gym stays clean and organized  at all times.
My husband and i both work out at bishop's training facility (btf).
I love that almost all of their clients have been with them since they opened the gym.
If you are looking for a top notch training facility, give emmett a call.
You want a gym with minimal costs on a monthly basis.
It serves as a no frills basic gym with cardio equipment and free weights.
Akin to a normal gym's admin fee).
Has a wide array of cardio equipment as well as weights.
The weight section is considerably smaller but there are enough weights to get a good dumbbell workout in.
The 24/7 aspect is fantastic and allows you to be in control of your gym use.
Nobody really puts away their weights here.
This is a problem but a lot of gyms have this issue as well.
I love the group fitness classes, the place is always clean and pretty well stocked.
What else could you ask for in a gym?
This gym has a great combination of everything from kickboxing to cardio to strength training!
This isn't my regular 24 hour fitness but i work out here once a week with my cousin.
Place is 2 stories with cardio on the top floor and weights on the bottom floor.
The personal trainers never bother you to sign up, etc.
I have been training at underground fitness for 3 years.
I currently train with jake and alec and could not be happier.
This is more then a gym, feels like a country club.
It has everything you need, day care, basketball, raquet ball, indoor pool, outdoor pool, training classes, lots of cardio.
The staff is very friendly and the trainers are all over the place and ready to help you with anything.
The gym itself is very clean.
The gym is laid out into certain sections, as is almost every other gym.
Leg area, upper arms area, free weights section.)
It's like circuit training.
It's a section of the gym where you workout nothing but your abs for 12 minutes.
Their biggest image they like to push is that they are a "judgement free gym".
They have signs all around that encourage you that "you belong" and "no gymtimidation".
Overall, it's a perfect gym for beginners, or the casual athlete.
24 hr turnaround laundering services - *this is awesome - no gym bag needed* 9.
I actually enjoy going to the gym everyday and the staff is always friendly.
Very generally its high intensity interval training (hiit) that incorporates olympic lifting, gymnastics, running, and various other things.
The membership also include access to everything from the regular gym and unlimited guest passes but no pilates.
The workout room replaced the old full size basketball gym from 24 hour fitness, so its huge.
Kanoa is the head trainer, he's kind of like a huge grizzly bear, but friendly and very helpful.
The rest of the weekend are open gym/make ups.
There is something for every age and fitness level at dethrone base camp.
The training facility could be a little larger, but it is always spotless!
The real difference between dethrone and any fitness gym in the valley, is the staff!
The dethrone management team and every instructor / trainer is personally committed, to seeing you succeed!
Want more than a gym, but a lifestyle change, a home away from home?
You should look no further than pulse fitness.
I utilize boot camp and personal training.
Each trainer is professional and fun, and you can learn from all of them.
Full gym and even a kosher restaurant.
The most beautiful gym i've ever been too!
Within 4 weeks, i saw dramatic improvements in both cardiovascular endurance and strength, and quickly lost weight.
The personal training staff is amazing!
If you want to lose weight or get in shape this is the place to go!
That's pretty good considering it takes 24 hour fitness on centennial 5 months to fix one treadmill!!
They have treadmills, bikes, elliptical, high quality weights, free weights and machines that are brand new.
Mike s the best trainer ever.
I'm giving 5 stars because of mark the best trainer ever!!!
Oh and can you please renumber the weights in the side rooms?
:-)   i'd write more but it's already too long and i gotta go to the gym!
I love this gym!
My kids love this gym!
I have been coming to this gym for about a year now!
Mountainside fitness knows what a visit to the gym should be - clean, with great equipment, at a reasonable price.
Most of the time the gym is empty with maybe 5-10 people working out at any given time.
It's great for members though because you never have trouble finding a machine or weights.
The gym is clean, offers classes, cardio and weights.
Coming from other overpriced and crowded gyms it's refreshing to get a workout at an affordable price!
Best gym, best trainers, best workers.
The trainers are very educated at you can easily find one that meets your needs.
Get some training and let one of these guys show you the road to success.
You want a gym with minimal costs on a monthly basis.
Given that a gym has more than 50 people there at any given time, this is really a problem.
There are some serious gymrats here too so it's a mix between newbies and gym  regulars.
Akin to a normal gym's admin fee).
Despite all the negatives i posted, this sure as hell beats paying $60 to some other gym.
But until then, this is the cheapest place for a regular basic gym.
This place has the approachability of a smaller neighborhood gym with the resources of some of top tier facilities.
You and eat and loose weight faster if you listi.
This is review for the gym and spa at the hotel....so i loved the spa.
Focus is a large gym with mainly bouldering and some auto belays.
As of right now, this is the best bouldering gym in arizona that i've been to.
I like that this location isn't like a "da' club with weights".
But that's an issue at every gym.
Best gym in charlotte!!!
Every trainer is different and very motivating.
They do one on one training  & nutritional challenges that will help you get your results a lot faster.
The have huge selection of free weights, machines and cardio equipment.
I have to say i feel really lucky to have him as my trainer.
I was total new on weight lifting and workout area.
I strongly recommend jake as personal trainer.
All other trainers in ugf are super nice and willing to help too.
I started training in last june.
Its a wonderful gym and i am glad i joined it.
The equipment... they have the best equipment i've ever seen at a gym.
I've been training here for about 7 months or so now and have to say my experience has been amazing!
I train with asad three days a week and have seen incredible results!
Fix the music and it is by far the best gym i've been to.
I saw one of the personal trainers comfort one of their clients when they were obviously upset.
I'm so glad i'm a member of this gym.
I am currently a member of lvac which was my first gym experience.
I've had some preconceptions about planet fitness...the clunker alarms, the purple equipment, the youtube advertisements that always say "no gymtimidation".
Objective thoughts:  upon entering, gym is sizeable and clean.
A lineup of cardio equipment and tv monitors.
All of the machines look like lifefitness with the weights adjustable by pins plus an incremental 5lb option.
10 circuit machines on the outside perimeter and 10 step stations in the center to alternate cardio with strength.
The free pizza day as an incentive to go to the gym was odd to me.
Ok if the gym is not busy but there were times i could see congestion for the cage and precors.
There definitely should be more mats for people who like to do bodyweight exercises and crunches.
Lvac doesn't have room for 1 minute cardio intervals in between circuit machines and those are air pressurized.
These are pin adjusted stacked weights.
For new gym goers, this place gets the job done.
This is a great starter gym or for those people who like to get in and out for a workout.
Ending note: the gymtimidation reminder everywhere was a turn off.
Being skinny is a social ideal but fitness is really a way of life.
I just upgraded to 24's super sport and i was so impressed with this 24 fitness club.
The "lunks" have also started to find their way into the gym.
Using up all the weights tho???
My to go to rock climbing gym in arizona!
I have lost an incredible amount of weight 55 pounds in two months.
I love a good family owned gym.
Despite not having the same presence as other chains this gym is well worth the money.
Very unfortunate, especially for a fitness center of this caliber and at the cost of the memberships.
This is a great fitness facility!
If you are in the market for a new gym membership--check them out!!
This is a great gym for those new to crossfit and for those who are more experienced.
I definitely recommend checking this gym out!
The gym is very clean.
Sariah was so helpful when i set up my personal training sessions!
Stuarts a good guy, he doesn't put any pressure on you to sign up like they do at other gyms.
Some gyms hire guys who come on way to strong, and it gets really awkward.
I love having a whole gym to myself.
This gym fits all your needs.
The gym overall is pretty big and was pretty clean, including the bathrooms.
Its close to work and they offer a cardio strength class around lunch time.
This is probably the best deal for a gym around.
In terms of the gym, there are plenty of equipment and all relatively new and well maintained.
Overall, it's a budget gym and you're getting amazing value for what they provide.
You should absolutely train with jason!
I went for the free fitness evaluation/consultation only so that i could say that i had "tried".
I've been a member of this gym for 5 years now.
So if you need to get in shape or stay in shape i highly recommend eos fitness.
I travel extensively so i workout in a lot of gyms all over the place and this location was great.
It wasn't crowded (i did go late though) but regardless the gym was great.
The fitness equipment is fairly new since they just opened last year.
Really liked the gym too - new equipment, lap pool, lots of group classes, super-cheap membership fees.
Nice variety (newer and working) equipment...and the personal trainers are helpful to your needs.
Eos fitness has grown on me i swear i really was super against coming to a small gym!
Now this is coming from somebody who was faithful to the notorious and glorious lifetime fitness!
This gym has everything i need and has been a great so far!
Eos is a simple and great gym if you are looking for something basic but proficient!
I have been coming here for about a month and find the gym to be clean and never packed.
I have yet to talk to a trainer, which i would like to.
Overall, great gym for the low monthly rates.
This is the prefect gym for beginners.
I love everything about this gym from the abs/stretch section to the 30minute workout section !!!
Well i love this gym.
I used the spa gym every day while i was staying at the palazzo for work.
I used the venetian spa gym for all but one day.
The last day, i tried the small palazzo fitness room.
This gym is perfect.
Dethrone is a small gym but spacious enough for a group to get in a great work out.
The work out consists 30 1minute strength exercises with 1minute cardio cycling sessions in between.
The trainers and members are encouraging and motivating.
The gym is very nice and clean.
I switched back over to 24 hour fitness and so far i can't complain.
This is a good gym, they have lots of free lockers and the upstairs cardio is nicely laid out.
Lots of seniors at this gym, so it's busy 9-12.
It has a nice personal training section.
I have been going to this gym for a while because it is the closest gym that meets my needs.
Another half star ding is that the gym is warm.
Holy mecca of gyms!
We joined this gym about 2 months ago and i am finally getting a chance to utilize it.
Front desk service is impeccable and they don't make you feel like you are walking into a gym.
Very advanced app for a gym!
Marcus is outstanding as a trainer!!!
La fitness is very lucky to have someone of his high caliber!!!
Gym is very neat and well run, i enjoyed my time there.
This is my gym!
Eventhough it's not the closest gym to my work or home, i am actually going over 3 times a week.
This is an all female gym.
These is a small gym area with cardio equipment and weights.
The other part of the gym is the studio/dance area.
I am now a group fitness junkie.
The best gym ever!
This gym is your best girlfriend!
I've had a really great experience with the personal training.
She helped me get so close to my goal weight (just 7 lbs to go!!)
Great cardio session and equipment.
Overall still part of the team and hope i can get to my goal weight.
I really like that the free weights are separated from the treadmill area.
Pool is nice trainers are great too.
I find the gyms are always clean and staff very accommodating and polite.
I really enjoy and appreciate mountainside fitness.
Been going to this gym for over a year.
Really like the fact that it is a true 24-hour gym.
I'm not your typical weight loss challenge beginner.
I cannot stress enough that this is not just a plain ol crossfit gym.
Oh, you can only lift a .5lb weight?
Loved the visit to this gym!
Not over crowded, great free weights, clean, no distractions and everyone taking their workout very serious!
It used to be a goodlife gym once upon a time.
One thing you must keep in mind is that this gym is located in the basement of the building.
More so on the environment of the gym, some may find that it can be stuffy.
The free weights room is a lot colder than the rest of the gym because they crank the air conditioning!
I never thought a gym could be a place you wanted to go to everyday!
Pulse fitness has changed the stereotype of a gym for me.
The bootcamp and personal training instructors are the best!
Trainers are very helpful and the small class setting helps to get personalized attention.
Love this gym being so close to my house.
I take the zone fitness classes because i know i will get results.
From the moment i walk in i feel just as important as the professional athletes that train there.
This gym is awesome!
Let me tell you the perks of a women's only gym.
No jerks putting on ridiculously heavy weights on to the machines.
This is by far the best gym in cleveland... dare i say anywhere!
Classes will be challenging whether you are new to fitness or already in great shape.
Workouts are tailored to your needs, and jermail and justin are extremely knowledgable about everything fitness related!
They are also models of their own training and great examples of health.
I can't say enough great things about them and the gym they have created.
Hands down the best fitness experience i've ever had!
I love this gym!
They have open gym from 6am to 11pm so it's easy to fit in your work out!
But gives options for those who are not up for that so, it is perfect for every fitness level.
The gym has cardio equipment and weights.
Friendly employees and trainers.
I love this gym .i hate the woman's room .
The machines are old and only go to 30 lbs and the free weights are missing.
But other then that room i use and have no complaints about the rest of the gym
Bummer no scale to weight yourself if you are a non-lunker trying to weight your progress to lunkiness.
This 24-hour fitness does the trick when i'm in town.
If you're in the south scottsdale area, this is the gym for you.
Solid gym, they have pretty much everything you need in my opinion.
I have never encountered a facility so well-run or with members and trainers who are so encouraging.
The music is pumping and the trainers are constantly circling giving encouragement or commenting to help with form or difficulty.
I love this gym.
I especially love my trainer, don.
I highly recommend la fitness, specifically the good year location.
It has a very relaxed atmosphere for a gym.
You can't beat the price for a 24 hour gym unlimited tanning and hydro/chair massage.
Catch 22 i want the gym to be successful but empty!
They switch up the gym arrangements every week, so it's never the same class!
I love my gym!
I originally chose this gym because of the value and the fact that they offer zumba classes.
This gym is pretty cool.
This gym is also very clean.
Love this planet fitness location!
A great fitness addition to vegas/henderson.
Very nice an peaceful gym.
Absolutely love this gym!
To top it all off the trainers are great, to name a few - jonathan, jared and mr. fletcher!
So the class is great for all levels and even the members of the gym are welcoming and encouraging!
Their friendly, know you by name and work hard at keeping the gym clean, stocked and inviting.
I am new to this entire crossfit process, but this location and these trainers have made it great.
I have been training with jason for two years now.
I have only the highest compliments for his personal training abilities and his studio.
The gym is located in a home in an upscale scottsdale neighborhood.
Jason is extremely friendly and takes the time to individualize a training program that matches one's specific goals.
I have seen tremendous gains as a result of jason's consistent and dedicated training regimen.
Also, his personal training fee is a fraction of what i have paid for through the years at other gyms.
Love love love this gym!
This place has every single piece of equipment you could ever want in a gym.
The staff here are always cleaning (all of them...i've even seen the fitness manager wiping down treadmills).
Classes are among my favorite part of this gym.
There are lots of kids at this gym (especially on weekends).
In closing, if all you care about is weights and cardio equipment, then lifetime probably isn't for you.
If you're looking to make overall fitness your entire family's lifestyle then join and enjoy!
Everything you need in a gym.
Convenient  24 hour access, towel service, variety of fitness classes and parking gives this fitness center the edge.
I recommend this gym to everybody looking for a full service facility.
The different trainers gives it a good mix being that everyone has their own style.
Cko south charlotte is an awesome gym family to join if you're looking for one!
With over 450 boulder problems and over 120 roped routes, there is climbing to match any fitness or experience level.
Origin also has a compound weight lifting class on wednesdays with a trufusion instructor, but it's an additional $10.
The weight/cardio room is always open for use though, as is the world class training center.
The gym is really easy to get to from either the 215 or the 95 and there's plenty of parking.
The weight room is on the smaller side but the quality of what they have in there is great.
They do kids classes and will train/certify adults to actually properly use the climbing ropes.
I appreciated the offer of a free 45 minute personal assessment from  suzy campbell, a personal trainer.
I often see her helping out in the different departments, front desk, gym area, child care room,etc.
I witnessed her kind demeanor specially to the elderly population of the gym.
I absolutely love this gym!
In addition to the above services there's a salon, health club/gym and a restaurant that serves healthy food.
No need to feel gym-timidation with this group of people...everyone has been very welcoming and supportive.
I would highly recommend checking out perpetual fitness!
I would recommend ron to anyone looking for a results driven trainer!
For the price you pay and for what you get, this gym is great!
I needed a gym that wouldn't require me to have a climbing partner to get in some routes.
Compared to the other gyms in town, this has to be the cleanest with the coldest a/c!
I see a lot of reviews that the gym is too small.
I personally like smaller gyms so if you don't like smaller gyms, then go elsewhere maybe?
This gym is just plain awesome.
For those of you that have not been to an anytime fitness, they are just that.
You are given a key fob that will allow you to access any of their gyms nationwide anytime.
I go back to visit family in oklahoma and can go to the gyms there.
Just a "let me show you around the gym" and "here is our pricing"  done.
I really like this gym.
Gyms like that make me nuts.
I enjoy lifetime fitness due to the fact its fun, motivated, friendly people working out.
For a 24hr gym to be clean is sometimes hard to find.
Brian and maurice are the best personal trainers ever!!
I can't wait to train with them again (:
Circuit style interval training, one min on the bike and one min off doing exercises on the floor.
Amazing walls for bouldering with many routes, also have auto belay systems and equipment for calisthenics and gymnastics.
Something i noticed that was different from many gyms and trainers i have worked with, the environment.
I can't recommend lifestyles enough, mention my name and mark will add more weight to any workout.
I absolutely loved this gym.
More like a resort than a gym.. everything you want and a lot that you didn't know you wanted.
The staff are some of the kindest and least snobby people i have ever met in a rock gym.
I have never before felt welcomed by the staff at a rock gym.
Great gym so far!
Free meal plan, trainer session, personal trainer plans) he was otherwise very nice and polite.
I have been a member of eos fitness since before this location opened up!!!
I started my personal training  with jesse needles in february and it has been an amazing journey thus far!!!
Everyone is friendly and i feel at home at this gym!!!
Thank you eos fitness for an amazing gym!
I have been an la fitness member for ~9 months originally joining this club on power road.
Kristin b. is the personal training director there.
Planet fitness is a great concept.
That would make this a dream gym!
The gym was never anywhere near crowded, allowing you the opportunity and freedom to work through equipment as you pleased.
I absolutely love the freedom that anytime fitness gives you to go whenever you want.
The fitness area by far is up there for a hotel.
This is a cute little bouldering gym in the heart of tremont.
I love this gym especially taking mixxed fit sequeena.
By far the best crossfit gym in the whole phoenix metropolitan area.
I am so sad to be leaving for college soon since i found this awesome gym!
Overall i had a good experience at this gym.
Besides this the gym is phenomenal.
I am trying out this gym maybe i'll join maybe not.
Fortunately i'm not new to gyms and found what i needed.
This is a great gym if you like to work out mid-day or late evening (about 8 pm).
This is a really good gym.
Theres plenty of machines to use and they also have a free weight area.
So far i don't have any negatives about this gym.
;-)  overall: it's a great gym with good staff and equipment.
- free weights: there are smith machines, squat racks, incline benches, flat benches, and barbells up to 90lbs.
Here's what i like: - staff: they greet me by name every time i walk into the gym.
They really seem to care about my fitness.
(i recommend that for all gyms.)
Need some training help?
This was the first place i ever tried hiit/group training; it was the best.
The trainers have always been extremely nice and professional.
I would give my trainer, sue feder 5+ stars.
If you want personal training you need to ask for her.
I love this gym!
Always clean and not 'meat markety' like the bigger gyms.
Going to a gym is not my favorite thing to do.
This gym has got to be one of the smallest i've been to but very nice.
This gym is bigger than gymboree, with a variety of gymnastics apparatus.
My daughter enjoys this gym very much and we will continue to take here here.
I absolutely love this gym.
Best of all, they offer the most amazing aerial fitness classes.
Air fitness will kick it harder.
I suspect it will involve upside down crunches, which we did once in air fitness, and it nearly killed me.
The cardio and weights floor is like you have never seen before.
I love the rows and rows of cardio equipment.
It is a pretty standard gym as far as equipment goes.
They have a small woman's gym which is good but it only has one ab machine and two treadmills.
My kids like it enough that they pressure me to come to the gym.
This gym is very clean, great equipment (in great condition), with many options to vary your workout.
I was greeted by celeste who introduced herself and offered to show me around the gym.
I do hiit cardio and lift a bit of weights.
Lovely prompt staff and clean gym.
I'm not from lv but it was nice to stop by for quick run and weight on a holiday.
My trainer nick is amazing.
Good climbing gym with lockers,  reasonable rates, and friendly instructors.
If you live i n las vegas this is the gym to go to!
I absolutely love this fitness center which is focused around the largest indoor climbing facility in nevada.
There is a full fitness studio as well as yoga classes that are available besides the climbing.
So if you're looking for an interesting gym alternative, consider origin.
I trust his experience and the manner in which he trains me.
So, if you are considering "investing" in a trainer--you may want to consider travis--you will not be disappointed.
I've been going to this gym and i love it!
The trainers are caring, encouraging and give tips for proper form and cheer us on!
I went back to the gym this morning and had a great work out.
The gym has everything you need, pool, fitness classes, plenty of machines and a weight area.
This gym is awesome and priced great.
(basketball, racquetball, etc) i would highly recommend this gym to anyone who lives/works in the downtown area.
So, i am a huge fan of legacy mma pretty obsessed with that gym.
So i walked over to the crossfit gym next door.
So i waited and walked around and then the trainer walked over and introduced himself.
This gym, the people who workout there, the coaches have changed my life.
Excellent selection of machines and free weights.
These three things popped into my head as i entered the gym for the first time.
Forgot to mention best ventilation system/feel in all extreme fitness locations i been to so far.
This gym has the best classes and instructors.
Overall it's my favorite gym i've been to, and i've been to at least 5 in the area.
I recently had to switch my home gym from brookpark to north olmsted.
...it's not just a gym, it's a lifestyle!
It is an awesome facility as far as gyms go in the area.
It's a gym with great equipment variety, friendly staff,  power bars and eleiko plates.
This is the best anytime fitness in all of las vegas , especially with the new 2 level location !
You can't beat the price for a boutique seven hills gym.
Best gym i have ever been to.
Update on the trainer i recommended- he has moved to the north hills la fitness.
It is by far the best gym i have ever been to.
Everything is spread out and there are enough machines and weights so i never really find myself waiting for anything.
I wish teh wall was open as long as the gym is!
You schedule these classes with a trainer and are usually either alone or with very few people.
I loved how one-on-one the training was and how quickly i was able to learn the movements.
It has been about 6 months now and i am absolutely in love with this gym.
Crossfit apollo is very family oriented and the trainers are patient and knowledgeable.
Aside from improving my physical fitness, i have also made a great group of friends at the gym.
If you are considering trying crossfit, stop by this place to try out a class and check out the gym.
Honestly, they could charge a lot more for the value you're getting at ufc gym.
Oh yeah, there are 30-40 bags and all of the weights, treadmills, and other exercise equipment you could possibly need.
I came to this gym suffering from severe chronic back pain.
That my friends is worth its weight in gold.
Speaking of weight, i've been shedding some serious lbs and am starting to see my body totally transform.
Overall, this gym deserves a shot.
Ufc gym deserves to be staple of our neighborhood for a very long time to come.
The owner and his wife are committed to being the most proactive and responsible gym owners in vegas.
I was proud to call this my gym.
Lifetime fitness is an awesome gym.
The classes are awesome and they have many different options depending on your fitness level.
Complaint i would have which makes me not give this gym 5 stars is the cleanliness in the gym classes.
Pieces of hair laying on the wooden gym floors.
Other than the dirty floors in the gym classes this is a great gym and i'd definitely recommend it.
-also, lawrence schlett is an amazing trainer there too.
It's like having a personal trainer but in a class setting so it's very motivating.
This is my favorite gym location.
Wonderful upbeat training staff, knowledgeable and courteous.
I've been training for the past few months with brandon.
Excellent people, excellent gym!
There's plenty of cardio machines, so weights are the only things that require some waiting.
Its a 24hour gym.
The cardio theater was awesome.
Excellent free weight set-up, and the showers are fantastic.
Best gym and training team ii have had the pleasure to work with.
I highly recommend grabbing a personal trainer for positive results.
I wish every lifetime fitness had one.
I love the variety of fitness machines.
I had checked out several other gyms in the area and did not feel welcomed by the staff.
When i walked into fitness 19, drew greeted me, gave me a tour, and explained the membership information.
This gym has a large membership but never feels crowded.
I don't have to wait for the weight or cardio machines.
I applied the savings to get personal training sessions with rob, who is a great motivator.
Az training lab is a great small format fitness studio.
Classes start with a stretch, then you go through a circuit of weights, resistance and/or cardio moves.
The various weight machines are great-so many different types to keep muscle memory down.
And the free weight and cross fit area are huge!!
Leon and francois are really great trainers.
Spark cross fit is an amazing gym where the owners personally help you reach your fitness and nutrition goals.
The workout community at this gym is supportive and helpful.
I was originally skeptical about starting cross fit but this gym has completely changed my mind!
My favorite part about the gym is their hours and how many machines there are available.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone!
Gym is clean, staff is always friendly & the equipment is pretty nice.
The staff is friendly and attentive, the facility is clean and doesn't distract from your fitness goals.
Ben is the most savvy trainer i have ever met.
He explains workouts and goes at the same pace as his personal training clientele.
Az training lab is results driven, professional, and at the top of their game.
Az training lab is committed to their client's success... and it shows.
Great gym with great classes and instructors.
And secondly for personal trainer david k. i would highly recommend him as your personal trainer.
This is a nice gym, although it's doesn't have the variety of machines and rooms as some other pf's do.
So, although this gym lacks in size and equipment variety (i.e.
There is just enough equipment so that i've never had to wait for a cardio machine.
I have been completely spoiled having this gym nearby!
After coming to this gym for almost a year, i'm actually a little surprised by the low star reviews.
The trainer was amazing.
There is the cardio cinema upstairs.
Despite the sign in the gym, the website isn't typically updated with the month to month listing of movies.
But guys make sure to clean your equipment in the cardio cinema when you're done.
The upstairs is full of cardio equipment, most having ipod hookups and tv's.
The downstairs is full of weights and other random machines that i have no need for but are always occupied.
Like any other gym this place gets full after normal work hours and then people complain.
After going to the gym, i like eating at one of the local restaurants so that's what makes it convenient.
One of the biggest anytime fitness gyms i've been to.
*the instructors i had were motivational and the workouts were a good combo of cardio and strength training.
I've been a member of this gym for a little over a year.
I have also had kristoff as my trainer.
It's a little on the small side and some of the cardio equipment could use some updating.
I'm now mentally and physically motivated to continue my fitness journey as well as join the south end location.
I highly recommend you join this no judgement, customer service driven gym!
So much cheaper than the climbing gyms i'm used to in ca!
I'm sure it's just one of their safety policies but i have never been to a gym like that.
There is rock climbing, a full scale gym with treadmills, weights, and the works.
The classes are an intense and fun workout for all people with different fitness levels.
The trainers are knowledgeable, professional and courteous.
The prices for memberships and classes are affordable and very reasonable compared to other studio and gyms.
Crossfit apollo is such an awesome gym!
I like that because some workouts feel redundant at other non-crossfit gyms.
I have been going to this gym for 2 years, and i love it!
Gym is always clean, bathrooms are always clean, and there is plenty of equipment!
When i come back to las vegasi will only visit this gym!
When comparing this place to an lvac or 24 hour, planet fitness is definitely less "hardcore."
They preach healthy lifestyles while emphasizing they aren't your typical gym.
Otherwise, they have tons of cardio, dumbbells and barbells, as well as machine weights.
If they simple had a few more free weight setups it would have been 5 stars for me.
It took forever to find a good gym for me and i'm so glad i chose this one!
My main goal is to gain weight/muscle and i couldn't do it without the personal trainer they provided, morgan.
10/10 would recommend the gym, 12/10 would recommend training with morgan!
I think my favorite part about this gym is the two-story layout.
Not as crowded as other planet fitness locations.
If you are looking for a trainer with great knowledge and the ability to keep you motivated go see art.
I love fitness 5 as much as i love the people i meet there and work out with!
The most amazing gym i have ever experienced.
She was extremely knowledgeable and helpful with everything at the gym.
This gym has every tool imaginable to help you lose/gain/lean out whatever you want to do!
This gym is great new clean equipment and it's open 24 hours a day !!
This gym is fantastic, especially the childcare.
This gym changes the routes very often compared to the other gyms in the las vegas valley.
The gym is always clean, and never over crowded.
Lots of great equipment to chose from and daniel is a great trainer.
This is where the cons come in:on 11/18, i visited the gym w/my daughter for a training session w/daniel.
I've been coming to this gym for 5 years now.
Some of them have swimming pools, basketball courts and cardio movie theaters which is really cool.
$19.95 a month gets you access to all the gyms 24 hours a day.
Every location has all the equipment you will ever need and great personal trainers.
So if you want to get in shape or stay in shape this is the place for you eos fitness.
Boulders is a very nice gym for bouldering, not so much for top-roping.
This is my go to gym almost everyday to be honest.
So i made an appointment with sam to discuss personal training options.
I myself am a personal trainer as well so i have high expectations for anyone who trains me.
I could not be happier with my decision to join this fitness club!
They offer a wide range of programs from kids exercise classes to gymnastics and a whole lot in between.
I train here with my personal trainer and it's extremely nice!
When my co-worker told me about a new cardio gym i should check out, i balked.
Dave is a great trainer and the workouts are always different.
We've taken advantage of the free weights, machines and kids club so far.
Basketball court and group workout rooms off to the back of gym.
Tons of machines, free weights and benches.
Lta is definitely the paradise of gyms.
They are knowledgeable on how to train and keep your body fit as well as maintaining the class entertained holistically.
Thank you lifetime for hiring such talented fitness professionals and treating every fitness journey with respect.
Since moving to las vegas i attend the gym and have attended zumba classes for four years.
I'm writing this review to highlight what and why i love eos gym at sahara.
Having recently undergone weight loss surgery, i knew i had to do my part in getting physically in shape.
I signed up for personal trainer sessions and was paired with morgan frier.
The gym is clean and comfortable.
In fact, i have come to enjoy and look forward to "going to the gym!"
Perfect location, perfect staff, clean gym, functional new equipment, loads of amenities and the best part is the price!!
I believe i am getting a great value for the monthly membership and personal trainer fees i pay.
Very crowded at times but that's the same issue at any gym
You either will hate this gym or love it.
It is more expensive than your average gym but the perks and amenities are well worth it.
There are enough machines and free weights even during peak hours (4-7pm monday-thursday).
There is also a huge functional work out area which i feel like many gyms lack.
All equipment was taken except the cardio machines.
Good customer service from front desk, bailey, who was kind enough to my brother's first experience at the gym.
Nice gym, friendly staff.
Gym is the cleanest gym i've ever seen!
Private gym, pool and tennis courts.
But now i love every minute of my time spent at the gym.
Great new fitness center downtown in img building at e. 9th & st. clair.
I cannot say enough good things about the team at underground fitness!
I've done one on one training several times a week, and love their group sessions as well!
Also, i am so excited to have cardio tramp available in this city.
I do feel that they should include more of their programs (group fitness classes) in the cost of membership.
The gym was stocked with equipment, and had a very efficient layout although it was not an exceptionally large space.
They are adding classes and adding new equipment and improving the overall gym.
The personal training is very affordable.
I would recommend this fitness center to a friend!
I've dropped into many crossfit gyms and camelback crossfit stands tall amongst them all.
This is the key gym for downtown working folks.
Gym pass for the day is included not crowded on weekdays
Very nice and good service from employees and trainers.
The whole gym is very clean with high quality equipment.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
This is the ultimate luxury recreational center and gym!
It's unlike any other gym i've been to: beautiful locker rooms with complimentary disposable razors, cotton swabs, hair dryers, etc.
The cardio machines are all top notch and touch screen, the latest technology in cardio machines.
I think they put more emphasis on the cardio section possibly for all the housewives and stay at home mom's.
I am lucky enough to have experience this gym even if it was for a couple of hours!
Regardless, this is a beautiful gym.
When it comes to gyms this is the best of the best.
I've been training with jason for close to 2 years.
I have been working out with a trainer (jose) since day one.
The gym is very nice.
It's one of the best upscale gyms in charlotte.
Great access to fitness experts.
Back in 2010 i joined eos formally golds gym.
I just joined this gym.
It is a gay establishment with full nudity and private room, mazes, shower, sauna, steam room, gym.
They do offer specials during off hours, free wifi, computer terminals, mini-gym.
Challenging, cardio infused barre workout.
I've been a member at la fitness for a long time  great gym!
I travel over 50 miles (round trip) to train with coach nate.
Golds has always been the og in the weight training industry.
Notably my personal trainer guillermo and manager maurice.
Overall i'm very satisfied with my experience at this eos fitness location.
People of all fitness levels do the class and you do what you can.
I started going because i was lifting weights at lvac, but not shredding the fat around my stomach.
Awesome gym full of all equipment needed for serious lifters.
Not your regular commercial gym ~ mostly for serious athletes but have some great turf for crossfit too.
My favorite gym in phoenix.
I was attracted to the women's center, and the childcare aspect of this gym.
I am currently on the gold plan ($19.95 a month membership with unlimited group fitness classes).
Functional fitness workouts are better than anything i have experienced.
At functional fitness i get pumped to see what the newest workout is jermail and justin have in store.
Give functional fitness a try today!
Love this gym & its diverse users.
They explained the workout format and asked me questions in order to get to know my fitness and health background.
I have been a member at la fitness for over 4 years.
The gym fits all my needs, various machines and good hours.
I haven't committed to the personal training program yet.
You will get personal training/coaching without the price tag.
A great gym if you just want improve you health and life.
It's a two story but the top floor is like half a floor and mainly for cardio and group class.
The first floor is where the locker rooms, free weights and machines are.
The bad:  why can't all 24 hour fitness be the same?
The most trainer ever .. will be on my   schedule faithfully love her
I also have worked with several personal trainers, particularly danny and rudy, who are amazing.
I would recommend andrew and the scottsdale personal training team to anyone, no matter what your goal is!
Great no frills gym!
If you are serious about getting in shape, this is the gym!
I joined this gym about a month ago and have had nothing but fantastic experiences.
Like another user said, the approach to fitness here is really refreshing.
I wish all gyms could space out their machines and areas.
Overall i recommend this gym to those who want to stay on a budget.
I really appreciate the cinema, i think it's cool because you almost forget your at the gym.
The staff is super friendly, and the gym is always very clean.
It is a great gym at a great value.
This is a top notch 24 hr fitness!
Mostly importantly, they have tons of everything from free weights to cardio to machines.
Although this gym is a little out  of the way, i plan on coming back.
Overall its a tad bit expensive and having a contract sucks but its the best gym around in my opinion.
I asked for a 2 week pass for him to try the gym and was told no.
That left a horrible taste in his mouth and he hates the gym now.
I'm on my third trainer who is good but again i feel like i'm always being told to buy stuff.
They also have events included in your membership like rock climbing wall, kids gym, and yoga.
He is the manager though so he can't train people.
I train with jacob now and he created a weekly plan for me too when we don't train together.
I really love going to this gym.
I highly recommend this trainer when you are ready to take it to the next level.
The gym is nice.
Love the gym it is worth it.
Poor communication but still a great gym!
You get a great workout with professional trainers and i am feeling great !
My trainer jake page is the best he motivates me to want to keep up my results !
I love working out at eos fitness!
I have trained with kaylee and angela and both trainers have kicked my butt and challenged me.
I have definitely toned up a lot and feel motivated to go the gym.
Honestly, it's a great gym for the price!
The best gym i have ever had a membership to!!
So far i've been loving this gym.
Other then that i would  refer this gym to anyone looking for a good place to workout.
Good, bare-bones gym to lift free weights and more.
I see gym-rats and seniors here working it (and occasionally, senior gym-rats).
The one trainer i saw in action seemed to be a good listener, and was in good shape himself.
And their post-workout drink selection includes the one i like to get at my l.a. gym.
I visited this gym for the first time a few days ago and i had a blast!
It was my first time climbing at a gym and i was really nervous about how the night would go.
Every single trainer is knowledgable and friendly (at least outside of class).
When i moved to scottsdale about 2 years ago, i toured a lot of the fitness centers in the area.
The fitness area feels very open and spacious and it is very easy to maneuver around all of their equipment.
Plus, they have a variety of different machine which makes it easy to change your cardio routine.
In my tour of about 5 scottsdale fitness centers, i didn't see another one with a steam room.
I lift daily and don't feel that this gym is missing anything.
Fantastic gym, great equipment and great staff.
I really like this gym.
Lol and the free weights are like an ocd's nightmare.
Weights don't correspond because we have the mish mosh of hand me downs.
Gym equipment is so expensive, then maintenance then replacements and paying staff to keep everything sanitary and clean.
My plan includes cardio equipment and classes.
Anyway, i'm happy with this gym.
Love the group fitness.
:p  so now for the nitty-gritty, the gym and facilities itself!
This gym is very large and they have a lot of equipment which is a huge plus!
But like all gyms, people eventually give up and acceptable crowd levels resume around mid february ;-).
When the gym isn't busy it's actually quite nice because it's spacious, bright and there's a lot of equipment.
My issue with the crowd is that the majority have awful gym etiquette!
I think signs/reminders about gym etiquette help as well rather than just putting it on the tvs.
Overall, one of the better gyms i've been to.
The people without gym etiquette is what ruins it from being perfect.
This is the greatest gym i've ever been to.
I come to the gym almost every day, now.
This isn't the gym you visit for an hour, this place makes you feel welcomed to stay flute awhile.
For example, i'm training to run a marathon and my wife is training to play roller derby.
I also love that she doesn't focus on "weight loss".
It's all about strength and endurance training.
Any weight loss is just a side effect of getting in shape, getting active, and building up some muscle.
I'm happier with this gym than any other i've had a membership at, including lifetime, at 1/6 the cost.
The gym is new, clean, has many classes of all kinds, is open 24/7, and is so close by!
This gym has everything you need for functional fitness, cardio, bodybuilding and even rehab.
The best thing here are the trainers hands down.
She always has a positive attitude and is supportive in reaching your fitness goals.
He gets you and the rest of the class running and lifting weights to help shed those pounds.
Impact bootcamp is awesome and so is the trainer steve.
I started with various trainers here in la and made some small progress.
We discussed my fitness goals and it was evident from the beginning that he took them seriously.
He worked with me to develop an optimal training regimen to help me reach my goals.
We started by optimizing my fitness status and improving my diet.
Over time my body fat had decreased substantially and our fitness goals evolved.
It was now time to start trying to put on weight and lean muscle mass.
There is no question that personal training requires a significant investment, both financially and with your time.
If you are looking for a serious and committed personal trainer, you have found him.
I'm really happy with this gym.
I've been going to this crossfit box/gym for months now.
They have multiple crossfit sessions a day in addition to weightlifting, open gym and other classes.
Whether you live in the area or just visiting the town, i highly recommend this gym.
I first stepped into this gym with zero crossfit experience back in november of 2015.
Incredible gym and staff.
Everything is great from kristen upfront, all the coaches to the way the whole gym is set up!
This is a great gym, and my favorite title location in the valley.
In four years i've had at least eight trainers at eos/gold's and sully is honestly tied as my favorite.
Eos needs to do whatever they can do to keep sully, and similar quality trainers like him, at the gym!
I've have toned, strengthened, lost weight and become faster.
I used to be a regular at la fitness but cancelled after moving.
This is a no-frills gym, but has everything you need.
I would recommend ilkb to anyone who wants a great workout and a cool gym to call home.
Came into the gym tonight at an unusual time of 11:30pm on a saturday and it was amazing!
Nestled within the monte carlos hotel, this huge hotel fitness center is amazing.
You must be 18 yrs or older to use their fitness center.
Formerly known as tap ur fitness.
This gym is great for powerlifters!
Also they have several pairs of each weight of dumbbells going up to 150lbs.
The gym is not very busy except for monday nights, but that is everywhere.
You occasionally see some hot gym bunnies.
Not many though so if that's what you look for in a gym you won't find it here.
Overall a pretty solid gym for powerlifters and bodybuilders.
My only negative about this gym is that it is very cliquey.
The studio is a small locally owned and run studio/gym.
Lots of space, lots of cardio machines.
The top 3 reasons that made me quit my two other gyms and join mountainside:  1.
For early morning exercisers, this is a big step up from most other gyms.
Workout equipment - a large assortment of free weights, sophisticated machines, kettlebells, foam rollers and the trx system with racks.
They even offer a discount if you turn in your previous gym's key-ring pass.
One of the best gyms i've ever been to!
Kane kicks your butt in the gym and really makes you sweat the second you walk in the door.
This gym is very personable and truly cares about each client.
Best climbing gym in town!
Be ready for some serious cardio eric- likes to work out each part of the body completely, then move on.
First time i went dead-lifting by myself, i struggled changing the weights.
Besides the helpful staff, this gym has manyyy amenities.
The new gym is open.
The facility is in great shape, plenty of equipment and never a wait for any of the cardio equipment.
Their trainers and staff were the absolute best!
The gyms, especially gramercy, were amazingly well kept, clean, modern.
Definitely a great place to start if you're looking to lose weight, get buff, start eating right, doesn't matter.
I am a motivated person and i went to the gym regularly.
Love this place enjoyed my first visit wish they had this gym in my area of  california
It was a different gym chain and apparently it was bought out by eos fitness.
This gym is amazing.
On the other hand, i have yet to achieve all of my fitness goals.
Upstairs i walk past the fitness instructor desk.
A fitness instructor smiles at me in the mirror.
He asks me my fitness goals and what i like to do at lifetime.
He asks me if i have done my fitness assessment.
Their website is full of information and the online group fitness calendar is always up to date.
I consider this a smaller gym, but it has everything you need for a good work out.
Air conditioning keeps the whole gym nice and cool 6.
I was visiting from houston, tx and the customer service was exceptional and the gym was clean.
After an extended break from exercise i popped into az training lab.
Smaller group training is available.
Personal training is offered as well.
If you are looking for a personal trainer i highly recommend dave.
I love eos fitness !!!
I've been to a lot of anytime fitnesses in the area and this one is the largest.
It has an upper level full of highly upgraded cardio machines.
A crossfit room to do functional fitness.
A fitness studio with free classes.
It's very spacious and everyone at the gym is very welcoming.
They put a lot of emphasis on keeping the gym clean and it defintiely shows.
This gym is awesome and i cannot say enough positive things about the instructors, workouts and other members!!
I have never liked gyms and traditional workouts.
I train with myk b at eos and love it!
Using a trainer 2-4 times a week is great.
I see many people at this gym using trainers and i think that's great!
Best trainer in town is by far lina bronner.
Lifetime gym is on the high end for monthly costs but i believe its well worth it.
I was really getting bored with the gym.
The street name of this location says it all - there is hope for mass market fitness centers.
Row after row of treadmills, bikes and other cardio equipment prevented any waiting for machines, even that the busiest hours.
I've worked out with the trainers at underground for about 6 months now and love the results!
After years of trying different gyms and work out programs i think i've finally found the place for me.
The trainers are great, positive, and the place has a real sense of community.
Overall it is a nice local gym.
I highly recommend elev to anyone bored of working out in a gym.
All of the coaches are wonderful and provide one on one training and encouragement.
Hands down the best crossfit gym in the valley.
And  love the gymnastics classes, teaching the proper form for muscle ups, kipping, all that cool stuff.
Love love love this gym!
I love this gym!
Thank you planet fitness!
Very happy to be back at this gym after joining a competitor for a year.
I have been going to this gym for 5 months.
Clean gym and good pricing!
My trainer at eos is the best!
This is a great gym!
I just started my membership at eos fitness and clay was awesome.
This gym is perfect for someone who wants to work out in a clean and friendly atmosphere.
The classes are sooo much fun and the teachers are top notch for this family gym!
Cardio upstairs, weights downstair.
The bonus at this gym is meeting mario, the owner.
There's plenty of cardio machines, classes if you need that kind of motivation (like i do!!
Overall the gym was clean, all equipment looked in working order, and the staff was friendly and helpful.
This is a work out and head out gym, there's no pool or restaurant.
They have classes, cardio and of course weights.
I drive over 15 miles from henderson to come the this gym on mondays for justin's body combat class.
They also have some new fun cardio equipment
Very small and private gym.
They are moving very close by and getting new equipment as well as upsizing free weights space.
Racquet network staff never fail to refer squash players who live in this area to fitness plus.
In addition to a house box league, fitness plus is home to several teams in the calgary interclub squash league.
This gym is like a sports club.
We have been very happy with fitness forum.
I cancelled my other gym membership when i lived in california because of being harassed in the sauna!
Super good deal compared to the other gyms here in las vegas.
Atl is an awesome clean arcadia gym with a signature 40min fat burning bootcamp!
The workouts are intense yet doable, the trainers are positive, supportive and push you to keep going!
This is a new gym with excellent equipment.
This is our first gym with childcare.
It's a lot smaller than most modern climbing gyms but the problems are good and hard.
The gym is small which i like.
I made it 8 minutes into 12 minute bikini butt once on fitness on demand.
As a busy mom, i love this gym bc it has convenient hours and good classes.
I have been to many gyms and a couple of personal  trainers.
This gym is so much more enjoyable to work out in!!
Best gym in las vegas they care about you and your health & fitness goals.
Love the small gym feel and the motivation from all the members.
The best gym ever!!!!!
It may be an old hospital but the service is really good and the doctors are well trained.
I have been a fan of planet fitness for years, starting with the north canton location.
Overall, i love this gym and and plan on being a long time member.
My go to gym during the week for several years!
Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes, equipment, swimming, basketball courts, track, lockers and towel service!
Kinda lost count how many slices i had every time but keep it up planet fitness!
The trainer was amazing.
My husband and i joined this snap fitness because it was close to our home.
We were members of another snap fitness when we lived in nashville.
Hotel guests get a special rate to the aquavana sections and fitness center.
The fitness center is nice, clean, and has towels and infused waters for you.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone and everyone :)
In the end the gym has really nice step up, and the community was really welcoming as well.
I like this fitness center in every way... except the price is a bit steep.
This is not a "gym" thank goodness.
You can add on personal training sessions, nutrition management at a cost.
There aren't a lot of bells and whistles; just focused training.
I absolutely love this gym,  since the new management took over this gym has become so much better.
Trainers are all awesome, they help you on the proper technique.
Would recommend this gym to everyone
This is my home gym.
The weight area is well appointed with tons of dumbbells, chains, bars and machines.
Work around me, gym rats.
Everyone that works here is very friendly and makes it comfortable to be at a gym environment.
Great fitness center in chandler!
This is a family owned business that offers a wide variety of classes and personal training.
They offer reasonable prices to members and a no-frills gym.
I definitely recommend this gym if you are serious about getting in shape.
I can't say enough about this gym!
Cons:  -personal training can get pricey, but the trainers there are absolutely worth the money.
They are well trained, well educated, and very good at their jobs.
Shoutout to kate whose an amazing trainer and knows exactly how to push you to your limits.
The student discount is generous too compared to other gyms.
Guy is awesome, and is definitely one of the cleanest gyms i've walked into.
This particular la fitness manages to be well patronized pretty much around the clock while never being packed.
La fitness is not a "luxury" gym, but it has pretty much everything you'd want at a reasonable price.
He knows all of the members, and you'll frequently find him mingling and trying to make the gym better.
Very clean, new, and updated gym.
Has everything someone needs to workout... without all the fluff and nonsense of huge gyms.
We visited this mygym yesterday.
He is very encouraging and seems like he gets to know all the guests at fitness for 10.
Also the gym has an awesome selection of tanning beds.
Even if this isn't the biggest or fanciest gym/tanning place, you can't beat the price or the customer service.
I've been through every fitness program and workout that's been marketed and nothing gets it done like these reformers do.
Since i was in middle school, i patronized the 24 fitness at west sahara and cimarron.
I loved that gym: large, well maintained, friendly staff and people.
Cardio machines are in the area closed to the stairs, with weights on the other side of the floor.
Lots of weights as well, though i personally prefer free weights over machines.
There is also a "personal training area" where trainers work with their clients, but is open to everyone.
It's basically a plyometric and functional fitness area, with rope, medicine balls, kettle balls and stools for jumping.
I went with five, because this place is practically perfect except for the organization problem with the free weights.
This is a an excellent gym, however, and is the best 24 i have ever been to.
Personal training area for plyometrics friendly and courteous staff.
Cons small basketball court disorganized dumbbells in the free weights area.
They have nice training areas and the setting is varied and interesting.
Whether you just started or have been climbing for a long time, this gym with help you progress!
This gym is like family and i can't think of a better place to spend my free time.
No matter what level of fitness you're at, there's a place for you at spark.
It's a very quiet gym.
You will be given an access code which you will use to enter the gym.
I love the cardio, variety of movements and strength training.
Lots of windows along the cardio wall so it is a great environment.
I came in here for some r & r until i saw the gym.
The gym doesn't smell like an abundance of sweaty men.
The staff members are helpful and keep the equipment working properly and the gym is always very clean.
They've redesigned the children's center and aquatics center... plus the gym has all new equipment.
Gym is a great size and music was on point!
This gym is really nice!
This is a nice and clean gym.
The fitness area uses current equipment that is in great shape.
Another bugaboo is that the tvs in the fitness area seem to be well beyond their expiration date.
They have a great set of exercise machines, and a large weight room area.
Been a member for years great staff love my trainer!!
They worked with me to get me a training package to meet my needs and budget.
Manager even threw in an bonus thanks gold's gym!!
Had the pleasure of doing a personal training session (hiit style) with marcus a couple of days ago!
I just joined this gym and i'm literally in love with this gym.
I have been to a lot of gyms and this one is top notch!
Derek & brian run a great gym and its easy to see why this place is growing so quickly.
If you're thinking of joining a crossfit gym, crossfit480 is the only place to go!
By far my absolute favorite boutique fitness workout.
I could easily join a gym much closer to my house but it's worth the drive across town.
Kane is the boss when it comes to personal training, and you'll notice results within the first week!
Corey is my personal trainer and he is a nice guy who knows how to work it.
So  many of the other trainers won't.
Love the pool and the gym later at night when it is less crowded.
I recently joined fbbc after many months of zero motivation to get back into a gym.
There was every only just another couple or two in the gym at the same time as me.
Being new to the area i wanted a 24/7 gym like i had in california.
I tried planet fitness first but i had to drive 15 to the closest one.
Free weights, battle ropes, a room with spinning bikes, bathrooms with showers and a tanning bed.
Can't really complain except nobody re racks their weights.
I recently moved to az and was browsing through gyms in the local area.
I went to a few gyms that were underwhelming and then found lifetime.
Top notch crossfit gym.
I've dropped into a lot gyms while traveling and highly recommend this one.
I've recently switched to this gym from the good experience.
I recently joined la fitness on power road in mesa, az.
If you're looking for a personal trainer who really knows his business, james is your guy!
If you are looking for a workout, check out metro fitness club.
I've got to say that the training looked intense and no doubt it will for sure get you in shape.
A great fitness experience!
The trainers are professional, knowledgeable and truly care about helping their clients achieve results.
If you are looking to improve your health i highly recommend underground fitness!
Personally i like this location for the reasons it's a gym.
This gym has more than one of most equipment.
We really enjoy this gym!!
The guy on reception was friendly and welcoming and i will give this gym a try.
The only reason i couldn't give this place 5 stars was the lack of cleaning solution/disinfectant around the gym.
Highly recommend this gym!!!
This is a tremendous gym, with absolutely everything you need.
Mark is a stellar trainer who tailors workouts to fit your specific goals and fitness levels.
He didn't pressure me or anything just made sure the gym met my needs.
Also, the gym was not very crowded, even at 5pm, which was great.
Staff is super chill and friendly, and so are the other gym members.
Steve works with each new student to help them achieve their own and personal fitness goals.
Green valley has the best staff trainers and facility in vegas or actually out of any gym i've been too.
When choosing a gymnastics studio for my (then) 20 month old daughter i went to 5 different gymnastic places.
I've been coming to this gym for a while now and i've enjoyed my time here.
This is a great gym for anyone that does not want to deal with the lvac's of the world.
The layout of the gym is well organized.
They have all the cardio and weight machines up front.
Then there is a wall in the middle that leads to the free weights in back.
The staff and trainers are very friendly and helpful.
Trainers are very knowledgeable and are courteous whenever i have wanted to ask any questions about nutrition or workout inquiries.
Also, i have had a great experience with other people who go to the gym as well.
Overall, i think this is a great gym for people that want to go and get a good workout in.
Great environment to come and workout without the chaos of the bigger gyms.
I've tried gym memberships, hot yoga, using kettlebells at home, turbofire, running.. and the list goes on and on.
Plus, it's one of the best priced crossfit gyms in the valley.
There is more variety of equipment than my home gym location downtown.
Very clean gym and signed up today.
No fitness studio (so no fitness classes like you see at other gyms)  definitely some cool features and perks!
If you're looking for a great place to start your fitness journey, it is here.
I've never met a group of fitness trainers more dedicated to their jobs.
He is also a great trainer, he knows his stuff!
I tried pulse fitness' free 14 day challenge recently, and it was a good experience.
They first sit with you to understand your fitness goals.
The trainers know what they're doing and make sure you're doing the exercises correctly.
Regardless of your fitness level, the coaches help you get the most out of each workout.
Not a bad gym.
I have a solid trainer.
The best all around gym in the area.
Yes, this place costs more than other gyms but it is well worth it.
It weeds out a lot of the riff raff that you do not want in a luxury gym.
This is my favourite gym to which i've ever had a membership.
Great gym, great service.
There are times that i have the entire gym to myself.
Since that time, we have opened a new facility, entirely outfitted by christian's fitness factory.
Our gym is based out of southern california.
Loyal customer & gym owner
This definitely is a place for circuit training it kicked my butt!!
Just walking in the gym felt awesome!
I love this gym.
I just found about this gym and it is by far the nicest and cleanest facility i have been to.
I would recommend this gym to everyone at all levels of fitness.
You can't help but get a great cardio workout.
The gym a small one but kinda cozy?
Never really said that about a gym before.
They have all the machines, free weights, and cardio stuff you will need.
Would be nice to set them apart from the rest of the gyms in the area.
This gym's layout is awesome!
All cardio is upstairs and looks out the humongous windows.
The cardio equipment is brand new too!
I've been a member at large gyms with a lot of fluff-- they smell bad and it's crowded.
This is the first gym that i've ever joined.
Highly recommend this gym for all levels of fitness!
The absolute best gym in the area and i know, because i have tried them all.
Each day the focus is in a different muscle group or cardio.
It's not just a gym, it's a community.
I have struggled with my weight and food my entire life.
You won't find a better gym.
They have plenty of cardio and weight machines.
If i lived in the area, i would definitely sign up to this gym.
- the people that frequent the gym are friendly, at least all the ones i've interacted with.
- both the bouldering and rope routes are interesting and challenging, more so than i've seen at other gyms.
Mind and body strengthening is a terrific boutique facility and scott marsh is an incredible trainer.
That gym would have a personal locker room attendant to see to your every grooming need and pleasure.
A 5 star gym has women wondering around that are all fitness and swimsuit models.
Face it guys; no gym has this.
Face it ladies, the only gym where you will find guys described above is an exclusive gym for gay men.
It has every machine and free weight combination you need to accomplish your goals.
They have the cardio machines and availability of cycling classes.
Smaller gold's gym then some of the other ones, that's why they call it an express gym though.
Personal trainers are great and will push you harder then you've been pushed before.
Greeted with professionalism and was nice to see a gym care about clients!
I was offered a complementary training session after checking in and staff noticed i still had my session available.
Nice gym and equipment!
I haven't met another trainer nearly as dedicated as him.
He does have a couple other trainers that he works with and they are top notch.
I joined this gym 7 years ago.
Great staff... worked with me on a good price for a membership and a personal trainer...nothing but good things!!!
They offer classes as every fitness level and always offer modifications for beginners and advanced students.
We only paid for use of the pools, gym, etc and didn't get a massage.
We used the wonderful amazing gym that's full of great equipment and the pools were so relaxing.
Tammy polenz is absolutely the best trainer i have ever worked with!
I didn't go to the fitness center but it was pretty big...they also had shops to purchase items as well.
The gym is very clean and there are plenty of machines, stations, and equipments.
I also had a training session w/vince.
If you are looking for a trainer, he's the man you should see.
Traveling for business and dropped in for friday evening class as this gym was close to my hotel.
What i liked best about the gym was the setup inside.
They have a huge space unlike many of the gyms i have visited.
For many people who have never boxed before, the thought of walking in to a boxing gym can be intimidating.
Bkb is not one of those gyms.
Been a member here since 2012 when it was golds gym.
It's pretty evident too that staff/trainers have a high turn over rate.
As a result, i've started to see real progress towards my health and fitness goals.
They also have a small gym focused on equipment to improve your climbing ability.
I highly recommend eos fitness northwest and very highly recommend going in to talk to roman!
This gym is top notch!
If you like the relationship between maverick and goose in top gun, you will love this gym!
High fives and great attitudes from not only victor/kane but all members of the gym.
This is the best gym ever!
Nice facility with boxing ring for practicing skills, trainers and great staff.
Great staff, clean gym and not too busy & on top of all that emilio makes a mean smoothie....
Joined this gym about 4 months ago and so far no complaints.
The staff is friendly, machines are clean and there are tons of cardio machines.
Although i miss group classes that i took at other gyms, you cannot beat the price.
Tv's on cardio machines and center of the gym for your viewing pleasure while you sweat it out.
You can't really get much better than this for a gym in the immediate uptown area.
The locker rooms are kept in pristine condition and the laundry service is an invaluable addition to the gym experience.
This place no many how many or how little people are in the gym you feel comfortable.
I just started training with colin and after 3 sessions i can definitely say i love working out with him!
I have had a personal trainer before and was never pushed as hard as colin pushes me.
Awesome neighborhood gym, excellent equipment and always open!!
Extremely clean and professionally run gym!
At first glance, it doesn't look like much more than any other gym.
For the price, you essentially get a personal trainer every time you go.
My little niece takes gymnastics classes here and she loves it.
This review is only for the fitness area.
Flex and fit is the new gym at the duke energy center and i love it already!
It looks like they will also have spin classes and other workout classes and i saw free weights.
I'm really glad charlotte is finally getting some gyms that you'd normally only find in bigger cities!
Formerly gold's gym, eos fitness seems to have their stuff together.
Also, members of this location are all classy and respectful and that is hard to find when choosing gyms.
A feature i've never seen in any other gym.
At talisman, i could never get a cardio machine - ever.
Easily the best gym i've ever belonged to.
He's grown up learning how important physical fitness is.
The upstairs gym is fully equipped and clean and pool is gorgeous.
Definitely the best designed gym in the city, don't get more cutting edge than origin.
Love the gym and the staff/owners are really passionate climbers.
Nevertheless this is a perfect location to fulfill all my fitness needs.
I've been to a lot of gyms, in many different places.
I can't wait to jump ship @24h and become a member @ anytime fitness.
First off, we all know the usual drawbacks of a gym.
That being said, the uncontrollables aside, it's a large, clean, newish gym.
I like this 24 hour fitness.
If i hadn't been a member at another gym before i'd be confused by a few things.
That's all that really matters in a gym.
My kids are 7 and 5 and they are at different abilities tumbling and gymnastics wise.
I love this gym for so many reasons.
Convenient free parking towel service sauna fully equipped gym always in full working condition.
Great gym for atmosphere,  full court basketball here also.
Great gym for a quick workout when youre in the south part of town.
I love this gym!
The clientele who come to this gym are here to work out.
This program totally rocks, kenoa and other trainers are awesome, equipment is world class, they have everything you can imagine.
I've tried other gyms, hard to beat cac crossfit!
Gyms aren't my favorite, but this one isn't bad if you are looking for gyms in this price range.
Of course, if doesn't compare to your nicer high-end gyms.
I mainly use the cardio area.
The free weight and exercise zone is small and very exposed.
The weight lifting machines are typical and there is no separate section for females.
The gym feels clean and well kept, and the machines are always in good shape.
It doesn't have the factory gym feel because it is small, and it actually has a homey feel to it.
I like the gym design on the inside.
I haven't done classes there or employed a personal trainer, so i can't speak to that.
The centennial hills anytime fitness is now express fitness.
I have never seen a living worker at any of the anytime fitness locations in the north west.
4-the most important reason to go with express fitness: there are a ton of smoking hot chicks here.
As i write this review, i realize that i really gotta get back to the gym.
Combine fitness is amazing.
Like all crossfit gyms, the workouts kick my ass, but the support system that is there is amazing.
Plus, the gym is massive!
Always a different workout, great music and very knowledgeable, motivating and caring trainers.
This gem of a crossfit gym has a great location for our visit to pittsburgh.
They have great trainers, some good group exercise classes (my friend does the trx and swears by it).
Great workout, along with the gym that is connected to the climbing area is very helpful too.
This gym is exactly what i was looking for.
The weight machines are comfortable, clean and in good shape.
I haven't tried the cardio machines, but they look good.
There was a good number of people working with trainers, doing different workouts of varying levels.
The trainers looked down to earth and accessible - they seemed like people who enjoy exercise, rather than bodybuilders.
Awesome trainer with awesome energy.
Very happy with my visit to this gym.
My girls have taken dance, gymnastics and cheerleading at ms. carol's gymkids.
They are really developing impressive skills while training in a fun and supportive environment.
We love ms. carol's gym kids!
Just love this gym!!
I love this gym.
Lifetime is the cadillac of gyms in az.
It was hard going back to my ghetto la fitness location.
This is a one spot stop for all your fitness needs.
I've been to many fitness studios across the city and this is definitely one of my favourites.
Sydney (and the other instructors) are fun, encouraging and offer modifications for all fitness levels.
I hit the gym there.
I do strength training so most of the stuff i do involves free weights.
The gym was pretty good.
Switched from being at 24hr fitness for two years.
I always thought this area of the city deserved some sort of fitness centre.
That means you pay that little to be able to swim, exercise and use the weight room.
We love my gym!
This is the gym that i use the most, and i really like it.
I particularly like the aqua classes and the senior fitness classes.
I have actually followed her to two other gyms for more of her classes.
The trainers aren't waiting to pounce on you as you walk in - also a plus in my book.
Overall very very nice looking gym.
Extremely modern and well equipped, the surface of the gym is very impressive.
This will be a beautiful gym once everything is completed but opening was premature in certain aspects.
Certain areas of the gym are not completed.
Great place for kids to learn gymnastics.
For the price of his gym it comes with a super nice boxing ring and punching bags.
I love this gym and all the staff here
I love this gym, and i love the kids club.
Gym is always super clean.
Of all the climbing gyms i've been to in vegas (i'm a local), i love origin the best.
The weight room, the machines, the locker rooms -- they're all clean and spacious.
Then they go to lift weights.
This is a good option for a big gym bear by.
I've trained with marty quite a bit and have only positives to say!
He's very knowledgeable and fun to be around and chat with during my training sessions!
They hosts events, encourage their members to participate and provide a social aspect for the gym.
It makes you feel like you are part of a club rather than just a member/number at a gym.
Gym is separated with weights on bottom floor and then spin and studio upstairs.
Great trainers, great wod, very motivating.
I've been doing the lunch time bootcamp with trainer gabrielle as well as a few regular classes.
Gabrielle is a great trainer!
I highly recommend matt for anyone who's looking for a personal trainer.
Http://www.mountainsidefitness.com/ocotillo_classes.html  oh, and bring a water bottle.
The kids club is light years ahead of la fitness which i can only describe as nasty and falling apart.
It's tucked away off the main road, but overall a great gym!
This gym has everything you could possibly need and more.
I recommend this gym for anyone.
I came to the cell gym about 18 months ago, looking for a change in my fitness routine.
My first day at the cell gym was not what i expected.
Without a doubt the cell gym/crossfit superstition is next level and what you are looking for too!
I love this gym-  no pressure sales.
Best gym in the area.
Lockers, weight rooms and classes (including yoga!)
I've been to 2 classes so far and even though i'm overweight and dragging behind the class, i love it.
I just finished a 6 week transformation challenge at pulse fitness, and i absolutely loved it.
The team of fitness and nutrition experts give you all the tools to succeed.
I used to go to this gym and i loved it!
This is a pimped out sugar daddy gym.
A nice amenity, for example, are the tvs on the cardio machines (with a place to hold your phone).
When i walked in i was super stoked to see familiar faces from the gym on 20th & highland.
I moved my personal training here as soon as i learned mike was here.
So i had a taste of his training style with a few sessions.
Don't get me wrong, my previous trainer was great, but mike is top of the line.
I feel comfortable walking around the "man section" of the gym now.
If you're looking for personal training mike is * definitely * one of the best options available.
There aren't any near the cardio machines.
Update: in general about la fitness training.
I just went in for a fitness eval and measurements seven months out.
Half cardio and half strength training.
Like the trainers and the front desk staff too.
We were traveling and i generally don't carry a lock for the gym with me.
Cardio equipment is available on the 1st and 2nd levels.
A good variety of  machine and free weights are available.
You'll hear some people bashing the gym because they're against muscle heads etc ... that's not the case .
As long as you don't slam the weights nobody says anything .
All the trainers really care about their clients and are passionate about what they do.
Definitely give this gym a try!
Metro fitness is a beautiful fitness club.
So, not only is the gym top notch, but the trainers and management are spot on.
They take a great interest in your fitness and walk you through the best ways to get your sweat on.
This is a miracle gym!
I have only been going to this gym for about six months.
Although i tried crossfit at another gym, i never got into it and never improved.
The atmosphere at this gym is so welcoming.
Everyone is so welcoming and cool that we have all become friends outside of the gym.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone of any age and any level.
Everyone is welcome for any level of fitness!
Sully has been my personal trainer for two months now.
If your in a need of personal trainer i highly recommend u ask for sully!
Against the ropes boxing gym is such a terrific place and coach ken is beyond just a coach.
He is literally like having a personal trainer at a fraction of the cost!
Michael was an excellent personal trainer.
It is a very clean gym with plenty of spray bottles/towels to wipe things down.
The gym has numerous plate loaded hammer strength machines which are great for bodybuilding.
I would definitely recommend this gym.
There is also a trainer there as well to guide you what exercise you should be doing.
The staffs are friendly and the trainers there are awesome and care about your well being during your exercise!
I've also used non-class hours for personal training and just working out on my own.
My pleasure britney :) it honestly does not compare to any gym i have ever been!!!!
!you guys have done the extra mile to create such an amazing gym to satisfy everyone different needs!!
The masseurs are very well-trained and talented.
I went to this gym a couple years back for a short time.
However,  as far as gyms goes these are the nicest most welcoming and competent people i think you'll find.
The owner, jen and the trainer gabe were both really great people.
My 3 boys have been going to gymkhana since they were toddlers.
This gym is great!
Great small group atmosphere with workouts for all fitness levels!
The canyon ranch spa and gym are amazing.
The spa and gym were huge, clean, and more impressive than i had anticipated.
The trainers make class so fun, and i have to add that they truly make everyone feel welcome here.
This is a smaller gym but don't let that fool you.
This gym is where you actually have people who know you and care if you are there.
I love this gym so much.
The owners will and erin are so passionate about our gym.
He is very professional and knowledgeable about his training and meal plans.
I highly recommend chris at turner fit if you are looking for a trainer.
Great gym, with all of the amenities.
Britni helped me with my initial personal training session.
She's extremely knowledgeable and pulled strings to find a trainer that would accommodate my complicated schedule.
I will definitely be utilizing this location over the dobson la fitness.
Steve is a wonderful trainer and everyone that attends is super motivational.
I have noticed a huge change in how i feel and significant weight loss as well.
My kids beg to go play at the gym which also motivates me to want to go to.
If you were under the impression that you were in shape with your current fitness plan, you were mistaken.
Crossfit 480 has taken my fitness, athleticism, endurance and strength to the next level.
At most gyms, at least 50% of the people are douche bags.
I've been to different crossfit gyms all over the country.
Clean, well equipped, and most important the trainers actually know what they are talking about.
The owner, jason has done an amazing job with this gym!
I'd put on weight, lost energy - and lost discipline.
So i made the decision to get a personal trainer - someone to yell me back into shape.
He connected me with jenelle, a personal trainer at their gym, and we set a date to get going.
They run yoga classes, bootcamps, personal training sessions, dry land training and more.
The workouts i'm doing are a mix of strength training, cardio and intervals.
My trainer made a personalized playlist for when we train.
I love this gym!
I'm trying to get fit and this gym have all the facilities necessary to accomplish my fitness goals .
This was a yelp sponsored event that was both a crossfit and athletic conditioning class the gym offers.
I am providing a review of the class and instructors rather than the overall gym experience.
We did a dynamic warm-up one of which was a weighted sled push.
Absolutely great gym, the outdoor section is kinda small but the best feature.
The fitness manager brian is a real cool guy, knows his stuff and he will hook you up.
Vegas fitness is a hidden gem brimming with athletic equipment.
They have experienced, knowledgable and motivating personal trainers who will customize their plan to fit your ability and desires.
I am so glad it was at this gym.
This was super comforting for someone who has heard horror stories about other gyms.
I avoided going to the gym because i always felt lost and intimidated.
I tried a trial run with a mega gym nearby and also went to my free gym at work.
Big scary gym feels and looks like your about to workout in your buddies garage.
The trainers: dianna: i first began with dianna who was extremely helpful in walking me through the workouts.
Nate: my schedule changed which ended with nate being my trainer for a few weeks.
With nate i started to slowly increase my max weights, he really helped motivate and encourage me.
Max is currently my trainer now and he's absolutely amazing.
He is constantly motivating and challenging you as a coach, trainer, workout buddy, and friend.
I would and do recommend this gym to anybody who asks.
Give it a try, try different trainers and find the right fit for you.
I will definetly be coming back through this gym next time we come through town.
The overall atmosphere of this gym is welcoming and is truly like one big family.
This gym offers something for everyone; from beginner to skilled athlete.
I always look forward to the training sessions, even after a long day at work.
This is the only gym i would join.
Decent sized gym with pretty new equipment.
I have been training here for over a year and it's one of my favorite gyms.
It's generally not as crowded and you don't feel like you're working out next to top models and fitness pros.
I also like the cardio cinema, very different and nice for a weekend workout.
The weight area is ok, a little on the small side for my taste but definitely adequate.
I appreciated that hotel guests got access to a full-sized gym instead of a dinky hotel gym.
I like this gym.
I had a great personal training appointment with frank.
This is my favorite climbing gym.
Also, they offer chalk all over the gym.
The gym is clean and they are very friendly here!
I joined jazzercise because i simply couldn't wander around my gym attempting to get in an unmotivated work out.
Though, i am sad that they took out one of my favorite cardio machines, the stepping machine!
I guess most of you have never had a gym membership before...
If you sign up and read the contract to realize what you're getting into, it's a great gym.
I train with nicole balmes who is amazing and has shown me a love for weightlifting.
While i admit, this gym is very pricey, it is a nicer end gym and worth it.
I used to go to the lifetime in scottsdale and while this gym isn't as nice (maybe it's just 'cleaner'?
So i definitely recommend this gym if you have the moola.
My experience training with dave for the past few months has been awesome.
Thinking about orangetheory fitness?
Otf caters more to sadomasochistic self-flagellating types, but with fitness instead of, you know, other stuff.
Interval training, for those who have yet to experience the pain, is running with a focus on oxygen deprivation.
Kind of like water-boarding, but with more cardio.
I highly recommend this boxing gym!
Coming from someone who is a cardio junkie, it is an amazing workout!
I toured a couple of gyms (which were crowed, smelly meat markets) before i came across this oasis.
They have a nice cross training area for crossfit or cross training workouts too.
This gym has something for everyone!
This 24 hour fitness club has done a complete 180!
I also am a big fan of the layout upstairs with the free weights, machine circuit and cardio equipment.
A huge plus for these types of communal gym spas.
The only problem now is i have no excuses anymore to get out of going to the gym....
Origin climbing is the most recent addition to the climbing gyms in southern nevada.origin just opened today(05/18/15) to the public.
I have been following the progress of the gym on facebook and came last week for a tour.
There is also an awesome climbing training area.
I love this gym, it's quiet clean and i never have to wait to use any machine.
Great family events, superb classes when you need a change, and tvs on all the cardio equipment.
Very nice, well maintained bouldering gym.
This 24 hour fitness is good.
Everytime when i need to work out i usually do the cardio, weights, and cardio again.
The cardio machines here are ok, but needs some upgrades.
The equipment for the weights are good and useful.
I definitely recommend everyone who loves dance fitness to attend her class!
I also like the unlimited childcare for my 2 kids when i go to the gym.
They always tell me to go to the gym so they could go to the child care at eos.
Trainers are awesome - large classes with personal attention.
They also have "air nap," where you can take a 30 minute nap in one of the 8-foot fitness silks!
Prior to joining this gym i was a member at snap fitness and prior to that lvac.
Planet fitness is by-far my favorite.
I've been coming to this gym since august 2013.
I started cross fit at another gym in 2012 and then moved to arizona.
The highlight of the gym for someone with a little bit of experience already is how spacious it is.
My partner, who avoided my old gym, joined and has been coming here for about 6 months.
I met with john zwack a personal trainer at the gym when he was just starting out here in tempe.
I worked with him in training and nutrition and he helped me loose over 100 lbs in 6 months.
At this point i consider john to be a close friend as well as a fitness consultant!
Wod 's are fun and challenging :) trainers are great !
I don't work out and i'm definitely not a gym membership type when/if i do.
But since i've been pregnant and not working as much i needed some activity to manage my body and weight.
I love this gym!!!!
Pierre the trainer immediately took me under his wing along with joel.
I would highly recommend this gym to someone who wants a change from the normal gym workout.
I love this gym.
You pay for the price and they are a luxury gym for sure.
Underground fitness is an awesome gym, they have knowledgeable trainers that care about their clients.
Jake who is an amazing trainer is alway challenging me to new "fun" workouts, but its always a great time!
I defiantly recommend this gym!
I must say i am surprised i ended up loving this gym.
This is my favorite gym in        vegas so far.
Really, all you need is in this gym plus some creativity for a par workout.
The free weights go up to 100lbs so really you can find alternatives with whatever workout you're doing.
Gym was included with the hotel.
So now that we have addressed the price regarding this gym let's get to details.
Reasons i adore this gym... 1.
Weight area is massive and has plenty of equiement.
I highly recommend this la fitness location for a morning, afternoon or after work workout.
The training staff is knowledgable and ready to answer questions from personal training clients and la fitness members.
The faculty and trainers were excellent!
I can honestly say this gym, the coaches and members here have made a huge impact on my life.
Nice to talk with gus assistant general manager and charlie fitness manager.
I just wanted sunrise hospital know that whatever sensitivity training these nurses go to (if they do) is working well.
I am so happy i stumbled across the arizona training lab!
I joined atl and immediately felt excited about training there.
Special thanks to clay for taking the time to show me around the gym.
He is very easy to talk to and i would recommend asking for clay when walking into eos fitness.
Super, 7 tage kostenloses training whrend des urlaubes in den us.
One smith machine and one power rack, and more than enough free weights.
Staff is very friendly and the personal trainers know their stuff!
I love this gym.
Tons of cardio equipment as well as free weights.
So many great things i can say about this gym facility!
This place is everything and more in terms of a full service gym.
The staff are always cleaning everything and cleanliness at a gym is my number one deciding factor.
If you're looking for more intense work outs or specific training, you might want to consider more specialized gyms.
This place has a decent work out floor but other gyms in the city have bigger work out floors.
As an exercise physiologist myself, i recommend this gym to everyone.
This is a nice gym.
The gym is so big that even in their rush hours, you can manage to get all the workout done.
Cross fit meets normal in this gym.
They offer classes for everyone from beginners to full on weight training.
I'm down 70 pounds since i joined functional fitness.
Whether it's working on your weight loss journey or training to be a superhero, myk b can do it!
After training with him for a year, i have noticed improvement in my strength and power.
I really like this gym.
I feel very at home at this gym (all the locations) and have never been harassed in any way!
Rob is very passionate about cycling and his gym in general.
Perhaps the gyms where i moved from are just really crappy and outdated, but i think this place is excellent!
Clean gym, great atmosphere.
The gym atmosphere itself is also great.
I know, pretty basic and how you expect a gym to be, right?
This gym is bar far the best in the area.
They have more equipment than any other gym in the area, and it is really quite affordable.
I love this gym!!
Amazing gym and staff.
The trainers are very focused on making sure that your technique is good rather than letting you flounder.
When you have a treatment you can stay there all day and even use the gym!
Anyways... been to all the gyms.
I never get bored of the workouts, i really enjoy the staff and the fitness results have been fantastic.
This gym has just about anything you can ask for from a gym.
This gym is expensive, so i expect the best.
There should be tvs on the cardio machines.
Even the cheap gyms have that.
The actual gym could be cleaner.
Alfredo and erik are a breath of fresh air when it comes to my group fitness regimen.
Super laid back gym and guys!
Thanks to youfit i can ride my bike or jog or walk to my gym now.
There are also plenty of cardio machines, i've never waited for one!
The staff is friendly, the gym is clean!
His style and manner of training make the (1) hour sessions fly by.
I just did a quick treadmill run and weight session at the spa.
I took the walk down to the second gym and recommend this spot for sure.
Spacious and a wide variety of machines and weights.
Upper echelon provides top quality personal training, highly technical and knowledgeable staff, and an encouraging environment.
I love that with every session you get one-on-one training and don't have to worry about creating your own workouts.
The people at the gym are serious about training, but also laugh and encourage others throughout the sessions.
Regardless of your fitness or skill level, i highly recommend upper echelon to take you to the next level.
Small gym but this why its called an "express" gym!
Clean gym, helpful staff and hardly ever crowded.
Easy to get ur workout in without having to wait for equipment likes some other gyms.
Routes are challenging and fun, it's a good gym to train and get stronger in.
It's primarily a bouldering gym so if you're not satisfied with that then you might consider going elsewhere.
The space has the best air conditioning in the valley for a climbing gym, a crucial feature during the summer.
Eos was suggested to us during our weight watchers meeting for the aqua zumba class.
The gym is nicely sized and well maintained.
The pool is nice and warm, the training rooms for zumba classes etc are spacious.
There is even a 'prison like' outdoor weight area (lol).
I also added a personal trainer, and was fortunate to be teamed with david.
It's a good gym if your just looking for exercise equipment with no fancy bells and whistles.
I wish every 24 hour fitness was like this gym.....
The gym has towel service, is very clean and a place to i could spend your whole day.
Ronnie is an amazing trainer.
I have been going to lifestyles fitness with mark hill for over a year.
I highly recommend him as a trainer.
Regardless of your fitness needs, you can't go wrong choosing this place to work out
Majority of the time the gym is very clean.
50 plus cardio machines.
Few free weights but plenty of machines for every muscle group.
If you want the heavy free weights, size up, slam and grunting kind of gym this isn't for you.
Quality gym for sure.
This gym has alot of parking, def not hard to find and staff is friendly.
I've been a member of several local gyms, including the pricey camelback village.
Yes, they do try to upsell you every chance they get for detox programs, training, etc., but aren't overly pushy.
Went into eos on a guest pass with a my buddy vince who belongs to the spring valley gym.
I was approached by an eos trainer who introduced himself.
I am actually thinking about joining this gym and using this amilio for training.
The best gym hands down.
The trainers, staff, nutritionist, and owner all are great and know what they are doing.
Love me some raw fitness!
The gym is a little small, but the atmosphere is great.
I would recommend this gym to anyone who is intimidated by the bigger gyms.
The bootcamp fitness program will work for anyone who wants to reach their goals.
The trainers are so supportive and helpful.
I've lost weight, started eating better and have dropped inches as well.
If you want motivation mixed with perspiration this is the gym for you.
The trainers authentically care about you and your health.
Smartest trainer i've ever had the luck to know.
There's a reason she is a regional manager, she is dynamic with her approach to nutrition, lifestyle and training.
Few doctors associate sub clinical tachycardia with poor sleep, much less trainers.
If you have the opportunity, train with her or study under her.
I've been going to this gym for the last 5 months.
Peaks hours are a little nutty and it's hard to get on the weights.
Small but fully loaded gym.
Planet fitness is non-committal.
Join planet fitness to avoid that!
This gym has pretty much everything you'd want or need for the basic gym goer.
Trend mills, ellipticals, weight machines, and weights.
Clean and well stocked gym for anyone who just wants to do their own thing
Like most gyms, there are always those few guys who want to make sure everyone sees them working out.
But besides those few guys, this gym is really great.
Club enrg focuses on the small movements associated with american barre technique while infusing cardio.
It's your basic gym but fairly decent sized.
Other than that, it's good for providing your basic gym needs.
I am an lafitness transplant.
I tried the personal training   to get back into the swing of things.
I've seen some bad reviews on google where people rated a location poorly because it's a basic gym.
I think this gym is more for people just trying to get/stay active like myself.
There was also another poor review because they don't allow you to have your gym bags on the floor.
Your previous reviews 5.0 star rating1/8/2015 edit " best gym ever!
I love the cardio, variety of movements and strength training.
The basketball gym here seems like its dedicated to a local basketball team.
They have a huge jungle gym (floor to ceiling) and they have babies is another area.
Then they had the gym equipment which is like 12 machines and then the other stuff for free weights.
I have been a member since 2010 and have used many of the facilities, classes and trainers.
The gym is very spacious and there is lots of cardio equipment and weight machines.
I would recommend getting a set of training sessions.
You get both barre and cardio, there's really nothing else like it!
This gym has something for everyone!
Whether you want to compete, workout, weightlift, or just want to look better naked...this is the spot!
Lets face it, not all crossfit gyms are created equal and not all head coaches are created equal.
Great gym with an awesome staff and grea price.
I train with bryton and has really motivated me to come back everyday
The second half of the class is circuit weight training, which is also great.
This is by far the best gym that i've ever been to.
The staff is wonderful, the classes are incredible and the gym itself is fantastic.
Training session with leonidas was tough but definitely worth it.
Good gym, clean, lots of options.
The staff are really friendly and the gym is not that busy which is a huge plus.
I live in vegas and love to have eleve to help me with my fitness goals.
He works with us on power lifting and weight training.
After 3 years i'm still a satisfied customer at this former gold's gym franchise in downtown phoenix.
Overall this gym has some of the best spin instructors in the valley.
I haven't seen a rogue child out on the gym floor at all.
I have never seen that person in the gym but certain fitness is not for everyone.
You can't get personalized training from any other gym unless you pay large amounts of money per month.
Man, i love this gym.
We are sorry to see less of him but happy he and ben have started this gym.
Box itself has lots of rogue equipment and the things you'd expect in a gym.
Oh did i also mention this is the most reasonably priced crossfit gym i've been to?
I have to say this blows other fitness classes out of the water.
I have been training with asad for slightly over 4 months now.
I am someone who has always really enjoyed group fitness classes and this place is amazing at what they do.
Dc fit promotes a fun supportive environment that motivates you to work hard to reach your fitness goals.
I joined this gym while it was being renovated 2 years ago.
There are plenty of machines, weights, and tons of floor space for everyone.
Anytime i go the gym is clean, the staff is beyond friendly and helpful, and the amenities are always available.
The other patrons at the gym are also very accommodating.
Everyone is there to be serious about fitness and i love that.
For the first time in my entire life i have developed a love for working out because of this gym.
He makes me feel welcome, remembers my name, and is always making sure the gym runs smoothly.
There are plenty of choices out there for gyms but you get more than your money's worth coming here.
Simply the best gym you will find!
If you like planet fitness don't even bother!
But if you want a real gym with tons of weight this is the place!
As the shirt says "body builders gym, where the weak are killed and eaten!"
I have learned a lot about overall fitness from jon as well.
I would highly recommend jon and underground fitness!
Planet fitness knows how to build a gym.
They have a ton of machines to use and lots of free weights.
There is a dedicated abdominal section and an area for cardio that has three rows of treadmills and ellipticals.
You see, planet fitness is for everyone; not just hardcore gym rats.
Speaking of eating, you can get pizza at planet fitness.
I trained with jake who was phenomenal!
Even though i did the group personal training, i still felt like i was getting that individual attention.
Definitely go with underground fitness for your personal training and nutrition coaching needs!
Awesome job mountainside fitness!
Eos gym is my ultimate addiction.
Cost-wise it's also one of the most affordable crossfit gyms in the valley!
I love gail, the kids club childcare provider in this gym....she's awesome and my son loves it there...
The yoga classes are really challenging and this gym has stand up tanning booths and offers massage services as well.
This is a awesome gym!...
So far i am impress with planet fitness!
It is really a one stop shop for everything fitness!
I have only great things to say about world gym!
Compared to many other gyms i've been to, world is definitely my favourite.
World gym is a gym for heavy lifters and strength trainers.
The staff is on point and everything is clean from the weights to the bathrooms.
I really love the gym.
The trainers are awesome and very personable.
I've been a member of snap fitness ever since i moved to the northwest part of town in 2015.
For me, this is the ideal gym.
When this gym is absolutely packed, there might be 10 people there.
I used to go to 24 hour fitness and pay almost triple what i pay here...  just not worth it.
The only thing i can say about this gym that really bugs me is chest day.
There's no free weight bench press.
All in all, i really like training here.
So happy to join this gym, especially this one!
I heard about this gym, from a friend, back home, in the bay area.
There isn't many gyms that are open 24/7 so this is a plus.
Like any gym stuff breaks but they keep on top of it!
I love this gym!
All thanks to eos fitness!!!!
I watched for maybe 2 minutes and saw numerous things the female trainer was instructing them to do.
Good luck to everyone out there and train smart!
Just because a trainer says that's the way it's done, does not mean it's correct.
If you want some professional, correct and informative training, please private message me.
I just want people to learn the correct way to train.
Have a great day, and train safe!
I especially enjoyed the personal training department!
I love this fitness club.
Best trainer is arlin!!!!!
I'm been a member for a few years and enjoy the gym.
Definitely go visit them for the best savings on your gym membership!
Basic planet fitness but despite being in vegas it lacked all pretension.
Best gym in phoenix!
I enjoyed the spa and other amenities like the gym.
Would definitely continue to have business with eos fitness!
I met him at a gym in orange county, ca called occf.
I am a gym owner myself in chino, ca.
Sculpt class is very energizing and a fun mix of yoga with lightweights, cardio and ab routines.
This gym is great!
The equipment is amazing, the gym is new and clean, and jake & dave are both very helpful and nice!
If you're not into mega-gyms where you constantly have to wait for a dirty, sweaty machine, i recommend this location!
I like the "no gymtimidation" philosophy they have.
Love this gym but it's too pricey.
Awesome pool as well:) if you got the $$$ its a great gym.
God bless lifetime fitness.
Get used to it friends...)  makes my gym experience fairly painless.
Especially at a gym.
Personal training sessions are also available...and cooking classes.
Gym is legit lots of weights that are legit to suit your need.
Their evening circuit training classes are essentially personal training sessions.
For those looking for a home gym, their monthly rate is very reasonable and includes these circuit training classes too.
It's like a country club of fitness.
I have tried other gyms and nothing compares.
The support and encouragement you get from other members also adds to the amazingness of this gym.
Best gym in the world!
Clean and cheap, what more could you possibly ask for from a gym?
I've made lifelong friends, and made huge strides in both my strength and my fitness.
For me, this gym fits my needs.
I have gone to various gyms in three states since 1989 and through the years my gym needs have changed.
I love the view from the gym as it is located on the second level.
They've also offered specialized gymnastics days.
Outstanding gym nearby the orleans hotel and casino.
The gym itself was great.
I like a wide variety of dumbbells and weight lifting machines, and they had everything i needed.
In addition, the gym as a whole was quite clean and well-kept, including the men's locker room.
I would recommend this gym and will be back next time i'm in the area.
Joined this gym at the beginning of the month.
A good plus is that you have full access to one of the best gyms around!
I love this gym.
I decided to go to this gym because of its daycare.
I really appreciated that they don't do the hard sell when you go check out the gym.
24 hour fitness has stepped up big time in my opinion.
It makes for a much safer, and dinner time at the gym.
Nate has really helped with my form for weight lifting.
I usually go late at night, so havent had any issues with the gym being crowded.
Weights were racked and accessible.
Would definitely train here again.
This gym is awesome!
I would describe this as an old school sweat gym which i love!
That said i must say that this gym has the most welcoming, awesome staff i have come across.
More than that zach is by far the best trainer i have had the pleasure of working with.
This gym has it all- from private, and semi-private sessions to group training.
It's a one stop shop for reaching your fitness goals.
Anyone who is considering getting some help with training or loves challenging group workouts check this place out!
Quick disclaimer: not all lifetime fitness centers are the same!
Cardio - there's no way anyone can complain about this!
Weight machines - you name it, they have it.
Plenty of space to workout and plenty of weights for everyone to use.
Rock climbing - probably one of the most underused aspects of the gym.
Huge indoor "jungle gym".
This truly was an amazing part of the gym.
Cafe - decent food for a little cafe in a gym.
I ate many a breakfast there on my way to work after a cardio session.
Overall i just don't think that i've ever been in a better gym.
Also, the fitness center had all the basic equipment that you would need for a quick workout.
Coming from the equinox world i'm always skeptical of other high end gyms!
Ronnie has been my trainer for the past 18 months and during this time i have seen great results.
My fitness level and muscle mass have increased while i have seen a dramatic reduction in body fat.
This experience at this gym & with jerome as a helpful team member has been magnificent!!
He's not the trainer you need, he's the trainer you deserve.
This place is so much more than just a gym!
Eos cinema, eos hoops, pool and sauna, weights and machines galore, cardio machines, and group fitness classes.
Amazing businesses are built upon amazing people and pulse fitness exemplifies this.
Ask the clients in the gym what pulse means to them.
The gym seemed spotless and very neat.
I loved the staff, the location, the gym itself, and all the activities.
Brand new gym located in my former favorite store.
Still working on pool but lots of equipment and a cool dark room for cardio workouts w a movie.
I highly recommend personal trainer erica d. she's so fab i signed up for weekly sessions w her.
Our daughter has taken both gymnastic and karate at this location.
Upstairs is where the iron is along with an assortment of cardio machines and crossfit esque equipment.
We absolutely love my gym henderson!
As an ex-member of many gyms, this has by far exceeded all others.
If you are looking for personal trainer and want to enjoy your workout, this is the best!
I hate that other la fitnesses say their machines are updated but in reality, they don't work.
There are a lot of amenities at the la fitness too.
I go to all of the la fitness locations near my apartment and this is definitely the nicest one 'facility-wise.'
Best spin room at any la fitness in the area, therefore i want more spin classes here!
We like the cardio machines especially the stair climbers and elliptical machines.
There is a large selection of weights too.
So $50 a month for two gym memberships basically.
Thanks la fitness for bringing spinning classes back into my life- and yoga too.
I am an otf member and my home base gym is in california.
Don't tell my home gym, but i liked this location better.
I dropped them and joined planet fitness for 10 bucks per month.
My child loves my gym -- he loves the freedom of running around and using the trampoline.
Both willl and erin are well rounded in training and competing.
They are well knowledged in everything from nutrion to training programing and aren"t scared to share their knowledge with you.
Have to agree with mel c: kinda want to keep this gym a secret!
I love this gym.
Rudy provided me with a fantastic intro to personal training and worked out a plan to get me fit.
The gym is always clean and the entire staff is friendly.
If you are looking for intense cardio, interval training, i highly recommend it.
It's just gold's gym with a different name is all.
Sure, it's an older gym, but the women's locker room is clean enough, just like other gyms i go to.
I almost always see at least one person cleaning on the gym floor or in the locker room.
1) this gym is clean.
4) ryan the personal trainer also a cool guy.
Didn't feel uncomfortable a bit, all the weights are scaled according to your ability.
In this short time, i have fell in love with the fitness aspect as well as the overall family atmosphere.
Before joining, i tried several other kickboxing gym options and ultimately decided ilkb was the best option for me!
My internal medicine doctor told me to lose weight, however, he was not including my bmi in his calculations.
I gained my confidence, gained a crossfit family, and most of all i found my passion for fitness.
Abby, tyler and ryan were the best trainers we could have ever had.
Thes best cf gym i've been too.
The trainer kept everyone in check and was helpful to understand proper technique for all exercises.
I've worked out a lot of gyms and with a lot of personal trainers and metro is the best.
It's clean, professional and they are serious about fitness.
The trainers and staff are extremely professional and spend time on the floor.
I highly recommend metro fitness.
If you decide to embark on a personal training journey, see germaine.
All of the trainers are great, they're tough, but they help to keep you motivated at the same time.
Definitely would recommend ms carols gymkids to anyone looking for gymnastic classes for their children!
He described gym costs clearly and made himself available if we needed anything.
I've belonged to a lot of different gyms in vegas and this is my favorite.
I'm glad this gym is so family friendly.
I attend the group fitness classes in the afternoon and evening.
Ronnie has been a phenomenal trainer.
There a number of crossfit gyms in toronto.
As i said, this gym can seem a bit cultish at first.
Nevertheless the cleanest gym/health club i have ever been to in las vegas.
Planet fitness on craig rd is a great place to workout.
Overall, this gym provides great value.
Being in the military, i move regularly and have seen the gamut of fitness centers and gyms.
The gym is not perfect but there are none that are.
This is a nice gym - clean and nice staff.
The gym is not overcrowded.
Fitness and got a complimentary personal trainer.
I just recently started going to this gym and it's perfect for my daily workouts.
I do some cardio and weight lifting in the early morning and i'm always able to do what i need.
The trainers, the admins and the even members all make you feel welcome.
I can't imagine going to any other gym and i wouldn't want to go to any other gym.
Everyone was friendly, the coaches were on point and the gym was clean and organized.
I don't know what it is, but there is something special about this gym.
There is no half assing workouts in this gym when you are surrounded by so many powerful people.
I have been training here the past two summers, this year i decided to stay on.
I personally do not run and use the wide assortment of cardio and weight equiptment.
The amount of free weights here is staggering.
Best gym i've ever been to.
Thank you planet fitness
This location has plenty of cardio machines so you can find one even during busy times.
The weights section is also quite decent.
Being a newer gym, all the equipment is new and in good condition for the time being.
Good place to go get your fitness on.
Clean gym, helpful staff and hardly ever crowded.
Easy to get ur workout in without having to wait for equipment like some other gyms.
I don't love gyms!
I use the pool and the weight machines, and the cardio machines only a little.
Haven't tried using the audio at the cardio machines, so i can't verify or refute claims of problems there.
I have been using the personal trainers there and have only good things to say.
This is the best gym on earth.
Kellie is an awesome trainer  get here soonest!
There are enough personal trainers, all with knowledge in various aspects of lifting, exercising & working out.
I have had three trainers (charley, lina & nicole) who have opened my eyes to many new ways of training.
I am currently training with a team of trainers.
That all being said it doesn't have the vip feel you'll get from a $100+ per month gym membership.
They've got rows and rows of cardio machines.
A small circuit training room with over 30 stations and step by step walk thru on how to use it.
I'd definitely recommend this gym to friends who are serious about their workouts.
This gym is 10x better than all other 24 hr gym sport's, in the entire sf bay area....... combined!
He showed me around the gym in detail from the classes to equipment, to the locker rooms.
Good atmosphere with a big variety or machines/weights.
I love this gym.
I had been wanting to get into kickboxing for some time but hadn't found a gym worth staying at.
I was intimidated at first going into a ufc gym knowing absolutely nothing and being very out of shape.
I've been working once a week with a trainer on top of classes and i feel great!
Especially since they have classes and machines and free weights.
Tanning, an on-demand fitness room, cardio with a view, and knowledgeable personal trainers.
All i could want in a climbing gym.
It's hard to find great service at a gym.
This is my favorite eos gym location!
Orsbon is a great trainer- he will work you out exactly how you want to be worked out.
You want to do cardio?
Great, he'll get you to do cardio.
I feel comfortable being there, and that's really important for my work out and for my own training confidence.
For $20, i feel like this gym is well worth it!
The gym is conveniently located close to home, prices are great but is always really packed!
The one reason i love to go to this gym is my pt jake barton.
He is a awesome trainer who gives me my monies worth!
Best gym,  clean, affordable, professional staff,  awesome equipment,  personal trainers.
The seven hills location has absolutely earned a spot in my active life as  favorite place to train, hands down!
This gym was awesome the workout was intense but fun.
Besides the high monthly membership prices this gym is a great workout place!
So far i really enjoy this gym... small size and all.
The features are just not available at other gyms usually.
But it's a gym ...you go and you work out it's pretty cut and dry guys.
Great location and clean gym.
They offer a variety of classes, from yoga to zumba to weights.
Great gym and great price!
They offer classes, a weight gym, and yoga.
I'm dropping my regular gym membership to pick one up here.
If you're looking for a nice gym with updated equipment and facilities, this is a great place to go.
Wonderful trainers full of energy and always encouraging.
I typically attend the 4:15 or 5:30 evening classes and these trainers(marshall, devon and cj) are just amazing.
Morning classes also have great trainers.
Any of these trainers will give you a kick ass work out!
I train about 6 days a week and cycle through a few different gyms depending upon my needs.
I travel quite a bit and have subs to golds, la fitness and 24 hours super sport.
I perform a lot of proprioception (balance/stability) type routines mixed in with range of motion exercises and strength training.
In my professional opinion the big pro of this gym is kyle the trainer.
In all my years both personally and professionally he is without a doubt the best trainer i have ever seen.
When golds gym on sandhil closed this was my go-to gym for hardcore motivation.
The biggest negative for me at this gym is the management, namely martin the gm.
I have 2 friends specifically who have left this gym because of his mistreatment.
Scott is a great and knowledgeable trainer.
Great gym with an indoor basketball court.
The best equipment, integrity, and history in the serious gyms in north america.
I love this gym.
I liked the selection of machines they have, since i use those more than the free weights.
I disliked that there is only one drinking fountain, but overall i am in love with this gym.
This is a great gym!
I'm scottsdale for a few months and have long been searching for a boxing style gym to get in shape.
They have a ring setup in the gym.
I like the vibe at the ufc gym, just need to keep going.
All the machines/free weights i need in one place!
I highly recommend this gym to anyone who wants to either get started or just get back in to it
I took yoga with kiyomi tiffany, she trains for beginners and experienced, people can be challenged and comfortable.
The experienced trainers don't just encourage you, but more beautifully, inspire you.
It definitely is not a typical gym environment with snobby work-out people.
No big box bland gym here!
He is a wonderful trainer and i am learning so much.
This gym is very convenient and friendly, not intimidating at all.
You use the mini trampolines for bursts of cardio, bands for arms, and mini bands for legs and hips.
This club offers an hour long trx, "bootcamp", and a 45min cardio/core class.
I have been training at lifestyles fitness for several years.
I've even signed up for their 6 week fitness challenge that starts tomorrow.
It's a mix of functional exercises to build cardio and some strength training.
If you're looking for a cardio workout this is it.
And you can't beat the individual attention you're getting from a certified instructors/trainers without paying for one-on-one sessions.
Big fan of this gym.
Beautiful, resort style gym and equipment.
I have nothing negative to say except for the fact that that do not keep their gym equipment clean.
Always feel comfortable coming into this gym.
What a great workout at the ufc gym in scottsdale, az.
The gym is clean and machines are are taken care of properly.
We both exclusively use the fitness centre so my review will focus on that & the overall building.
The staff are friendly and more importantly the fitness centre is constantly being cleaned by the cleaning staff.
The little gym is great exercise for my son and provides him with an outlet and focus point.
Have always hated gyms, being watched, surrounded by in-shape people.
Had a groupon for a personal trainer at underground fitness.
Kudos to cody, a corrective trainer for putting me through workouts that have not inflamed my knee.
Way better than the standard gym.
They cater to the residents of the gramercy as their "apartment gym" so its kept pretty private.
You can people watch as your doing your cardio and then enjoy a nice shake at portion control.
I do not work out here so i can not give you a review on the gym.
My experiences at anytime have been far better than any at lifetime fitness.
I love the private nature of this gym, and how every one is there to actually work out.
A full weight room, yoga studio, and training walls are also at the ready.
The quantity and quality of problems at this gym is incredible~!
This gym has spoiled me.
Sometimes there's a wait for the weight machines.
The gym is nice and clean lots of open equipment to use at the time i go.
The trainers are the best around!
In addition, the basketball court in the middle of the gym is great for people watching ha!
What really draws me to this location is the size of the gym.
Well, i think it's about time i wrote a review about pure fitness.
At first, i loved the gym.
I also began to lose weight.
From oct '06 to feb '07, i was loving the gym.
But there was nothing appealing about the gym anymore.
Same cardio machines; same weights.
No challenging classes and management that didn't care about their employees (their trainers).
Around march i met another trainer and began to work out with him.
I kept going, though, for my fitness was now a huge priority of mine.
Yes, i did end up with another trainer, who i (as luck would have it) like very much.
But lifting weights and learning new techniques is what makes the gym fun.
I don't need to be hit on at the gym.
So, would i recommend this gym to you?
If you live nearby the location and can't afford a 24 hour fitness or la fitness membership.
Great service when booking and having my son's birthday party in the playgym.
I knew i needed a change from my regular boring work outs at the gym.
A no brainer for every fitness level.
Been a member for a few months now always clean gym, well maintained.
The manager is friendly as well as the staff trainers
It's a great gym and friendly staff.
Love love love this gym!!!
It's circuit training that will kick your butt and the results are amazing!
A serious gym for the serious minded lifter wanting to workout without all the 'fluffer' distractions of the fitness centers.
If you are a serious powerlifter, weightlifter or bodybuilder, this is the place to train.
Coming to this gym more and more.
I wish the equipment was more up to date and there was not that horrific gym sweat smell.
You can be open 24 hours and still at some point do a deep clean of the whole gym.
Most people would label me as  gym rat.
I like to lift heavy weights and put them down.
I've been going to gyms in vegas for over 35 years.
Theres good in all these gyms ,but lifetime has it all.
This gym is not pricy if you use the amenities .thank you lifetime for building such a beautiful facility .
Sometimes i feel young at this gym and i'm 39...makes me like it even more!
While fitness forum isn't too sexy, it has it all.
They have an indoor pool, all the treadmills, ellipticals, weights and other stuff you would expect and classes for free.
You want someone that walks the walk and talks the talk, maya is your trainer.
I thought i have had the best until, i found my grown woman's disneyland here at life time fitness.
I considered getting a cycling membership and a yoga membership,  i now can have it all a life time fitness.
Get to the gym!
I really like this gym and equipment.
Other than this location edgemont world health is my favorite gym.
Update march 19 2016 this gym has just been newley renovated.
I run 5 miles a day so it is imperative that i find a gym.
Big big big gym!
Plenty of squat racks, lots of free weights, trx jungle gym, kettlebells, cardio, etc.
Recommended to anyone who just wants a basic affordable gym.
They do an excellent job closing the "losing weight" loop by really emphasizing nutrition.
Fit2yourcore is more than just a gym, too.
Moved to the phoenix area 5 months ago and was eager to find a new crossfit gym to call home.
The coaches are great, very knowledgeable, and truly want to help you improve and reach your fitness goals.
Besides crossfit classes, they also offer open gym, new member intro sessions, weightlifting, gymnastics, and a bootcamp style class.
I'm visiting from england and so i need a gym to train at for 2 weeks.
I'm from england and the gyms back home don't have a lot of the stuff you see in this gym.
I found everyone in there polite and respectful and i would highly recommend it to others looking for a gym.
Great trainers, awesome soundtrack and everyone there is in awesome shape - super inspiring!!
It was a smaller gym but equipped with everything you need to get in shape.
Overall, the gym was very clean, the restrooms were also clean and well kept.
Yelpers, check this gym out, you'll find everything you need to get back in shape.
Friendly staff, super clean, towel service and everything you want in a semi-private fitness facility.
Got a month's worth of fitness kickboxing classes on groupon.
Been going to this gym for awhile now and lost over 120lbs at one point.
He has helped keep me on track whether it be in the gym or with my diet.
I'd recommend this gym and pt to anyone.
This is the cleanest facility with the best trainers and staff in the city!
This gym is pretty darn impressive.
My husband changed over from gold's gym and scored me a 30 day pass.
The gym is expansive with machines to be seen far and wide.
I was excited to see all of the cardio machines.
Most if not all of the cardio machines have tvs which is awesome.
Speaking of the spin class, i haven't seen a studio that big in a gym.
Other than that, very nice gym.
I'd suggest joining if you don't already have a gym.
Love how the cardio machines are above the weight area.
Gym staff is friendly and i enjoy visiting this vegas location then the rest.
Again, i prefer the dowd ymca because it's huge and has pretty much anything you'd ever want from a gym.
Overall, this gym has a really new, clean feel, which is obviously something you'd want from a gym.
It's a gym for goodness sakes, things are bound to break!
This gym is perfect for anyone looking to do what a gym is made for...
He knows an abundance about fitness and nutrition to help you reach your goals.
The gym is very clean and the team there is the best i have encountered.
Everyone is very friendly and the people that train there are very diverse.
I highly recommend underground gyms as they have a few around the valley.
I'm not one for basic gyms and treadmills.
I've done personal training as well with kim, and she tailored the training specifically to my limitations of the knee.
You are amazing and i'm proud to be a member of your gym...
This gym is awesome.
It's brand new and it's not near as crowded as the eos fitness on durango.
There are many activities and options including pool, steam, spin, and a good selection of free weights/machines.
More reasonably priced than many other gyms with similar options.
Many free weights, something i like.
Friendly trainers, & customers.
There isn't enough great things to say about this gym.
The trainers are amazing, specifically ryan h, brandon b, and nicholas.
This gym is small but it has everything needed for a great workout.
There's an element of privacy about this gym that i appreciate.
Definitely recommend it to anyone gym shopping.
Fairly decent gym, small but it's downtown so what do you expect.
I love this gym its brand new and exciting!
This basic beginning stage of my fitness journey is very important to me.
I ventured into this gym after seeing a promotion on living social.
After telling my fiance about the gym, he went and tried a class a few days later and joined too!
Cac is a pretty nice gym.
Overall it's a nice gym.
So in attempts to avoid traffic and maybe get a little healthier i joined anytime fitness in pineville.
I wanted a gym that was close to work and that was close-ish to my home.
There's other anytime fitness clubs i can go to should i feel like going on the weekend.
This appears to be a relatively new gym.
Before meeting colin, i was never consistent with my gym schedule and would dread going.
Working out with him has given me the motivation to get up and get to the gym.
Literally this program has helped me with my eating, exercising, and terrified feeling of the gym.
I go to this gym because it's close, convenient, clean, and it's cheap.
This gym isn't for bodybuilders, elite competitors, or barefoot crossfit enthusiasts...it's for regular, average, gym-goers.
Don't expect a diamond-star gym here.
I know i'm getting a gym with no classes, no childcare, and no aerobics room.
Plenty of space between machines and plenty of space near the free weights and stretching area.
Tl;dr clean, good basic gym for the price.
This is the type of gym you should be looking for.
First off, let me start this by saying i am in no way, shape, or form a "gym lover".
That was until i found eos fitness.
When i signed up, i got a complimentary fitness evaluation with dominic.
As far as the gym/equipment goes, it can get a little busy right after work (around 5:30).
This gym has a vibe that no other gym has.
$10/month with no contracts for the basic membership is the main appeal of planet fitness.
This is a relatively new gym and seems well kept and clean.
Planet fitness has your usual gym equipment, ellipticals, treadmills, stair masters, and a moderate free weight section.
For now planet fitness has all i need until the day i want to progress with barbell exercises.
I've always liked planet fitness.
The charge is $10 a month for the same gym, month to month.
This gym is remarkable.
I've belonged to incredibly nice gyms before, including a country club, and this gym easily compares in quality.
I absolutely love this gym.
They have rows of cardio machines, and a good selection of weights and machines.
The amenities are probably not enough for professional bodybuilders but enough for the average gym goers.
I give this gym 5 stars because of the new gm.
This is the cleanest gym i have ever climbed.
(i have been to boulder, london, chicago, and many other locations) probably the cleanest gym anywhere climbing or no climbing.
Focus gym changes the routes about once per month.
I used to be intimidated by the gym, but this gym is so awesome.
Anyone looking for a great gym please come here
Finding a trainer/program that you can follow for life is hard.
Maya makes health and fitness a way of life, and leads her clients by example!
Having had a few trainers in the area, i highly recommend fierce & fit, there is no comparison.
A couple of years ago, i made this gym my swim gym.
I only came to this gym to swim, no weights, no other cardio....just swim.
This gym is one of my favorite out here because it's usually not as busy.
You can say that this is sometimes my monday night gym.
I don't want to recommend this gym because i want to keep it to myself.
But if i have to be honest, this 24 hour fitness is one of my favorites out here.
Gym recap: -it's a super-sport -plenty of equipment, free-weights and machines.
This gym has been a life send!
Our daughter has had yoga here, gymnastics..at no extra cost.
If i ever leave here i hope to find a life time fitness close by.
Joined up a few days ago and i have to say this gym is very nice.
Eos downtown phoenix is hands-down the best gym i've ever worked out in!
My favorite is the cardio theater!
This is my gym.
Aside from uncontrollable circumstances the gym is very well ran and spotless.
The coaches have clinics at their gym once a month and they've attended mine.
We always warm up well, do a strength training portion, then the workout of the day (wod).
If the workout is too intense, the trainers will tone it down to match your level.
Just what you would expect when you go to a supersport gym.
As i left the building at around 12:30 am, i noticed the towels impeccably stalked, the gym clean, looking good.
I recommend this gym for a good workout.
Very clean and well organized gym nothing to complain about, the layout is perfect as it should be.
For the very first time, i enjoy coming to the gym.
And p.s  you don't have to be member to see him at life time fitness.
Came in really hesitant to join another gym.
Always feel anxious so i stopped planet fitness and sorta gave up.
I simply use their bumper plates and bars to train for hammer throw.
There's a great community of people that train at this box that have welcomed coach and i with open arms.
He's been doing this for years, usaw certified, trained by meg ritchie (look it up).
I'm giving this gym four stars because i'm judging it for what it is: a bargain.
It just make me smile while i'm working out, even if i was the one to drop the weight.
The black membership includes the discounted drinks, massage chairs, hydro-beds, tanning, and total fitness something something.
I haven;t use the tanning or the total fitness thing but the massages are super cool.
It's a great premium level fitness center/gym.
It's more than just a gym because it offers tennis courts, basketball courts, jacuzzi, indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
They even have fitness events you can join like their own triathlon.
I had to switch gyms due to that since i felt they should lower their price for loyalty.
After climbing, check out the gym or one of the great yoga classes.
Groupon had a great low price for unlimited classes :) great way to get back into the fitness world.
The room is spacious and the trainer will has been great!
I love this gym!
There are several weight areas and a variety of different equipment to suit any fitness desire.
But my absolute most favorite thing about this gym is that they are upfront with their pricing.
I've been going to mountain side fitness for years, great staffand equipment .friendly people and very clean.
This is a very impressive facility, the largest gym i've ever been to.
Tons of cardio equipment, machines, and free weights.
This gym changed my life.
The trainers are great and super helpful and the people that go there are awesome.
You get what you pay for and this place is the nicest gym around.
I have belonged to anytime fitness for four years and it has been a great experience.
I appreciate that you can access gyms across the country, and they are increasing in number.
Day in and day out this crossfit gym excels in coaching.
I love circuit training with kate.
They also provide teacher training, if that is one of your goals.
Turner fit personal training is a great place to go if you want to reach your fitness goals.
Chris the head trainer really does care about his clients and making them successful with their goals.
The ymca's as a whole in charlotte are better than a lot of other gyms.
I have no complaints about this gym.
There are always machines available, enough weights to go around, and plenty of staff around to answer any questions.
I have been going to this gym for over 5 years.
I started coming because my trainer i was using moved here and i followed him.
Over the years the gym keeps improving.
Lots of weight machines.
But the best part is the amazing staff of trainers.
My trainer, who i have been working out with for over 10 years, ciro is remarkable and highly recommended.
I would love to see this gym take over the space next door and spread out a bit.
- they need at least 1 certified trainer out there to help some of these people.
Keira was my trainer and i loved her.
This gym had a weird vibe, kind of hard to explain but the staff was nice.
Seemed a little smaller than your average 24 hour fitness but had what you needed.
This pool is still super clean and in general the busiest one of all the 24 hour fitness locations.
Meagan makes everyone feel super comfortable, regardless of their fitness backgrounds.
Ambiance (5/5): this gym has the most awesome music system.
Service (3/5) it's an interesting gym.
This gym is open 24/7 for 365 days.
It's a good addition to all the general work out equipment like (elliptical, weights, punching bags, etc.)
Overall (4/5), it's a good gym that fits anyone's schedule for ($30/month).
You can get a free day's pass to check out this gym.
My schedule is 2x a week with my trainer jake.
The gym has all the equipment you need to work out and it is a nice chilled atmosphere.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and push you to do your best!!
Typical gym, packed during happy hour 4-7.
Pros: location, price and trainers.
The trainers will, colter and serena are amazing!
Each have their unique approaches to fitness and enough background knowledge to know what they are doing.
Equipments in this gym is clean and well maintain.
I left my previous gym to get out of their 24 month contract and empty promises.
The entire club is kept very clean and that is something i wasn't accustomed to at my previous gym.
I also took the cardio assault with shayna and she was excellent at showing us how to do the exercises.
I'd never done any serious weight training until this last year and decided to get a trainer.
Then recently i started training with brian.
I never thought i'd say this, but i actually enjoy lifting weights now!
He wants to help you get started on whatever your fitness goals may be.
The gym is very affordable and does have an annual fee but the low monthly cost balances it out nicely.
Not only are the teachers loving and nurturing, but they are also highly trained early childhood educators.
I was in town for sf giants spring training, and decided to get a little cross-training in myself!
Typically a runner, i do several days of strength training a week for upper body and core.
Plenty of equipment, and i received guidance on adapting the wod for my level of strength/fitness.
I used to go to this gym a lot back when it was gold's gym.
This gym is still busy during peak hours and completely dead prior to 7:00 am.
Like the eastern avenue eos, this gym still has the old school, all steel, and round 45 lb.
There's just something about stacking two 45's, lifting, and hearing the weights clanging & rattling.
I just wish this gym was a lot closer to home.
No matter what level you are with your fitness!
I really like this gym.
This gym has everything you want/need, even its own basketball league.
Other than that i love this gym!
After all it was cheap, and reminded me so much of la fitness.
Tonight i am so grateful to be part of this amazing gym!
At times it feels resort-like, and the best thing is ....lifetime fitness is good for you!
Overtime, i've tried a variety of different gyms and memberships, that have only resulted in weight gain, and non-attendance.
9round/mario is the first gym/trainer that i not only enjoy attending, but feel i get a well rounded quick workout.
If you're looking for a calorie busting, total body conditioning session come to ufc gym!
I definitely recommend cross training with kickboxing for all who are looking to get in amazing shape.
But there was something else about raw that goes beyond just losing weight.
I've been a member here for almost a year and am so happy with my choice in gyms.
There's a few classes like pilates and smaller group training classes that cost, but majority of classes are free.
Whenever i workout on the floor with weights or equipment i never have a problem with overcrowding or unavailability.
This is the cleanest gym i have been to.
I went to a gym where membership fees were about the same but not even half as clean.
I am so happy with this gym i definitely can see myself as a longtime member
I enjoy the whole gym which is fantastic as well as the classes and personal training.
This is the best gym i have ever worked out at.
This gym is such a great place to workout.
This place is very highly recommended to everyone seeking fitness and a great workout facility.
Great gym - clean, newer equipment, and great classes!
My grand kids love the lil gym we'll be back for years.
The personal information i track at koko like bmi, weight, goals etc.
This planet fitness is definitely one of the more popular locations.
It is right next to a walmart if you need to shop before or after your gym workout.
They have all of the typical gym equipment such as treadmills, ellipticals, free weights and machines.
There were plenty of people in all stages of fitness, so i didn't stand out at all.
Most of the classes are mulit-level, so you can join in and work on your fitness level without feeling intimidated.
The hydro training class is amazing!
The gym is a good size and has some really great equipment.
Staff is very friendly and gym is very clean.
I haven't been to this gym for awhile just because of scheduling but bought another package of classes this week.
There are several excellent personal trainers who work there.
It's literally just signing up for a gym membership.
Anyone that thinks it's hard to sign up at a gym is probably incompetent and illiterate!
Downstairs had all the free weights and machines, including the cable machine in it's own corner.
Upstairs, the abs equipment and cardio machines.
Very spacious gym, and i definitely got a good work out at this gym.
This is a great gym with lots of options that you can tailor to your own tastes.
Staff is friendly, even if you don't have a personal trainer.
I did the intiial personal trainer session.
The gym is kept clean, i have not used the locker rooms at this point.
There are also a large number of both cardio and weight machines.
I'm glad i've joined la fitness and it's encouraged the best thing to keep me going in my workouts--variety.
I forgot to include that in my review of the gym.
Of all people, i understand that searching for the "right" trainer is a daunting task.
I recently decided to join a gym.
Anytime fitness was the second place near my house that i stopped.
I signed up for some personal training sessions.
I've had two sessions with my trainer justin, he is easy going.
The personalized fitness programs are way better than any chain gym.
And they offer kettlebell training, which is hard to find in the valley!
They also have a cardio room that shows netflix movies!!
Group personal training looked awesome!!
We visited mountainside, lafitness and planet fitness.....we joined fitness works because we felt comfortable from start to finish.
Much better than going to a traditional gym.
The instructors of ilovekickboxing - uptown charlotte are friendly, well-trained and will really push you to your limits.
What a great gym!
Stopped while traveling it's one of the bigger pf lots of parking and the gym was really clean.
Almost everything you could ask for in a gym.
Towel service is standard in all of the mountainside fitness clubs.
Eos has done a good job upgrading the gym and providing a workout area with new equipment and a movie.
The gym is open 24 hours which is a plus.
Frank, my personal trainer, is excellent.
Besides, where else can go and check out matt leinart in his sweaty gym clothes!!
I've been coming to this gym ever since i've lived in vegas.
They take care of their equipment in regards to the gym, but in their cardio/aerobics room they have not.
Outside of those few things, it's a gym, you can get a good workout in.
I love this gym.
I really like this gym.
Trainers have competed in various forms of fighting and have their own styles to teach.
It has a decent sized weight room that consists of free weights and machine weights.
They also have a separate room in back behind the cardio machines for exercise ball, resistance band, and mat exercises.
There's also a lot of fitness staff roaming around to help answer any fitness questions you might have.
The people are nice, the facility is huge and beautiful and it's honestly the nicest gym i've ever belonged to.
They gym doesn't allow shirtless climbing but allows that attention grabbing behavior?
The other issue is when the climbing team is training.
Or, you can just wait until they finish training later in the evening.
Best boxing/training center in las vegas, period.
Looking to train w/ the best or at least feel like you are?
From cardio to boxing to lifting to all of it, you can get it done here.
Their circuit training is ideal as you're broken up in 3 groups.
Best gym in town.
Aarron w blagg is the best trainer in las vegas he really works you hard but, the results are amazing.
- group fitness classes are inclusive and supportive.
There were a wide variety of people taking them with different levels of fitness.
- personal training has been very expensive, sometimes overpriced sometimes perfect.
I have had 5 trainers here.
2 of the trainers i had were amazing and helped me reach some pretty lofty fitness goals.
- treadmills/cardio equipment is plentiful and you will never have to wait.
- lifting area (free weights and olympic platforms) not enough space or equipment.
The childcare at lifetime fitness is very special.
Even if i have to wait for the free weights.
They have all new cardio equipment and hardwood floors.
The thing i love the most about this gym is the childcare.
I started at this gym with the fat burner groupon.
Oscar, the owner, is super friendly, welcoming, and genuinely cares about your personal fitness and progress.
Finally, the gym is super clean!
I'm looking forward to reaching my fitness goals with made in crossfit :)
Ok, so it's la fitness.
This is not a fancy gym, but for the price you really can't beat it.
However, i've never had to wait for a cardio machine so no complaints in that regard whatsoever.
I also really love cassandra for personal training.
She's really nice and understands weight issues, injuries, etc.
You can watch tv and charge your iphone at every cardio machine!
Great gym, the space is clean, well maintained and very organized, customer service is really good over the phone.
They are also very motivating along with all the others in the gym.
This place is more than just a gym its a family.
Nice and clean gym.
Still very nice gym!
I also enjoy their cardio equipment, weight equipment, spin, group classes like zumba, pilates.
I've now tried two air fitness classes at flex + fit and can say that i've thoroughly enjoyed them both.
And i drove 22 miles to go to this gym!!!
I recently had to switch gyms because of location and moved from east valley crossfit in chandler.
For a brand new gym they have already collected a number of fantastic athletes.
I have also never been to such a friendly and inviting crossfit box until this gym.
Not many crossfit gyms allow that type support!
I love this gym, front desk is friendly they always greet me, and as i leave as well.
The gym is constantly being cleaned by a super sweet maintenance staff who are very curtious.
My personal trainer is mike boyett and he is amazing.
This gym gets my 5 stars all around!
Best gym in all of phoenix.
La fitness and 24 hour fitness don't even come close.
The gym is clean, and well kept, everyone was really friendly.
Overall 5/5 would recommend this gym, and will climb again when i'm back in town.
I got a personal trainer named zack white.
If you choose this gym make sure you ask for zack white!
At the beginning of the year i started working out with a personal trainer that katie had referred me to.
Some helped me loose weight but even the ones that worked were only temporary.
Cardio equipment is upstairs and free weights and machines are in 1st floor.
I like the fitness classes here.
This review is only for the fitness area.
Canyon ranch has absolutely the nicest fitness areas out of any hotel i've been to.
The gym itself has all the important machines and they're all high quality.
They've got quality equipment and a decent amount of free weights that you can use.
The cardio are has around 20 treadmills and a few stair climbers.
Fierce & fit for life is a one stop shop supporting all your fitness and nutritional goals.
5/5 for the gym.
Hands down the best gym in the city; quality equipment, clean, and not too busy.
The midtown is the most complete gym experience in montreal.
Wow, what a cool mountainside fitness.
The instructors are amazing and they care about your fitness journey.
It's more than a gym it's a family.. you lose weight and have a great time doing it!
Great part about this gym everything is included !!!
I attended the grand opening of this gym on olympia weekend.
Once inside it is obvious this is a gym for serious lifters.
It's a great and fun way to keep fit and lose weight.
I love the new equipment and the layout of the gym!
Don't be intimidated if your fitness abilities suck.
I spoke to the gym manager.
Since then, the peace has been restored at the gym.
I witnessed the cleaning person do a thorough cleaning session of all treadmills and other cardio equipment.
Later, a beautiful fit woman was promoting a fitness plan at the front lobby.
Call me superficial, but i love seeing fit beautiful people at the gym, that is what is all about.
This is what i expect out of a gym.
This is once again my favorite gym.
When it comes to gyms, i don't want to save money, i want to feel good when i work out.
She asked me about my current fitness routine and really just chatted and made me feel more comfortable.
Training could help with this - it's  a little offputting to just hear a dismissive "i don't know".
A good basic gym.
Phil at canyon ranch was hand trained by the founder of our company, perry gastis, at the gentlemens refinery.
I can tell you that phil is one of the most professional and skilled barbers that perry has ever trained.
Just joined anytime fitness at their new location on riggs rd in chandler az.
Nice size for a small gym.
For a resort fitness center i would give this one an a+.
It was included in the cost of the room and had tons of cardio equipment and dumbbells!
I joined the new location, at warner & cooper in north gilbert, but i can use either gym.
So happy this gym has finally opened!
The gym is always so clean and it connected me with an amazing trainer erica d!
I have worked with other trainers before but hands down there is something so special about erica.
I know that getting a personal trainer is an additional cost but erica is worth it every penny!
The chandler location of mountainside fitness is a nice fit for the surrounding neighborhoods.
From the front desk to the trainers, the employees are attentive and respectful.
This gym is the best in las vegas.
I've been going to the classes that they offer and the trainer mark chappell is awesome.
I cannot say enough good things about this gym or the trainers there.
I have only worked out with their trainer heather rike, and had a great experience!
She is not like all other trainers that just want to teach you power lifting.
Her background and skill expertise is amazing for helping solve injuries with fitness!
If you are looking to solve weight loss, injuries, or just get ripped- i highly recommend her!
This is a great gym with lots of great equipment and tons of amenities.
I have art as my trainer and nobody can beat him.
The gym itself is sufficient and clean.
I've never personally dealt with any of the trainers here except stephanie, who doesn't work there anymore.
I also go to open gym at tnt which is a super cool environment to train.
Very intimate and i love the people who train there.
I definitely got fitness gains from being in this course.
The cardio room with the movie theatre rocks!
In the 8 years of living in vegas, i've had a gym membership to every other gym in the valley.
Before, i needed a membership to multiple gyms, pools, clubs to get what i needed.
I have never really considered going to life time fitness because i always heard it was "expensive".
Raw is the best gym out there.
All of the trainers are awesome and help you if you need it every step of the way.
It's fitted with life fitness and precor cardio machines, which all are equipped with tvs.
There are a plethora of weights and free weights as well.
The gym can get really full on pre-work mornings and saturdays, so watch out!
I love this gym!
Great staff always willing to help  huge variety of equipment and the trainers are a sight to behold.
Fitness forum is a great gym for those who are looking for a no-nonsense workout facility at an affordable price.
All in all, a good place for a decent workout, especially if you're into cardio/resistance training.
At planet fitness trying to sweat out the holidays!
In the gym area and in the bathroom.
People actually put weights away and wipe down equipment.
You can tell the coach genuinely cares about the members and the gym.
I'm glad i didn't look at the reviews before i signed up here because i really like this gym!
It's a bummer this was my first impression, because i called to cancel and intended to switch to another gym.
It's not the newest or fanciest gym, but i love that it's smaller and more personal.
:p i would definitely recommend this gym.
A fantastic facility for training, climbing, yoga and fun with a great atmosphere and fantastic team.
I've been a member of this gym for a little over 1 year.
The gym is small to medium size but has everything you need for a good workout.
Plenty of equipment and cardio machines.the women's locker room is clean and with spacious lockers.
Have used this gym for a few years.
I have tried a few of their group fitness classes  that are free for members.
The best times to use the gym are between 2 am to 5 am, and 9pm-12 midnight.
The rest of the  times  have a fair number of people like any other gym .
Why pay $20 to use the hotel gym when you can use 24 hour fitness?
Huge two story building with a million cardio machines and large weight area for all you muscle heads....
Excellent, (and tough) personal training workout from eddie.
I highly recommend eddie and la fitness for all your fitness goals.
I highly recommend giving a look of your looking for a good atmosphere gym.
+ lots of built in screens on the cardio machines in main gym area.
Cardio theater has no ventilation at all.
And i can't find it on the mobile site or posted at the gym itself either.
- either haven't found the trx straps/equipment, or there isn't any, or it's only out when certain trainers are working.
He introduced me to ian who has been training me since i started coming here.
Prices seem competitive and the trainer i had tonight was very friendly.
This gym seems like great bang for the buck and i look forward to actually getting in great shape.
Do yourself a favor and hit up this gym!
Its a good price for the quality of the gym.
The trainers motivate you to work your best but at your own pace, so it's perfect for anyone!
The palazzo gym was clean and well maintained.
U should check this gym out if your in the area!
The trainers are very motivational and are always there for you!
This gym is amazing!
Then you have the trainers rj, art, and myke they are awesome.
These guys will encourage you along the way no matter what you fitness condition is right now.
The trainers and staff at bodywerks are all very kind and professional.
The gym is clean and the equipment is kept in great working condition.
If you are looking for a personal trainer or bootcamp style... this is your place.
I wish we had a gym just like this at home!
He took me around they gym and it was extremeeely ;) spacious and hot yoga is a definite plus!
This is the gym i go to since i move to phoenix, az.
It's a good gym for those who want a good variety of things from a gym membership.
This place offers a great relaxing massage considering it is a gym.
It is a gym for those who want a wide range of activities and workout routines.
So, life time fitness... what more could you want in a fitness center?
If you're looking for a fitness center that has nearly everything, this is your place.
Would defiantly recommend  the spa and fitness program!
The personal trainers are awesome and very friendly!!!!
I absolutely love their child care and legitimately wouldn't be able to go to the gym without it.
Their childcare is fantastic, and can watch your kiddos from any monitor in the gym!
I really do like this gym... that being said...
We are so fortunate that hsindi has been faithful to this gym through thick and thin for 6 plus years!
Since moving to las vegas i attend the gym and have attended zumba classes for four years.
I get  lazy working out alone at the gym.
Trainers are great and motivated.
Nobody is trying to sell you private lessons like in many gyms.
This review is for carmen, a personal trainer at lifetime.
I started training in august with carmen, and it is his january.
My friends keep asking if i've lost weight, too!
The transformation is real and the support from staff, trainers and fellow work out partners is unlike any other gym.
The gym was clean and nice with hardly anyone in there at night time.
This gym is great to work out at!
It is an open and inviting environment with friendly staff and other gym goers.
I would highly recommend this gym to anyone looking for a new place!
I have been going to this 24 hour fitness for quite some time now.
The gym and women's locker room are clean.
I have trained with 3 trainers at this location and they have all been fantastic!!
This is one clean gym.
-tons of cardio w/tv's -cardio theater -clean gym:  rick is the best.
You'll find him keeping this gym clean and tight.
-clean and spacious locker room -functional training area w/artificial grass:  great for trx, other functional training, and walking lunges.
Cons: -cardio theater is small and lacks ventilation.
-no bench for military presses  my gym rant: -bro jug:  needed only if you actually drink from it.
Overall, i recommend this gym.
This gym is amazing.
Such a great gym with amazing trainers!
The trainers that exceeded my expectations are rudy and matt.
I'm training with matt at the moment and honestly i refuse to switch trainers anymore.
He always gives me a variety of workouts while training so it's never boring.
For those who don't know, matt is an amazing person and trainer, he's funny too.
Besides that, this gym is great, very clean, and all employees are awesome, very bubbly.
We all go to the gym for the same reason, to feel, look, and become our best selves above all.
Beautiful facility with pool, tennis courts, rock climbing, biking inside and out, yoga, weight classes, etc.
Great local gym with pretty good equipment selection.
There are also various group training as well as private training sessions.
My wife and i signed up for personal training (pt) at the pv la fitness club.
We were assigned johnny brusco (master trainer).
I love this gym.
This is where i go to have colt downer train me.
The gym is well-equipped and conveniently located behind the scottsdale quarter.
I don't have any complaints about this gym.
The staff throughout the gym is very nice, and very informative.
The trainers are amazing and are always there to motivate and help no matter the person's abilities.
They have a couple large pools, a huge room for aerobic classes, and a decent weight room.
It's a nice clean gym.
I like that it has a women's only gym at this location.
It's doesn't have a lot in there only a few cardio machines and a few other machines.
I train with meghan and she is amazing!
Seriously you need to train with her.
If you're thinking about getting a trainer i would do it.
This climbing gym is amazing!
This place has so many different climbing aspects: top rope, lead climbing, auto-belays, bouldering, yoga studio, fitness gym/weight room, etc.
Been coming here for two years i aint going any other gym but here.
The resort fee at the venetian includes the use of the gym.
The gym was top notch.
Awsome collection of machines, free weights, excercise areas, cardio area.
Absolutely a luxury gym experience.
I gave five stars for the facility, for the lifetime fitness company, i give three stars for separation issues.
Same thing with most gyms.
Overall i would pick this gym over any other gym in america.
If i were to ever pay for another gym membership, it would be at a lifetime fitness facility.
I enjoy going to this gym in green valley.
I saw a review referring to squash courts, but this gym doesn't have it.
This gym is wonderful for me.
I can easily enjoy a nice saturday or sunday at the gym.
If your expectation is to be a weightlifting type gym, this place is not for you.
This is a family oriented type gym.
Consider  your budget  and what you want out of a gym.
I used this gym when i was in town.
I've been an la fitness member since 2005 & have gone on and off since then.
I want to be left alone at the gym.
This is my new favorite gym hands down!
Nice gym with all the essential equipment.
Gym is nice, pool could be bigger but no complaints.
But i encourage you to try this gym out for yourself!
If you're looking for a personal trainer, matt is the one you want!
The gym itself has everything you need and i like how upstairs has the cardio equipment.
So lucky to have this gym right on my office building.
Amazing classes, trainers and staff.
Awesome gym, always clean and amazing coaches!
Dropped in at this gym on one of our trips to phx.
This gym is very spacious and clean with lots of equipment.
I have a personal trainer (paul) who does more than most.
The best gym in america, regardless of the location.
First-rate services - salon, cafe, pool, tennis, squash, yoga, weights, cardio, everything.
I absolutely love my trainer as well.
I would recommend this gym to anyone--just be sure you understand the payment schedule before you leave.
I love la fitness.
I chose this gym over goodlife, even though i can get a nice discount at goodlife through my company.
Equipment is new, tv on cardio machines (which makes me want to do cardio so that i can watch tlc!
I like the overall feeling la fitness gives me i love it.
The gym feels like a small community.
Joined this gym for the classes.
Needed a gym while in town for a conference.
Easily the most annoying thing about this gym.
We searched for gymnastics for our gd and so happy we picked this one.
Cleanest gym that i have been to.
I stayed at the venetian this weekend and went to the gym to exercise.
I have not had to wait for any weights or machines to use for my workouts.
This is a very clean, well-kept gym.
Other than that, a great month-to-month, inexpensive, and no contract option for someone looking for a gym.
More importantly they incorporate stregth routines with cardio for a great overall workout.
The facility is large with 2 connecting rooms (one for cf and one for functional fitness/hiit).
Their fitness equipment is brand new.
My favorite part of this gym is the "woody" or 45deg wall.
This is such a cool idea that i haven't seen at any other gyms.
I love being able to go to the gym any time of the day.
Awesome coaches, training, and resources.
The gym itself is great, if it matches what you are looking for.
There are plenty of weights and machines though.
The only issue i have with this place, is that is attracts some of the worse gym customers.
Only a handful of people take the time to re-rack weights, and return equipment to it's proper places.
On the one hand, at least they put the weights back, but they leave very little room for anyone else.
Absolutely no forced sale or stressful experience you'd expect at gyms or similar businesses.
The high tech cardio and strength machines are the latest in technology.
The center section of the weight room has trx, kettlebells, battle ropes, rowing machines, sandbags and much more.
Brooke, one of the trainers, was kind enough to explain more of the machine to me.
Great gym and location on my way to work in the morning.
Mens/ women separate sauna, public pool, hottub, raquetball, basketball, and plenty of cardio and weight equipment to go around.
Gym looked clean to me.
I'm a fan of la fitness as it serves its purpose at a reasonable price.
Equipment: always newish equipment at la fitness regardless of location.
Cardio machines operate smoothly (especially now as they're new).
Cleanliness: guys it's a gym, there's going to be sweat, it's not going to look like a museum.
Again it's a gym, go in there to crush your workout and leave feeling good!
No real bad la fitness locations in pittsburgh in my opinion.
This gym has a convenient location with plenty of parking spaces in the back.
Staff is friendly from the front desk to the personal trainers.
This gym is awesome!
She walked me through everything and set me up with the best trainer, frank!
Pretty nice 24 hour fitness!
We were just here visiting and needed a gym to get a good workout in.
It was clean , had all the necessary equipment, and tons of cardio equipment upstairs.
We came in veterans day and they had a dj with great music and deals on their gym clothing.
Most of them use to be a gold's gym so if you like gold's you will feel comfortable at eos.
They have classes, a lap pool, cinema room (cardio in the dark while watching a movie).
Equipment - very modern and plenty of cardio machines to use with personal tv viewing which i find very convenient.
Spa / pool area - this area is always a must for my list of gym needs.
Price - what they charge a month here is equivalent to nearly 5 months at other gyms.
As you can see from my detailed review the pros far out weight the cons for this place.
Other then that this gym makes working out very convienent many services and their staff is upbeat and helpful
Training to undo bad habits is hard work, but maya is patient, caring, and extremely knowledgeable.
Iv been to other gyms before, but i can say that world gym is pretty damn good for $10/ month.
I have nothing but good things to say about world gym.
The gym equipment are well kept and in good shape.
I would definately give this gym a try it has everything you need if you"re looking to get fit.
This is my home gym.
I really like this gym but machines are always broken!
Good gym, sometimes i just wish it was a little bit bigger.
I think the trainers do a good job of changing up the workouts particularly the resistance portion.
The trainers are also very helpful if you have questions about proper weightlifting technique or form.
(i have a bad back and the trainers have been helpful in instructing me in alternate moves.)
I do the gym thing.
This is a nice gym.
My old gym had mainly gay guys, which was always nice and highly entertaining.
The map location and the gym hours are incorrect.
They have plenty of options out to cater to each gym member's preference.
I was in the search for a new gym since the one i used to go to closed.
I tried a few gyms before i came across metro.
Their circuit training sessions are different everyday and they are intense.
The other gyms i tried, didn't have the personal effect i have been so used to from my previous gym.
At home, and when i visit las vegas, i work out with trainers x3 a week, and do cardio separate.
In all, i go, i train, try not to die, and repeat.
This is the best anytime fitness i have ever been to in the country.
I wish all anytime fitness franchise owners ran their places like this one.
This is specifically for the palazzo side of the gym, whereas the spa is used by both venetian and palazzo.
The gym here is significantly smaller than the one at the venetian, but it is often far less crowded too.
That's how the gym at four seasons westlake works and it seems quite efficient!
Will definitely be going to this gym on occasion.
Colter is one of the trainers at impact bootcamp and honestly one of the main reasons i go.
And this website also has some nifty tools to keep track of your weight, what your eating, water intake.
Impact needs their own gym, its an inconvenience to work out in a gym that belongs to someone else.
I now use this gym primarily!
If you want a gym that more than just a "gym" come here.
I have been with my personal trainer max for a year and love it.
Groupon had a great low price for unlimited classes :) great way to get back into the fitness world.
The room is spacious and the trainer will has been great!
If your looking to get fit and lose weight this is the place :)
If pilates, strength training and cardio had a baby, this is it!
Meagan and jeshua are the illest trainers.
), the music keeps you pumped and the megaformer is the answer to all your fitness dreams.
:p this gym is also very well equipped, very clean, and they have a long lap pool.
Being new to the area i wanted a 24/7 gym like i had in california.
I tried planet fitness first but i had to drive 15 min to the closest one.
Free weights, battle ropes, a room with spinning bikes, bathrooms with showers and a tanning bed.
Can't really complain except nobody re racks their weights.
I set this week in vegas to be my off-week from the gym.
The gym seems clean.
Members their rack the weight they use.
Me & my son joined this gym in february this year and wished we would have sooner...we love this place!!
If you want a personal trainer ask for robert!!
A sock here, shirt there, gym shorts the next week.
Plenty of machines, weights and room.
Great gym with wide range of equipment.
Also very reasonable pricing for a gym with 24/7 access.
If your in need of a gym in this area this one can meet your needs.
He makes it entertaining & could easily be the next fitness personality w/his own show or infomercial.
Best eos fitness in vegas!
Shout out to maurice the manager and my personal trainer guillermo!
(two best employees)  i had a horrible experience at the lake mead location and was about to quit the gym.
These two men helped me get out of a horrible trainer.
So grateful to have lifetime fitness in green valley.
It's a great bouldering gym with just a small ropes wall, worth it!
The trainers and other members are like family at this point.
I planned a charity event and the gym staff advertised it to all members - without me asking.
The other members are so welcoming as well, regardless of what stage you're in in your fitness journey.
I can't say enough good things about this gym!
This gym has changed my life and physical appearance!
I've never looked forward to going to the gym, but vagus has changed my outlook on working out.
The small class sizes, fun atmosphere and very knowledgable trainers keep me coming back...i'm addicted!
I love the variety of classes like combat fusion, core cardio, and trx fusion.
We love the open floor plan and the hours and convenience of this gym.
Scrap your gym membership and sign up.
I was not a big fan of the gym until now!
I highly recommend him if you are looking for a trainer!
Fitness manager rudy diaz is also a great guy, i loved his workout classes and his overall energy!
I noticed a new fitness manager, nigel and he seems just as nice too.
Best gym i've ever belonged to.
The owner runs an amazing gym.
The trainers are all personable and well trained.
Best gym sign up ever!
This is by far the best gym joining experience i've ever had.
He really learned what i wanted to accomplish and then paired me with a trainer.
My trainer, john z is awesome!
I original joined this gym (box) in january 2014 when it was known as scottsdale health care (shc).
I've never had that feeling at any other gym in my life!
This gym creates a culture of true fitness.
It pushes cardiorespiratory endurance, stamina, strength and flexibility.
They specialize in total body fitness.
I, myself, have seen results in my physical ability and weight lost in over a month.
I love my planet fitness!
But my visits to this gym are always a positive experience!
Love how clean this gym looks the staff is very friendly felt welcomed as soon as i walked in!
It is a nice place, but i started taking yoga, privately, so no need for the gym for now.
This gym checks all my boxes.
Thank you underground fitness !!
The studio connects with "mind body" as does some of my yoga and other gyms.
I love this gym!
I can honestly say i can do 50-60 minutes of intense cardio without thinking about it.
The free weights area is full of new equipment and their machines are well kept and maintained.
It's like training outside but in air conditioning.
Most gyms give you a month at most to get your sessions in.
This has been my gym for about 2 years now and i love it here.
Would definitely recommend this gym to anyone!
Wish i could wipe handles down with cleansing wet wipes before and after, like at the gym.
The gym looks amazing!
I would highly recommend this gym and i have referred a lot of people here!
I was hoping to find a good gym that had the equipment i needed for my fitness training.
This gym is great.
Note: i go to this gym twice a day.
This is such an amazing gym.
It feels like it's your own personal gym not some corporate monster.
The trainers are terrific , the owner is sweet and courteous.
Hands down the best crossfit gym out there!
And while hotel gyms have improved dramatically over the years, nothing beats a great gym.
Hours from 4:00am -12:00 midnight, great strength and cardio equipment, and the facility is very clean.
If i lived near this gym, i'd get a membership in a second.
Its a great gym to get in bust your ass and get out.
Great new facility, reminds me of a seattle gym.
They even have a nice little gym with some free weights!
They have towel service in the locker rooms and weight floor + steam/sauna.
Best decision joining this gym!
Owner, ryan is the nicest guy, gym is well kept and when something needs attention it's addressed quickly.
I give this gym 5 stars because it meets all my expectations plus more!
The trainer mario is awesome and he really works with you one on one each day that you are there.
This place is favorite gym by far!
Staff is very friendly and plenty of cardio and weights for everyone!
The fitness center includes a rock-climbing wall apparently.
That made this gym perfect.
Oh well, think of it as a sauna cardio workout.
Sweat all that water weight off.
The weight selection is good, though there is a shortage of benches, but there are many other options in machines.
Of course i am hitting the gym.
I was a member at another gym in the area for over four years.
What prompted me to look into another gym was the crap weekend hours.
The free weight section is huge and they got iron grip dumbbells that go up to 150lbs.
One of the biggest differences that i've come to realize is this gym is for people who take fitness seriously.
Its not just a gym its also family!
Ive never met anyone at the gym that hasn't gotten results.
Colby is a crossfit level 3 trainer, which is a testament to his dedication and love of coaching crossfit.
I can't recommend this gym enough!
He is constantly making sure that form is accurate and pushes everyone to a higher level of fitness.
If you are into serious fitness or bodybuilding you will appreciate it.
The universal machines have special motion exclusive to 24 hour fitness.
The gym is large and very clean.
Thank you very much to nicholette is friendly, enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the gym!
The gym is clean, well kept & has a wide open lay-out.
It offers numerous cardio, strength, free weights and many more machines.it has an indoor heated pool, whirlpool, steam & sauna.
It offers different classes such as yoga, senior fitness and zumba, to name a few.
My favorites are the zumba and senior fitness classes.
Gez keller is an amazing  zumba & senior fitness instructor.
Liz is a burst of positive energy zumba & senior fitness instructor.
She is  a skilled choreographer:  i look forward going to 24 hour fitness- rainbow for a  fun, extensive work-out.
I have made so many new friends and now look forward to going to the gym.
This is not your typical vegas gym.
I laugh, i sweat, i love this gym!
This location is by far the nicest of all the gold level gyms i've been to.
This is the only gym i know of that has 5 not just 1 but 5 squat racks.
Been a member of anytime fitness (pinole, ca) since august.
First and foremost, this gym occupies a very large property and is very visible from the outside.
Lots of security cameras so the gym feels secure.
A few vinyl rips and tears in some of the cushioning but that is expected with gyms.
Perhaps a similar model may help keep this gym in a cleaner state.
This is the best crossfit gym i've ever been to.
Cleanest gym i've ever been too, even with members running outside and coming back in, even with people using chalk.
This is the only crossfit gym i'll ever come too.
The trainers are awesome and make the gym feel like family.
I really don't like large gyms and hesitated to join this gym.
What would make this the best gym ever?
Members using good gym etiquette with better attire.
I've been to four mountainside fitness locations and this one is my favorite.
Great place to train with great trainers.
The gym is super clean, equipment is well maintained and the location is easy to find/access.
The local members were some of the most welcoming people that i've ever encountered in a gym.
The trainers motivate you not push you.
In october i started dropping weight by adjusting my diet.
50 lbs into my weight loss i hit a plateau that had held for almost a month.
A friend at work recommended metro fitness and their training approach.
I signed up for a year, and a package of 30 personal training courses.
My weight hasn't really started to drop, but my body composition is already beginning to change.
My trainer is amazing.
We love the little gym.
Our little gymsters can crawl around and play on mats and beams.
Super excited about joining this gym and staring my weight-loss journey!!
When you join you get a free hour with a trainer.
The place looks amazing and they have tvs attached to all of the cardio machines.
There usually isn't many machines that are down which is nice and the gym is kept pretty clean.
Plus he is very convenient with your schedule to help you make time to get your training in.
I would recommend him to anyone who wants to change there fitness life for a positive direction !!
Love the open gym time they offer and love that they're open on sundays as well!
The gym is gorgeous and the equipment looked clean and well kept.
There were plenty of cardio machines as well as an extensive set of weight machines and free weights.
Thought it would be something like a mesh of high school football training and bootcamp.
I love this gym, it's such a cool location!
I'm at the gym quite a bit, so it's important that i'm comfortable and the environment is chill.
-full bodied (there is strength, cardio, core, balance that are worked throughout the 9 rounds that comprise a workout.
The trainer at this location, mario - makes the workout fun.
All you have to lose is some weight, and some stress!
I attended a cardio circuit class here for one of yelp's fit club events.
The gym itself is clean with a simple layout & nice equipment.
Of course the cardio circuits are suitable for all levels so you can modify & go at your own pace.
Let's just say my first day at la fitness was not all that great.
Well we had an awesome time playing racquetball and i also joined the gym too.
It is my first membership at a gym and i'm excited to work out all the time.
Hopefully the gym will open at the correct time and not a half an hour late.
Personally i love coming to this gym when i visit scottsdale.
Overall it's a great gym for lifters, although i can't comment on any of the classes they offer.
They also keep the gym cool so it's never too hot or cold.
No gym is perfect.
Always have to remember gyms are a sweat factory and aren't going to be the ritz 24/7.
I enjoy visiting this gym very much!
My trainer eli (ali) is amazing!
This has been my favorite gym i've tried!
Rachel is someone who has set me up with trainers, and she has been so helpful.
My trainer rudy, i could brag about for hours!
He is amazing and really has helped me start to bring my fitness to the next level.
I would absolutely recommend trying out this gym.
It has top of the line workout equipment ad weights, a nice pool, friendly staff, and even a little cafe.
This gym was great.
The other places just showed me their gym and asked did i want to sign up today.
Place is clean and well lit, but not like a designer gym.
My favorite gym in town!
This gym is better than both for many reasons!
I def recommend this gym to everyone who truly wants to live a healthier lifestyle.
Title boxing is absolutely the most friendly and welcoming gym i've ever been to anywhere.
This is by far the best gym for the price!
Definitely a gym to get big quick at.
It's twice as pricey as gold's or la fitness... but it's twice as awesome!
As someone who goes to the gym over my lunch break, i couldn't ask for anything more from a gym.
The equipment from the cardio machines to the pool is well maintained and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
After being spoiled with lifetime for over 3 years, i honestly could never switch gyms, call me a snob ...
I tried this gym for the first time and i loved it.
Some trainers are better than others but i've only had two and i enjoyed class with both of them.
My goals were to improve my cardio and lose ten pounds.
Studio remixx is hands down one of the best lagree fitness studios around!
I found lagree fitness when i lived in la and have been a student for over 10 years.
Meagan and jeshua are excellent trainers and two of the best i've ever worked with.
So good  to have a great gym in the community, clean, new, fresh and the circuit section rocks.
Makes your workout smooth, in and out in 30 minutes unless you want some extra cardio.
I am not a typical "gym" person.
20 lbs of baby weight in just 3 months.
The strength training richelle teaches is awesome.
This gym/club is one of the best things about living in henderson!
The cardio and weight machines are plentiful, well maintained, and up to date models.
Comparatively to other planet  fitness centers its very well maintained.
The gym set up is great.
It has the weights/ellipticals/ab sections and the 30 minute workout room.
Dear lifetime fitness... please come to the sf bay area.
You make me love to work-out and be consistent in getting to the gym.
And i love how you kinda rotate people thru the gym.
This is the mom and pop shop of crossfit gyms.
The gym is a great gym for fitness goers.
Dave customized a plan for my own needs and enlisted trish to assist me with my mobility and cardiovascular training.
After training four days a week for six months, the transformation has been fantastic.
Great gym, cheap rates.
I get better gym workouts, or more focus rather, in tighter proximity.
Nice selection of equipment for a smaller gym as well.
Have been going to underground fitness for 8 wks, and i really enjoy the positive vibes!
Dante, joel, and the other trainers do a splendid job every time teaching the class.
The trainer today did a fantastic job!
It really reflects in the gym and how the business is ran!
Service is decent and the gym members mind their own business.
Just the little things, this gym is terrible at the little things!
I do not like the policy of having to pay to go outside my home gym.
It's like working out with a personal trainer, but in a group setting.
It's a cardio circuit training type of class.
So much more than a gym!
Thank you lifetime fitness for a great facility.
Great workout and trainers.
This is my fav gym in las vegas.
Also the gym is really clean and the employees are nice.
But the gym is the bomb!
It's intimidating going to a gym but i feel really comfortable there!
I was pleasantly surprised that the fitness center was included with the luxor room (the convenience fee covered the cost).
Once i got over that, i was expecting a small 2 treadmill gym and man was i wrong!
This is a full gym with plenty of treadmills and stationary bikes, and 6 elliptical's.
There is a full set of free weights, bench press with it's own full set of weights.
The gym was very clean and had great music.
It's mainly cardio machines, a decent dumbbell area up front, and cables on the left corner.
For the low price that you pay this gym is pretty good.
This is my new spot for my fitness needs.
Tons of instructor base and on demand fitness classes are available.
There are people of all fitness levels in the class and each workout can be altered to fit each person.
The gym has kettlebells, weights, machines, and tires to drag outside.
I was looking for a crossfit box to take my training to the next level.
It's the usual gympires like myself when i'm here, rarely i come during the day because i work graveyard.
This gym is no frills and very convenient for my significant other and i.
It's clean and has most of everything that you need at a gym.
A lot cardio equipment.
Plenty of tvs in cardio area.
Ample amount of weight machines and free weight area.
Overall an adequate gym for the average gym goer.
This is one of the older pure fitness clubs (judging by the equipment and the building).
The mindset at pure fitness is more focuses on getting you in shape , rather then playing games.
They provide a trainer when you sign up (no additional charge) to point you in the right direction.
The asian trainer is bomb.
The personal trainers really make you believe in yourself when you have given up on yourself...
I don't say this often but i am sorry for the poor review that i gave this gym earlier...
I recommend this gym and their trainers and classes for all ages...
What a great gym.
The staff and trainers are top notch and friendly and very motivating without making you cry.
Affortable gym and friendly staff.
This is not a gym where no one talks to each other - quite the contrary.
The trainer pushes you to your limit, and it will show within weeks.
He is dedicated to helping you reach your fitness goals.
It's a small gym with a friendly community of clients, and it's a great place to reduce your stress level.
They have daycare, discounted family memberships, friday "night out" baby sitting, after school tutoring, kids gym and a sports teams.
Yeah mid day is crowded with all the classes and trainers out, but thats the beauty of 24/7.
I recently signed up for this la fitness but i was a member when it was a 24hr fitness.
Nothing made me leave, i just had access to a gym in school.
Fitness science hasn't changed over the years and so its really all you need to work all the muscle groups.
I also recently had a training session with britni who was super helpful.
If i ever have enough  money for a personal trainer, i'm going straight to him.
You also get free spa and gym admission for the whole day when you purchase any service over $50.
The other gym members are really personable, willing to welcome, and help motivate you to get moving.
I definitely would suggest this gym to anyone and recommend it to others often.
Really like this gym.
This gym is smaller but its perfect for me.
The equipment is up to date life fitness , is super clean and it always smells good in there.
The gym is open 24/7 which is nice, i dont feel rushed to leave when i workout in the evening.
Gym is really nice lots of room lots of equipment.
But eos would be the ultimate gym around.
Even half the gym with some.
I love this gym.
The gym is always cleaned.
Other gyms can even compare.
Best gym i've ever been to.
You hear all these horrible horror stories of wanna be crossfit gyms and it's truly unfortunate.
The trainers/coaches here care about every single member.
Great sport climbing gym.
Great no frills gym!
There are small single person change rooms around the perimeter and the lockers are in the main gym room.
Completely impressed by eos fitness.
I see an average of 30 gyms a year during my travels.
Worth the visit just to see how a gym should look like.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
It's more like a resort then a gym.
The pool is what got me sold to this gym.
I've been to a few gyms where people laugh and joke on bigger people or even older people.
I can honestly say that every bit of this gym is clean.
I've never been to a gym with so many different options.
I got a free gym bag and t-shirt too.
So far this place is my dream gym!!
I agree with other reviewers that this gym is dated.
This is by far the best climbing gym in the city.
Not only is the gym itself awesome, so is the atmosphere!
I'm not really a regular gym person, but my friend took me to basecamp to try out a class.
I have become a basecamp junkie, and would definitely recommend it to anyone of any fitness level!
The class format of cardio, stretching and strength ensure you get a full body work-out every time.
They also have now started charging extra if you want to use the gym.
The gym is awesome for bouldering since they have an insane amount of problems to work on.
This gym has really gotten me excited about fitness again.
I know they don't have everything other gyms have (read other reviews) but it works great for me.
I love the express circuit training.
I have to agree with elle...this gym is awesome.
They are in this studio room behind the functional fitness area and i strongly suggest you try it.
Same pricing as if you went to planet fitness but so much more it's a real gym.
Place is always clean, the trainers are awesome.
If you are not crazy picky you'll like this gym.
This review is for the fitness and aqua therapy spa area.
But the rest of the gym is very nice and pretty spacious.
This gym has an outstanding trainer named jim paul who has a wonderful demeanor with clients.
Awesome gym, i'm in the area for work and i got the week pass.
Large, clean gym with ample parking.
Amazing trainer colby and collin very friendly atmosphere!!!
This gym went above and beyond to make sure i had a great time.
The trainer, chad, ensured i was lifting safely and scaled the workout perfectly for my abilities.
We all know lifetime fitness is expensive so let's get that out of the way.
The gym itself is smaller than the other location but i could deal with that.
This is usually the "no-no-" time to go to the gym because of that sickening after work crowd comes in.
I did a total of five classes this week and had devon, al and jennifer as trainers.
I enjoy my time at this gym and especially with lyndia!
Massive gyms, lots of equipment, pool, slide in the pool and endless amount of camps for your children.
This is the best gym in westeros.
They have weights here that even the mountain/ hounds brother would lift from time to time.
This gym stands out for me because they have a really large outdoor lap pool.
If the members of the gym acted like adults and put their weights away that wouldn't be a problem.
Lifetime athletic is one of the better gyms that i have been a member of.
I am currently a member of lvac, golds gym, and lifetime and spend 90% of my workouts here.
I absolutely love this gym!
Thank you planet fitness!
(don't let the name fool you, this location of bloor fitness really is on dupont!)
What a refreshing change from the big chain gyms!
While not huge, the gym has a good variety of free weights, machines and cardio equipment.
Also, although it bills itself as a boxing gym, there is no boxing ring.
If you're in need for an amazing trainer, ask for kristoff!
It also has a fun water park for the summertime and a gym if you ever want to workout
A very cool gym at pitt ...
It's spacious, lots of natural light, many cardio & weight machines and a good number of racquetball courts.
The gym has invested more money into getting a few more rogue barbells.
Az training lab is legit!!!
I joined the gym when they first opened, and i cannot imagine ever going anywhere else.
I attribute this to the variance of the workouts, and the attentiveness of the owners/trainers.
Ben and dave are absolutely phenomenal at getting the best out of you, in and out of the gym.
I highly recommend going to atl for your fitness future.
I would recommend this location over any good life and would recommend this gym to anyone.
Cardio must be balanced with weights and resistance training.
I feel like the trainers at otf can help fitness beginners or veteran enthusiasts alike with finding the right balance.
She is so nice and is smiling every time i walk in this fantastic gym.
It's a small gym, but the value is there.
Overall i'd say it is a good value and a decent gym!
I have had my share of gyms, but this by far is the nicest aesthetically.
That's why we go to the gym, so you will have everyone in different stages.
Fitness equipment ( most) has their own tv.
Fierce & fit for life is a one stop shop supporting all your fitness and nutritional goals.
(rare in most gyms) family price deals nice showers, no grungy sinks or hair around drains (eww) helpful staff  cons?
This is the fitness/spa center for the palazzo and venetian hotels.
I didn't use the spa feature, only the fitness center.
There are several training areas and a heavy bag.
Plenty of free weights as well.
I believe they have personal trainers available.
Opened 24/7 for classes, personal training & working out.
La fitness is your middle of the road gym.
Nothing fancy but better than planet fitness & you fit.
One of la fitness' major flaws is it's inconsistency.
Although, i think this could be a problem with any gym.
The sales people at la fitness are horrible!
Overall, if you're looking for an average gym at a good price point this is it.
The gym is wonderful.
I am at my gym at home daily and this is like a vacation workout.
If you want a fancy gym, go to mountainside or lifetime.
Yardfit lv is a great fitness community.katie and the coaches truly want you to be the best you can be.
The gym is clean, the equipment is great and the people are awesome.
If you frequent the gym long enough, the staff will know you by name.
From the balls to the bands or your own body weight.
Haven't had time for a gym.
Now i have a set schedule and found time to go to the gym 7 days a week.
In search of a gym i found eos never heard of the place wasn't even sure what it is.
The gym is super clean and the environment is just what i needed!!!
They have early-morning classes, afternoon, and evening, along with weekends, and the option for personal training.
The healthiest i've ever been with my diet and my fitness.
Bring gym towels people.
Steve (the owner) is incredible and i also trained with chad and walt, who were both fantastic.
The workout itself is hardcore, even more than my gym up in nyc.
After my review of the customer service i received the other day, i was contacted by the gym manager.
Thank you anna for contacting me and correcting the issue for i will continue be a member of your gym.
There are towels and sanitation wipes all over the gym, it's great!
They offered me guest passes and a complimentary personal training session.
Good music is playing throughout the gym.
They have a small fitness area and a yoga area.
Coach was great, gym was nice and the members were friendly.
I am constantly looking to integrate new training principles and ideas into my fitness regimen.
The main trainer derrick is modest, low key, positive and highly experienced with his military background and training expertise.
Free bottles of water are provided at the gym, as well as towels galore.
There's plenty of cardio equipment- all new and the latest models- and you never have to wait in line.
The weight room is also huge and stocked.
The gym also has an indoor climbing wall, but i haven't tried it.
As a crossfit trainer at another facility,  i always love dropping by crossfit black storm whenever possible!
Pulse fitness is an amazing place to workout!
It's not a gym where you feel intimidated, out of place, or alone.
I highly recommend this gym.
Visiting family in town, dropped into lafitness to workout.
The trainers who teach classes are great and all the employees are really nice and get to know you.
Jason has also recently re-modeled the gym; giving it a fresh new look.
The trainers are the best around!
Hands down the best gym experience i've ever had in my life.
The trainers are top notch - they seem genuinely invested in each members success.
The gym is always clean and organized.
But this place is run exceptionally well and it deserves to be one of the top gyms in vegas.
They do need more racks for free weights though.
The canyon ranch spa and fitness club is one of the best finds in vegas.
If you're looking for a top-notch workout with well-trained, inspiring fitness pros, this is the place.
I was impressed with yvette and sue's expertise, both are highly knowledgeable, dedicated fitness professionals.
Here's a  tip:  book yourself a spa appointment and you'll get the fitness club and all classes free.
This is arguably the best gym for the money in the parma area.
I love going to this gym besides downtown phoenix.
She makes everyone feel welcome here, regardless of age or fitness level.
Jake is a very knowledgeable trainer and always keeps me challenged and motivates me to push myself harder.
We did cardio for 50 mins, weight machines/exercise ball for 50 mins.
I love this gym.
Im always in the cardio theater.
It's a fun environment for working out...not intimidating like other bigger gyms out there.
Feels so good to have a personal trainer without having to actually pay for the personal trainer.
It is a very small class (2-3 students) and we work with a personal trainer.
So glad i tried it today and i will definitely add it to my gym classes schedule!
I believe this place is awesome for cardio and the facility is nice.
However, if you are looking for strength training too you may want another place.
The best gym that i have ever been a part of.
I was grandfathered in when la fitness bought out all the 24hour fitness locations.
This is a good thing, since i pay hardly anything per year and now have more gym locations to attend.
Trisha is a wonderful trainer and i highly recommend her she knows what she is doing.
They also offer cardio tennis, stroke clinics and private lessons.
Ask for him to get your fitness on!
Este gymnasio esta a toda madre raza!
Yo no e visto otro gym como este y a buen precio que no va doler a los bolsillos.
Good gym, great pool.
The gym itself is pretty clean and never too packed.
Great gym that caters to everyone whether you are a beginner to working out or a fitness veteran.
People, including the staff are generally friendly and helpful but aloof as they should be for a downtown fitness club.
I will never go back to a traditional gym!
Crossfit is group personal training.
Not sure what could be wrong with a gym.
The gym i always went to at u of t.
First off, this is not the size and high price like lifetimefitness.
It's a large, clean, simple newish gym.
It has large enough spin class and group fitness rooms.
Been here since the gym opened as golds.
Whatever your age or fitness level this will work for you.
Excited to check out the fitness classes that are included in the price for my four-year-old and for myself.
My husband plans to use the weights more than the classes and we went for the family membership.
An all-around awesome gym for families/couples/singles.
They have tried karate, gymnastics and zumba and have had so much fun.
You will not always find trainers that pay attention to your form the way they should.
Last thing: they don't charge you and arm and a leg like most crossfit gyms.
Cleanest gym i've ever been to.
This is not your average gym.
They could use some more squat racks and treadmills (the gym has mostly cable resistance machines).
All in all, a good functional gym.
While it is a no frills gym, they have great class instructors (candice for bodypump) and (tracy for spin!).
As hard as the classes are, i'm excited to go to the classes because of how great the trainers are.
I highly recommend this gym to anyone who wants to be apart of a fitness family!
I've really let my fitness go - i had not worked out hard in years.
I really appreciate this place for getting me back on track with my fitness!
Trainers are awesome and push my wife to lose the weight that's been holding her back physically and emotionally.
My family and i have been looking for a good gym we could all enjoy for awhile.
Every other gym we looked at pressured us to sign up that day otherwise we wouldn't get a good deal.
This gym is amazing.
There is always something to do,which is hard to find in a gym with two children.
I am very grateful to start my healthy journey with this outstanding gym and their amazing staff!
I love this gym!!!!
I've done other gyms but this is the best.
Plenty of yoga and fitness classes of all types.
They should call it lifetime fitness & resort.
I'm very happy to pay the extra .50/day or so above other gyms!
Great gym with a very helpful staff!!
Best gym i've gone to so far.
I've been on a fitness binge lately and trying out a crossfit class was on my list.
This gym is very clean and the staff does a great job tho!
I've never had to wait for a bed since this gym is quietly tucked away!
Wide open layout, carpeted weight area, and every type of free weight, strength machine and cardio that you could want.
Was updated some years ago with the newer cardio machines, including the newer recumbent bikes.
It is for the most part kept clean and the gym has an over all peaceful feeling to it.
Fantastic gym for what it is.
Great mix of machines, free weights, trx, and stretching equipment.
Extremely clean- both gym and executive feel locker rooms.
Also, the gym itself is always clean and is set up really nice!
I love this gym and the associates!!
Go to this gym!
I've been a member at this gym for the past two years and i really like the facility.
Overall though, an excellent gym!
Nice gym, managers handle equipment issues quickly.
Lots of free weights and benches.
They have an active basketball court that sometimes doubles as a circuit training area for boot camp "trainees".
And some racks, weights and medicine balls you'd expect in a crossfit place.
I feel my membership dollars are being spent properly to keep the gym nice.
This isn't a gym it's so much more.
My kid wants to come to this fitness club almost everyday, she keeps me coming regularly, which is awesome.
Has a basketball gym, swimming pool, and racquetball courts.
After that, you grab your weights and equipment, line up, and they review everybody's form for each of the movements.
Since joining vvv in april 2017, i have seen a huge improvement in my performance, nutrition and weight management.
Great, clean, and convenient gym.
Great coaches/trainers at this location.
Always motivating, knowledgeable, well trained and really push me to do my absolute best on my workout!
Also took a class from austin today, a newer trainer/coach and no surprise, amazing job.
The coaches/trainers at this location (sharpri, austin, devon, fabrice and sebaston just to name a few) total dream team!
This gym is nice.
Usually not overcrowded and they have everything you could want at a gym.
Sydney along with the other trainers is wonderful.
The best way to describe life time fitness is that it is essentially a "country club style gym."
I would highly recommend joining life time fitness to anyone who is looking for a awesome, clean, innovative facility.
A decent gym with lots of weights and machines to choose from.
Wish they would build a gym in the southwest area.
But it's the trainers and music that keep you coming back.
The benefit of this training facility is that it is a very intimate setting.
I am an evening fitness person, so i like the variety of after-work classes available.
The people are amazing and so is the training.
I have really started to love coming to this gym for a quick lunchtime workout!!
The gym is laid out fairly nicely with a cardio area and weight area separated by a basketball court.
-weight area- for being a small area, they have a good amount of stuff.
I think there are about 4 unassisted squat stands/bars, which is alot for this size gym.
Great place for cardio and the place is kept very clean.
People still go there to lift weights even though the gym is not really geared towards that.
Not really big on the way all the cardio machines are facing towards the weights and weight machines.
Most of all i like that the gym membership is ten dollars a month.
Not big on having to give the gym a checking account number.
I've been coming to this gym for 5 months now.
Perfect facility, perfect gym clothes(probably from dick's), perfect bodies, and even perfect children being perfectly nutritious.
She yelled loudly and spoke so damn quickly about why the gym was, "like, so totally awesome!!!"
I've never seen weight machines come with lcd screens that customize your workout!
The (free)yoga and pilates(separate charge) rooms wasn't like your typical gym room.
(i know, i'm a dork)  so there was 3 things that completely sold me on this gym.
This isn't a gym, it's a resort!
Best gym and training facility ever!
I've been an avid gym goer for many years now.
And i finally decided to go to eos fitness just because the prices were great.
She was more of the reason why i signed up vs the actual gym!
Personal training, fees, concerns with anything she is there!
Brian and maurice are the best personal trainers ever!!
I can't wait to train with them again (:
There is only one on the wall behind the cardio machines while none by the free weights.
Place needs to move kettlebells out of the small training session room and put some on the floor.
This is a great gym.
It is well managed and the gym is in great shape.
I think it is better gym than any other gym near by.
I love swimming, basketball, and cardio.
This gym is great!
The gym is incredibly clean and the equipment is really well taken care of and maintained.
- by and large, most of the members have been much friendlier than at other gyms.
The douchebag percentage is much lower than at most gyms...and waaayyyyy lower than lvac where it breaks the douche-a-meter!
With the majority of people here being relatively new to fitness, isn't this a horrible thing to make available??
I dont remember seeing him on the gym floor at all.
-i need more weight!!!
The nordstrom of workout gyms.
I love that there are so many women in the free weight area.
The sense of community among trainers and members is outstanding!
Since arriving this january never thinking planet fitness could ever be any better than the years past.
I was pleasantly surprised, this new crew is friendly and very helpful with any of my fitness needs.
Great staff, nice selection of equipment for a neighborhood gym.
Then the second 30 minutes was in the weight area of the gym.
:)  after reading through some yelp and google reviews...and due to distance...i decided to give mountainside fitness a shot.
:)  i was never hassled regarding personal training or anything i didn't go in there for.
I think for the price of this gym monthly, it is worth every penny.
I use the gym a few times a week - always clean, always organized, and the staff is great.
The trampoline classes are what make eleve stand out from the other boutique fitness studios in town.
The trampoline is a perfect way for someone who has bad joints to get in their cardio.
You will never leave a class without also dong strength training, stretching, and a positive affirmation closing meditation.
Favorite gym i've been to in the area with super cheap prices!
I joined this gym a year ago and enjoy going several times a week.
There is more than enough cardio equipment.
First of all, the gym just opened up so i decided to check it out.
The gym is one of the best i've seen, very sleek and clean.
It is a very big gym, so having no room isn't a problem.
This area is so small compared to every other gym's deadlift/cross fit area.
The gym just opened up, so i didn't expect it to have every machine in the world.
The cardio machines are great.
The locker rooms are nicer than other gym's.
This gym probably has one of the best showers i've seen too.
The gm, hit him up anytime you need anything at this gym!
Fitness is his passion!
You can buy a day pass to use the fitness and spa facilities.
That pass also includes the fitness classes, which were mostly held in the morning.
Other amenities - canyon ranch has an extremely nice fitness facility.
There is ample cardio and weight training equipment to burn those calories.
If you are expecting a top end concierge gym this is not it, and it doesn't cost nearly as much.
I've been a member of this gym for a few months now.
I enjoy working out here and i love the trainer that i have.
This makes it more comfortable for me when i come on my days off of my trainer.
There is one down side to this gym.
It often feels like the ac isn't working in certain sections of the gym.
The facility, classes and trainers are fantastic.
I worked with trainer april and she was uh-mazing!
If you're starting your fitness journey and need some help and great support go see april!
I like this gym.
All ages and sizes go to this gym.
The ladies in the groups have all been great to work out with and are all levels of fitness.
The trainer that i have been working with has been fantastic.
The pricing is a bit cheaper here than the other mainstream gym in town.
I would recommend this gym.
Did their 6 week challenge program and attained my fitness goal.
A gym with health and healthy food together, i call that brilliant!
The atmosphere of the gym is warm and inviting!
This is a great gym with professional instructors.
If that's something you value in a gym.
I've also worked with one of the trainers- monty.
The training has given me a future.
Absolutely loved the energy and the warmth of the studio and the owners who are also the trainers.
My regular gym, tried others but they don't compare.
We love this private little gym.
24 hour access without the pressure of the big club gyms.
Also the fitness on demand classes in the studio are nice.
Planet fitness gets a bad rap and i decided to check this gym out.
I've been scouting gyms in my area and this was one of the closest ones.
However ultimately decided against this gym as it lacked equipment for my personal fitness goals.
The gym is big, the amenities are on par (or nicer) than those at lvac.
The gym is clean and well maintained.
The fitness & spa facility is amazing!
I wonder how much weight i can lose sitting in that room?!!
I love this gym!
This was a gold's gym once upon a time.
If you are looking for an old school feel without all the foo-foo, this is the gym for you!
The equipment has a nice mix of old machines that you can't find anywhere and new cardio equipment.
I recommend eos to anyone who is serious about fitness.
I really like how they advise me to use a safe amount of weight.
The group that works out at this gym are the best!
Stuart the owner of the gym is a great guy and always willing to help.
As soon as it turned to express fitness boom there are the heavier dumbbells that he promised.
What i did enjoy was the workout gym.
I was hesitant about this gym as the higley location is packed at all hours!
I'm rating the gym fitness center only.
The gym is amazing!!
The best hotel gym in las vegas.
The cardio room is huge and clean.
The weight room is well stocked with everything you need for an awesome workout.
I really recommend visiting the "older" fitness room, which is in the venetian.
The palazzo has a smaller fitness room which isn't bad, but can't compare to venetian's gym.
I have been going to this planet fitness location for over a year.
When i started out, i didn't know anything about the gym.
The staff is always friendly, and the gym and locker room are always clean.
Great job guys, you took all the mistakes from other gyms and fixed them!!
It is definitely not your regular old gym...
The group fitness classes are fantastic!
The group fitness classes are worth the monthly membership fee alone!
I had one of the best personal training sessions with bobby the other day!
It was one of the most intense aerobic and weight training exercises i have attempted!
I can't wait until the next training session where "the bobby" is incorporated!
Open concept, lots of ambient light, and a good assortment of equipment for weight training and cardio.
This place offers many organized fitness classes including a good selection of les mills classes.
One of the biggest reasons is the layout of the gym.
The staff is friendly and helpful the gym itself is clean and comfortable.
The gym is well equipped and has great views of the golf course and the mountains.
Direct access to men's and women's locker room from the gym is a plus.
Jake is a great trainer/motivator/educator.
All the trainers are friendly and welcoming.
I can't say enough about this gym!
I've been to many gyms in the area, and i never really felt like it was home!
The second i walked through the door, i knew this was the gym for me!
The coaches truly care about you and your fitness journey!
I highly recommend this gym, but only if your looking for great workouts, new friends and a fit body!!
Its a bit crowded sometimes because everyone flocks from the other 24 hour fitness centers.
Good job 24 hour fitness.
Fitness member for almost 3 years.
I also wanted to let la fitness know that krystal is the best zumba instructor they'll ever have.
Before signing up here we were at another gym with the initials pf.
Sure it was cheap there but you get what you pay for, crowded machines and very little free weights.
I like the cardiovascular because they all have tv's.
The free weights and cable machines work really well.
This gym hasn't been overcrowded any time i go, the equipment is clean.
I switched from 24 hour fitness to go here, since it is a much closer to my residence.
This gym is worth the cost of $21.99 a month whereas i was paying $39.99 a month at 24.
This gym is newer and well maintained.
Clean gym, clean sauna, clean jacuzzi, clean pool, clean steam room, and clean work out room.
Great for powerlifters & weightlifters!
Excellent gym to train at if you love the squat, bench, deadlift movements!
Lifters in the gym are inclusive, friendly, and eager to help!
Wide range of high quality barbells (deadlift, power, weightlifting) to choose from in addition to competition squat and bench racks.
Not any free weights but that's okay because you can easily substitute those with a couple dumb bell routines.
It's a gym you go to to work out, not for spa services or social mingling.
The gym itself is great, i did have some problems with registering, though.
I love this gym!
For anyone who works around downtown, or is there often, i would recommend checking out this eos gym.
Best gym in east mesa!
Personal trainer  i was in search of a personal trainer to improve my fitness results.
I visited mountainside fitness and i was introduced to chase.
His knowledge base and creativity in fitness is very expansive.
I honestly do not think there is a better personal trainer in town for the buck!
Whether it is for strength, size, or weight loss; use him and you will not be disappointed.
Great gym, excellent and well-maintained equipment.
This is good ole fashion thai muay thai training.
You wanna sweat, lose weight and learn one of the coolest martial arts out there?
Friendly staff and clean gym.
Gym is clean, has plenty of equipment to use and have several stations for various types of times workouts.
I enjoy the weights, the bikes, and treadmills.
I love planet fitness.
It's definitely the best gym i've been a member of.
The freedom drive is my home gym but i also travel a lot & test out the p.f.
It's a cozy gym with a good variety of cardio machines and strength training equipment.
Because it's a smaller gym, it has potential to be crowded.
It wouldn't be a gym of choice for crossfitters but for most traditional workouts it's more than adequate.
I'd give snap fitness 4 1/2 stars if i could.
It's a few bucks more per month than the typical gym, but well worth it!
I had seen ads for raw fitness out for a couple years now.
The camaraderie, the family vibe, the varied workouts and the fun trainers all make you want to keep coming back!
I haven't had to wait for a cardio machine or equipment so far.
She is a wealth of knowledge about both fitness and nutrition.
I have been a member of this gym for 10 years.
But you know what...i don't care...i heart lifetime fitness.
It is the only gym that i actually feel comfortable working out in.
But on top of everything else...i love my trainer.
Everybody is so friendly there...and the whole gym is extremely clean...another thing that i like.
I love this gym,after remodeling the gym 2 months ago everything is flawless.
Ill be coming to this gym for a while!
I'm not new to fitness, so i figured i could just watch everyone else and figure it out.
It is a great gym in a new location.
Best gym i have ever been a member.
I have been a proud member since february 2014 and have taken all classes with all trainers.
I love this gym!
Everyone has a different rating scale when it comes to the gym.
I like a clean gym, small crowds, respectful members who are there to work, and a professional staff.
Hilario is always working hard to keep the gym clean.
Only gripes are if you want an all gym access pass, that's $99 extra if you're already a member.
Found our home gym!
That's what made us leave our previous gym, because you would be waiting in line to utilize each machine.
They have free-standing squat racks, free weights, stair master, row machine, etc.
Equipment is always clean and other members are good about cleaning up after themselves and re-racking their weights.
This is the best gym in phoenix.
What a fantastic gym.
He set me up with a pass, and aided both of us with tying the weighted sled for our routine.
I hope to continue at this gym while in az!
Such a great crossfit gym.
I also love how they integrate weights into the workout.
The alternating between dance and weights is perfect.
The class is a mixture of basic yoga postures combined with cardio and strength training.
Also know as yoga with weights in a heated studio.
This gym has been by far my favorite, the staff is phenomenal.
My trainer bridget; been a huge motivation and inspiring person during my journey; on my way to health and confidence.
Clean and classy place with plenty of machines and weights to not be waiting.
A gem of a gym!
One of the original traditional boxing gyms here in phoenix.
If you're interested in serious training or just getting fit this place is great!
This is a great gym.
The pool is probably the cleanest of any gym that has a pool.
Eos is a great gym option for parents with kiddos.
Love this gym the group fitness classes are fantastic.
Would highly recommend if you're visiting from out of the city looking for a powerlifting/weightlifting gym!
Jason is professional, knowledgeable and patient trainer and coach.
Jason has a well-equipped gym that was recently remodeled.
His gym has a good assortment of weights and fitness equipment.
Clean gym with no frills approach.
It is only $10 per month and some gyms at that price are dumps.
Another thing i like is even if it is crowded there is always room and weights available.
The gym was very clean and well lit.
The trainer rhonda gave me alot of tips and advice.
The trainers are amazing and paul, the owner, is in regular attendance and ready to help.
But i chipped away with the guidance of the trainers scaling every workout until i achieved some of my goals.
I've done zumba, ballet barre, crossfit, personal training, etc.
The trainers come fully prepared for you and all you need to do is focus on you!
This bouldering gym is incredible.
There are trainers on staff available to help get you pointed in the right direction if needed.
My child had an accident at the gym.
I love this gym.
I recently joined chandler's eos fitness center.
He was personable and the training was much more affordable than i thought.
Although i'm unable to sign up at this time, i am going to do training in the next few months.
Awesome gym with a very convenient location!
He is hands-down the best and the only trainer/coach i will ever work with.
I have been going to this gym for a few years now.
Recently, i received an intro training session with nigel.
I do see the employees walking around and re-racking weights every time i'm there.
I just joined this gym and it's pretty basic for $10.
The staff are pretty friendly and the gym itself has a pretty good vibe.
It was evident that their members also love the gym - it was a real community!
Having this gym so close to my house gives me no excuses not to go work out!
A shoutout to morgan who started me on my "fitness" journey and travis for continuing.
Bets gym in the state!
The only downside of this gym is you have to avoid certain times because it gets too crowded.
I am so grateful for this, especially since most gyms would charge far more.
I dropped 23lbs on the diet (they give you a manual with everything you need) and the group fitness workouts!
Two months later, i've maintained most of the weight loss while gaining more muscle.
I signed up for personal training once a week and love it so far.
I love going to this gym because of its authenticity and rawness.
Tom is my trainer and he is getting me right.
Lots of space and had tons of times for wods and open gym!
The gym itself has all the equipment i need and the facilities are clean and the price is good.
Fantastic gym with boatloads of equipment and great boot camp class.
Accommodates all shapes and sizes and fitness levels.
Planet fitness is a great place to workout.
This gym is really made for people of all athletic ability.
Great personal training and a lot of great classes.
This place is more than a gym, it's a community of great people!
This is the best gym membership i've ever had.
I've had memberships at lifetime fitness, eos, and knockout fitness but la is the best choice so far.
Unlike some other gyms, this is the gym to workout at.
The gym is open, spacious and offers some great classes.
But i just felt like i need to lift weights and get into the habit of running again.
Most people talk about it being a small old gym, but i wouldn't want to bring my kid anywhere else!
Great family oriented gym, and childcare!
Steve has great energy, expertise in training and running classes, and keeps the classes new, fresh, challenging and fun.
They make it fun to go to the gym?
A wonderful gym for the price.
The fitness manager, rachel, is such a sweetheart and always willing to help, advise, and make me feel welcome.
James is a great trainer and has been doing some incredible work with me and my posture!
And this time i got to come to the gym for 8 days thanks to jorge.
My boyfriend exercises at the beach & doesn't even like gyms, but he liked this one!
I have been training with pulse fitness for over three (3) years.
Great group of trainers and members.
The gym is such a great place to work out and has so much to offer!
The staff is very nice and well trained.
I've kind of made the rounds of valley health clubs - the village, lifetime (see earlier review), and mountainside fitness.
As with all the mountainside fitness locations, two things immediately stand out.
First, the gym is very clean.
Second, the staff is friendly, helpful, but is not always attempting to upsell you which is common at most gyms.
About parking, you'd wonder just how that works at a gym that is literally inside a baseball stadium.
When i joined msf, i realized that i had really found the best gym in the valley for me.
This gym is immaculate!
The equipment is top notch and the gym is always clean.
I just started training with them so i'm looking forward to more good things coming from eos!
I love peoria gym.
Warren is freaking awesome and the gym is always fixed and clean.
Coming from the military i am very passionate about fitness and health.
I have been a member at many different gyms and worked out with tons of different trainers.
After my pt consultation with rachel at eos i will never want to be at any other gym.
However, i did like that he seems very much involved with his gym.
I started crossfit about 6 months now and have been training with ben and sean the whole time.
This past weekend i competed for the gym and we did amazing.
Big cat boxing is a great gym.
I trained with him for over a year.
There are plenty of cardio and weight machines, free weights, a pool, two basketball courts, and an indoor track.
A couple of tips before heading to the gym: 1.
This is a great place to train!
I'll never go back to a conventional gym.
Great facility with cheaper prices than the larger gyms in town.
Extra shout to brandon for his generosity and great training.
I've been going to eos fitness for some time now, and i love the gym.
The gym has had some upgrades done, which is fantastic!
I definitely recommend working out at this gym.
Love, love, love this gym.
The weights are always put up and maintenance on the machines is always taken care of if needed.
I have been weight training for about 3 years now, and i still have things tons of things to learn.
We have yet to have an issue with this gym.
I have to say i was skeptical & honestly truly never considered going to the gym.
I guessed that my weight was about 596 lbs., using the weight from july when leaving the hospital.
I am proud to say that this is a 171.6 total weight loss.
So, since being at the gym, i have had a 140.6 lb.
Weight loss not even 7 months yet.
Wow, this gym is fully stacked.
There are four weightlifting platforms, each with their set of pendlay barbells/plates.
- 4 weightlifting platforms, fully stacked with pendlay equipment - miscellaneous equipment (foam rollers, resistance bands, etc.)
Weightlifters, watch out for quiet hours.
You're one-in-a-million when it comes to gym sales guys.
An focused room in the back and plenty of free weights.
Great, engaging fitness center.
The gym itself is open and uncrowded.
No rating for the kid~ get a kid yelp =) great location in regards to the gym is nearby.
It's like an old school gym from what i remember going with my sister.
Talk about a mega eos fitness!
My co-workers and i cane over to work out everyday after our training classes and we all left pretty impressed!
Kudos to the eos fitness downtown phoenix!
I have been a member at many gyms over the years and this one is the best!
My personal trainer is jesus.
I really love lifetime fitness.
I have gone to my fair share of gyms.
I love this gym!
I instantly wanted to join this gym.
We love coming to this gym!
The trainers, manager and employees here are great!
The fitness room has recently been re-floored and supposedly the rest of the gym be remodeled soon.
I highly recommend this gym!!
Super nice people and really clean gym with great equipment and plenty of space.
This place is pretty legit, its cheap, casual, their gym is on point, and they also have an outdoor jizz-cuzzi.
Disclaimer - i have never been to any other crossfit gyms or any other gyms for that matter.
Not a fan of big gyms because of the crowds.
My wife and i have been a member since the gym opened years ago.
A great choice for those looking for a small gym close to home and locally owned.
Rated as one of the top 10 most hardcore gyms in the usa.
This is no family fitness center, rec center, or place for the "new years resolution" type person.
This is hardcore, loud music, dust, rust, things not in order and heavy weights.
Also they have a gym a pool sauna everything you could want in a gym membership!
Lots of machines to work out for every body party, they also do have free weights and lots of them.
They have sauna for woman and men, basketball court, boxing gym and group classes.
Pricing: 5/5  really, there is no where that can beat the pricing of planet fitness.
Doesn't smell like butt, which is all you can ask for in a gym.
The majority of the gym, it seems, is dedicated to cardiovascular machines.
I think this gym is severely lacking in terms of lifting.
They also seem to be missing very basic stuff that anyone would assume a gym to have.
The benefits alone are worth the price, but the gym is also clean and the equipment is in great condition.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
This gym certainty should be visited.
Anytime fitness in seven hills has all of that and a very friendly staff!
It is a great gym and i will support it as long as i am in las vegas.
Since its about health and progress, you would think that having one at the gym would be a necessity.
Definitely my favorite eos location and bobby is an awesome trainer!!
Extremely happy with his programming and the results i'm already seeing a few weeks into our training.
(trainer)she made very rude and unnecessary comments and was not warm in the least.
Best customer service i have ever received at any gym ever (and i have worked out at many many gyms).
Christen was very friendly, informative, and genuinely interested in my fitness goals.
That's what planet fitness is all about!
The cardio area in this place will make your head spin.
A huge 30 min workout and 360 body workout area and i love the layout of the weight machines!
I absolutely love this gym.
This gym is clean and nothing is broken, like peoria eos gym.
Was a member of la fitness in the past and decided to go back.
If you are looking for some fun and good cardio workout, definitely check out cko!
Offers les mills group fit classes and has everything else you would want/need in a gym
I feel very fortunate to have had mark as a personal trainer.
This is an excellent gym, not perfect but what gym really ever is?
I have been training at underground with alec for a year.
Just the best fitness center bar none!
All three trainers have their own styles, and i like them all very much.
The big scary gym opened around the corner from my house and it is awesome!!
The trainers are very knowledgable and take the time to show you how to properly use the weights.
This gym has it all, from weight training, boxing, yoga and other fun classes!
The whole staff is always courteous, professional, and upbeat, and the gym is always clean!
I've been going to this gym for 2 years now and i will continue to do so!
I have been going to fitness clubs for over 40 years.
There are numerous grou classes for all fitness levels as well as personal trainers and a nutritionist.
This is not your typical gym it has a very unique culture and community which helps you to achieve results!
I recently joined eos fitness and have been pleased with the experience.
However, one of the main reasons i choose this gym is their childcare.
I have never felt so welcomed at a gym.
Teresa was a great trainer and helped me tweak my push up.
The best thing i ever did for my health was to join eos fitness.
I have been working with the best personal trainer ever, felipe negron.
I highly recommend felipe negron for all of your training needs.
Eos fitness is excellent and i liked that i did not have to sign a contract.
Fees are reasonable and the gym is always clean.
I am very pleased with my investment in felipe negron and eos fitness.
You will be glad you chose felipe negron as your personal trainer at eos fitness, chandler, az.
Plus angel lorenzo as a trainer has made my transformation, with hard work, a dream.
Ever time i'm in the gym he's pumping me to do more.
The other trainers are also certified in cross-fit teaching and are helpful, friendly and professional.
Once you get "into" cross-fit,  and you're lifting weights and doing hard-core workouts, handling the heat is no big deal.
From the front desk to the trainers all the way down to the janitors.
Place is always clean and the training department is awesome.
The one thing it lacks is retaining the trainers.
Hello la fitness pay your staff better and maybe they will stay longer.
This gym is incredible, the customer service there is phenomenal!
Gym very nice facility has everything even daycare provided with game systems,  cinema room while hitting treadmill!!
Gym open (24) hours (7) days.
There are enough machines and free weights even during peak hours.
This was the only gym i could find that had free parking, and that's all i was looking for.
I was very pleasantly surprised by all that this jcc had to offer in its gym.
Eos on sahara is an awesome gym.
The thing i love most about this gym is the staff.
The gym features an indoor track/field house, dance and fencing studios, squash courts, and olympic-sized pools.
The olympic weightlifting platforms are where the gold's at.
Honestly the best gym experience ever.
Best gym and worthwhile membership hands down.
Ziyad christon, idaho aka travis williams, charlie, and eric are the best trainers and staff at eos.
This gym may spoil you for all the other fitness chains in the valley.
Then i saw the same amenities at other gyms and found out that the ones at lt are much nicer.
Ron, is a great trainer.
Fellow yelpers, trust me, when it comes to training ronfit, is your best fit.
Dewayne, a personal trainer at this location, is amazing and extremely helpful in reaching your fitness needs.
This is more than a gym.
The diversity in the personal training sessions push you to excel, and keep each workout fun and challenging.
Functional fitness training at pulse is the greatest gift you can give yourself....because you are worth it!
He started to train me as beginner with patience and push me to different levels gradually.
I enjoy every sessions of the training.
Highly recommend this place for personal training!
My new favorite gym!
I joined the 6 week challenge in january to better my health and lose weight.
We were assigned a meal plan to follow along with training 3 times a week.
Through the process we had 24 hr support from the team at pulse fitness for any questions and guidance.
If you hire ron, know that you're getting a trainer who takes the time to check in with you everyday!!
He's a trainer who pushes me outside of my comfort zone, is attentive, knowledgeable, and anal about my form/technique.
If you are looking for a new trainer to help you with your goals, ron is your guy!
What a great gym!
I'm excited to see what the other trainers have in store as i come in more frequently.
Hard to find a personal trainer who instead of guaging is engaging with such understanding.
The community of this small gym is friendly and welcoming.
I'd like to drop a personal thank you to everyone there at the gym.
There are a few other instructors in the gym that i've tried.
I saw a groupon for the gym for a month of classes and decided to purchase that instead.
My favorite crossfit gym.
After being with this gym for many years now, i am noticing what makes this gym special.
In the gym someone is always cleaning/refilling something.
The next service that seems to stand out is the somewhat new trainer they brought on.
The trainer seems very motivational and inspirational in his planned activities.
I would recommend giving this trainer a try just based from an observational perspective.
For $10 a month, this gym is well worth it!
Eos is a great experience of a gym like the eos theatre!
The training here is top notch & i've already seen results!
I just had a baby and couldn't lose the weight on my own.
I love this gym but more importantly i love my personal trainer devin!
He goes above and beyond my expectations every time i train.
This gym is a perfect size, the classes are great and the child care is to!
The gym has a variety of equipment & is typically clean and tidy.
I am a one week new eos member and know this is the gym for me!
You notice funny things when you're on cardio for an hour hahah.
State of the art cardio equipment and outstanding classes!
I would recommend the jcc for anyone no matter your age, there are activities and workouts for every fitness level.
I love this gym.. they have everything you need..
I joined with my 13 year old son to loose weight, get healthy and spend time doing something together.
We have storm as a personal trainer and he is fantastic!!
I highly recommend storm as a personal trainer.
This gym is awesome, it has everything you need for only $10 a month no contract.
Before my place of employment changed to downtown, this was my former gym.
Great staff, great trainers, great classes.
It is the safest, healthiest, and quickest way to lose weight and gain muscle!
I have been here several times already, the atmosphere  in the gym is intoxicating.
They pretty much have all the equipment you need to train for powerlifting.
This is one of the best serious weight lifting gyms in las vegas!
Never crowded and serious weight!
Reccomend to everyone serious about moving serious weight.
The workouts are tough but doable and the trainers are great with everyone's various fitness abilities without singling anyone out.
There's a great energy and sense of community in the gym and raw's private social media groups.
This is a awesome gym...they are very knowledgeable.
I love this gym.
The best thing about it is that it's not a "pretty people parade" type gym.
Its a gym for all people of all fitness levels.
They are always doing something fun and get excited every time we go to the gym.
The gym is a bit small, with not a lot of room for barbell lifting.
(inside joke between the staff) i been going to this gym for a couple of months now.
Seriously this gym is not like others.
The staff here really does care and you won't regret having a membership here at eosfitness.
Upstairs you'll find the cardio machines, cycle room, and the group x classes.
Downstairs are the free weights, strength/fitness machines, and the basketball court.
It gets even worse when you walk inside the gym.
Located off tropicana/decatur, is one busy and crowded gym.
For a 24 hour fitness, it's an average sized gym.
Recently met up with chad s (duke of this 24 hour fitness) and terri r. for a weeknight workout.
As i mentioned earlier, this gym is crowded.
As for the ambiance of the gym, i got a pretty good vibe here.
This wasn't my first time at this gym and definitely will not be my last.
Brand new well maintained equipment, great cardio theater room and an overall great layout.
Of the four pf gyms in the vegas and surrounding areas we have visited, this one is also the cleanest.
This place is a great gym to stay conditioned on and off climbing season.
Thank you and wish there was better customer service agents in my state with the eos gyms!
This is an unbelievable gym.
I think this fitness center is accurate, friendly, professional, punctual, respectful, forthright, and caring.
Also  heard great things of this eos fitness gym.
I have zero issues with this gym.
The employees are friendly to me and my trainer morgan is the best!
Every time i come into this gym they are very accommodating and friendly.
I love this gym.
Angel lorenzo helps me train and do my workouts properly.
Much appreciation to him and the very clean gym
This was a nice addition to the chain of eos fitness centers across the valley.
I love the layout and they have a good amount of machines and free weights.
The free weight area is a little tight, but it hasn't been so packed!
The weights are all brand new and have that glossy feel.
Overall i'm happy with this gym and probably come here when i get tired of being at lvac or durango.
My average workout time was only about 40 minutes, due to schedule constraints.
Very clean with the machines below and all the cardio/ab machines upstairs.
Snap fitness is a very small gym to lose some weight or gain some muscles.
The routes were awesome with the most bouldering problems i had ever seen at a gym.
Absolutely love this gym, always a fan of the kind front desk staff and nice, clean cut gym.
Just be mindful of the fact that it does it get crowded during peak hours like most gyms do.
First time as a guest at this gym and i was very impressed with the excellent customer service alexis provided.
I would highly recommend him to anyone looking to get a eos gym membership ask for him!
The gym itself was very clean and it was not as busy as i expected which is great!
This gym is very addicting and if you go here a lot, you can justify the 65$ membership.
Gym overall gets a 5/5 rating in my opinion.
Their trainers are excellent, i highly recommend them.
Even employees at the gym know its slow and they end up waiting for the corporate website to load.
The instructors are inclusive and attentive to people's varying fitness levels.
You can tell they really care about fitness, your well-being, and creating a sense of community in their gym.
I would absolutely recommend this gym :)
The only 24 hr "sport" gym i've used since i moved to las vegas.
So you're probably wondering how this gym is?
Surprisingly, this gym is not as bad as you may think.
I feel like i pretty much have the gym to myself!
It's safe to get your fitness on!
A gym is a gym is a gym.
We belonged to 24 hour fitness and were bought out by la fitness.
La fitness is not bad  as it is a very big clean gym.
Lots of rooms for racket ball and lots of weight machines.
They have very little workout room for hand weights and ball exercises.
This gym has everything a person needs to get in shape and have a great environment to do it in!
I would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to improve their fitness.
Lifetime fitness is the bomb.
I was never fond of group training, but then i met orange theory fitness and all of that changed!
So far my experience at es fitness has been great.
My trainer, ian ewing, is motivating, caring, and knowledgeable.
Love coming to this gym!
I bring my two girls to the gym daycare and they absolutely adore all the girls that work there.
The staff at the gym daycare are so involved with the kids.
George helped us out with all our questions and needs i would highly recommend this gym.
Angie witte is an awesome trainer!
I normally play ball and hit the weights and then go for a hour swim in the olympic size pool.
The ac has specific gym/swim hours for everyones specific needs.
I love attending ilovekickboxing - the energy and motivation by the trainers are amazing.
So, the search for a nice gym began.
I think if you are a consistent gym goer, spending a little extra money makes sense.
I've worked out with a few of the personal trainers and haven't been disappointed yet.
This is a gym you go to work out.
Especially the cardio tramp class, which is really different from anything else i've ever tried.
Second, the cardio and weight equipment is well-maintained and logically laid out.
Group ex classes, a pool, an indoor track, personal training and basketball half court.
The times do not apply on the weekends, though i am sure the gym here is closed completely on sundays.
Trainers are very motivational and want their clients to meet their goals.
Swimming, working out, gym, rock climbling etc etc.
I love this gym!
The facility itself is average but my personal trainer, bobby stahel, is outstanding!
I'm training for a lifetime hike in 2020, and thanks to bobby i know i will be ready for it!
They offer all of the equipment you might ever need from free weights to machines, etc.
I had a great experience at this gym.
A perfect environment to either get you started or keep you going in the powerlifting/weightlifting community.
Chick--the owner--is super personable with everyone and will try to talk to everyone new to the gym.
I love how the community has grown in this small, yet homely gym.
Definitely ranked one of the top cleveland rock gyms
My son loves the gymnastics, karate, sports basketball and hip hop dance classes.
As for monthly dues, yes it is much pricier than any other gym i have been to.
Everyone at the gym is friendly and you don't have to wait long if a machine is being used.
Dropped in to eos fitness today, great experience.
I really like this gym.
Visited others gyms and la fitness has everything i need.
I hope the trainer feels better soon.
Thanks, irene  anyone checking out this gym should probably read my earlier review.
Personal training is incredibly effective.
I feel comfortable walking around the "man section" of the gym now.
The trainers are very professional and conduct great classes.
I highly recommended this gym!
The music and general feel of the gym were nice and laid back.
I would recommend the gym to anyone looking to climb.
I love that this gym isn't too busy at the time that i usually go.
The free weight section is a go to and you never have to wait for a cardio machine.
This gym does not have a meat market vibe to it at all.
I have been utilizing their master trainer ben for a year now.
And i hate having to wait in line to use one of the three treadmills at my old gym.
When i came into this gym, it was like a light bulb turned on.
At least 6 flat screens in front of the cardio equipment too, in case that's important to you.
This gym has everything that one needs to get into shape.
Not crazy crowded like lvac , where i'm constantly waiting to use the free weight or squat.
I mean, they have everything you could possibly imagine in a gym and more.
Definitely converting to eos fitness thanks to him !
Cardio tramp was awesome....  great workout..
Definitely recommend if you're looking for a good cardio/ab workout
This gym has changed my life.
It's a clean gym that is organized, and the staff is really nice.
Just had a training session with mike.
My choice of the neighboring locations, really great floor space and choice of machines and weights.
Love the feel of this gym.
Most of all they offer free classes for zumba and yoga,not something offered at other gyms in the area.
I have been an edge fitness member for a few months now.
It is a very small gym.
I was looking for something different than the same old big box gyms.
The staff is wonderful from the front desk, trainers, as well as the owner bobby.
All in all they are all amazing trainers and will motivate you to reach your goals.
Thank you orange theory for giving me something other than a big box gym!!
It can get busy but i hardly wait for any machine or free weight equipment to be available.
I have been involved in many gyms over the years and have never stayed committed.
Something i love about this gym is that i feel comfortable there and like family.
The personal trainer at eos,  gerald- the big jerry  is just great!
I have been into strength training for years but he has helped me get results without injuries or sprains.
I have lost  weight and  gained fitness under his training.
I have been a member for ten years with eos it was also know as golds gym.
This gym is actually a great place to workout.
Off their website-  sports & fitness is "rethinking fitness" and our approach to fitness is very straightforward: no gimmicks.
Purchasing and utilizing a fitness membership should be a pleasant and rewarding experience, not one that requires exceptional negotiation skills.
For that reason, sports & fitness offers consistent, fixed priced memberships.
We are open 24 hours* and welcome people of all fitness levels, ages, and abilities.
The gym in open and inviting and not at all intimidating.
I highly recommend this gym for a multitude of reasons!
Best boxing gym in vegas.
I was initially part of big cat boxing which was the worse boxing gym i've been a member of.
The instructors are approachable and well-trained.
This is perhaps the best fitness facility in calgary .
I've never tanned at a gym since this was always an issue but love how they have it set up.
So far, all staff has been friendly, the gym has stayed clean, and pf has my vote.
Do i care that in their commercials planet fitness pushes 'no gymtimidation'?
Every gym has a marketing campaign.
At a gym... yep i said it.
The gym is awesome!
The workout you'll get at this boxing gym is intense!
I love this kickboxing gym.
This has been the most fun that i've ever had at a gym.
You will definitely hit your fitness goals if you take his classes and learn from him and his instructors.
One thing i like about planet fitness is their staff.
I was in tempe for work & a friend of my gym suggested to check out crossfit haboob.
The gym is not large, but it is clean and well laid out.
Going to the gym is nice , but going to spark is a lot nicer.
I had no idea what to do with weights or machines at the gym.
*  fitness center *  what do you do wheny you've spent the previous evening at the buffet for 3 hours?
Continuing down the stairway, i was even more amazed to see the fitness center.
All of the machines are provided by technogym.
Tv's built-in to all of the cardio equipment, and virtual terrain cardio biking as well.
Second to the spa in the hotel, the fitness center was my haven.
Tiff is such a peach and the gym is nice!
If your looking for a gym with many options & tons of classes this is this place.
The gym is very clean & the staff is very friendly.
Gotta admit the price is not dirt cheap but you get better equipment, cleaner gyms, and more knowledgeable workers.
Warren the manager is always so nice and it's surprisingly welcoming at this gym.
It gets packed at peak hours but honestly what gym doesn't.
No matter what your fitness goals are working with underground fitness is the right choice.
I signed up for the pt sessions and got bobby as my trainer.
Overly accommodating with moving training sessions due to my busy work schedule which is something i appreciate.
The gym itself is not very big or fancy but it has everything you need.
My favorite part is training with angel lorenzo.
I've been a member of other gyms in the past, but this is by far the best!
Thank you planet fitness!
I have been going to the gym for four years now and hope to continue for many years to come.
That is how i feel about gold's gym.
I really like this gym.
You can join 24 hour fitness or las vegas athletic club for less than $30 a month.
If you want to escape the over-crowded, low-class, meathead gyms in town come to lifetime.
I enjoyed working out with steve and the other trainers.
As i move on, i do feel comfortable with what steve and the other trainers have showed me to continue!
I love this gym!
The coaches and trainers are great.
More than just a gym, it's my new extended fitness family
Jaired is the number one trainer at vegas fitness.
He has helped me to lose weight and gain muscle!
I would totally recommend him for your training!
Love my new gym!
I actually like using their showers as opposed to la or any other typical gym.
Lt is not just a gym but a lifestyle!
The weight area is fully stocked with all the usual benches and plenty of free weights.
As described in the other review, this boot camp is a circuit training set up.
For the most part, anytime fitness runs a good 24 hr.
Gym in the locations i've been.
I have worked at and been to a lot of gyms.
This gym is by far the best gym i have ever been to!
I have an all-gym membership and have had it for years.
I especially like the hoist weight machines!
Dave is the best trainer ever!!
I have been at underground fitness for over a year now.
Dave is more than just a trainer, he is your friend, your counselor and your biggest cheer leader.
Nate klipfel is my personal trainer since mid december 2017!
Aaron lewis my boxing coach energetic and polished disciplined training is priceless!
This gym will indeed earn the bragging rights to the best gym in the city far and wide!
I think of all the la fitness that i've been to it has the friendliest staff.
The ac is the better gym to work out in for uoft students.
Pulse fitness is far more than a state of the art gym with top notch instructors.
The personalized programs for each client truly help people reach their fitness goals.
Pulse has personal training and "bootcamps" for its members that are fun and challenging at the same time.
The group of trainers, especially zach, egle, brent and mike work with your strengths and weaknesses to maximize results.
Most gyms have a revolving door of members.
Josh blatchford in particular is an excellent personal trainer and instructor!
There is a nice selection of fitness machines and weights you can use if you can't come to a class.
It has a warm, friendly, personal/private gym feel that you will love!
I just got back from "air fitness" which was a fresh and innovative class.
The gym itself is inviting, warm, and clean.
Hands down this is the best gym uptown if not in the entire charlotte area.
And the equipment and group fitness classes are top notch.
The trainers are highly motivating and always there to help with fitness goals.
This gym one of my favorites.
Gym members are quite friendly without being obtrusive jerks.
Barry's boxing gym was awesome.
Then pat barry himself pulled me into the ring and gave me some one on one training.
If you're looking for a expert trainer that cares, oscar is your man.
He's a wonderful trainer and i would highly recommend him to anyone!
Would recommend this gym to anyone.
Your typical fitness 19.
Fantastic people at this crossfit gym.
I cannot tell you how much i love this gym!
But the real gem is the personal training staff!
All in all,  this is a great facility to workout and reach your fitness goals,  whatever they are!
Best gym ever, even the preschool is great.
I'm in love with this gym... their knowledge and discipline is truly priceless.
I just had my best gym experience ever at eos fitness in scottsdale.
I am here on business from california and work out frequently and needed to find a good gym while here.
As with all gyms, there is plenty of character.
Personal trainers are welcoming, personable and encouraging... but i ain't paying for that.
It was a rough day and i needed some gym therapy.
My mind was inundated with stress, so i conveniently forgot to bring my gym card and my bike lock.
As far as gyms go, this one is pretty good.
All of the cardio machines have tvs with cable, which is nice.
Heck, i'm probably one of them; it's a gym and i'm sweaty.
The lot will be full but there are only three people in the gym.
The gym is actually smaller than instagram made it look during their grand opening last year.
Henderson, nevada ---  day 102 "dusa tour 2016"   #planetfitness location #70 (or so ?)
#runawaybill #dusa2017 #planetfitness   05.12.17
Been a member of at least 15 gyms over the years.
Been a memeber of large and small gyms.
I have hired trainers, been to classes, worked out outside, inside and done everything under the sun.
I also thought that the ufc gym would just be for fighters and guys only.
I attended free classes in the pre sale office until the gym opened.
Now that the gym has opened i have found my home away from home.
Ufc gym is so friendly, fun and safe.
I feel completely re-energized and re-engaged in my fitness program
So happy i made the decision to walk in eos fitness!
I have been coming here since march and i love this gym!
I don't let the number of people in the gym turn my attitude to negative.
Todd worked with me to get the right trainer for me.
The trainers are amazing here!
I love this gym and the staff.
This review is for the gym on the venetian side.
This gym is very good if you are wanting to do a serious workout with weights.
I also used the fitness center, steam room and sauna.
Also the movie theater is a great distraction for people who hate cardio!
Signed up to la fitness in november.
I highly recommend taking your free assessment/training session with britni.
In fact whoever put this gym together definitely had some real expertise for meeting the widest range of needs.
If this gym was just a little larger and had a few more stations i'd easily give it 5 stars.
It's a very nice and affordable gym considering it's size and amenities.
I'm on a very tight budget working and paying for school but this gym is worth every penny i spend.
Later on, i started training with a my trainer matt at eos.
Matt is very patient and holds so much fitness knowledge.
Ever since i started training with him ive gained so much knowledge, gained booty and lost fat percentage.
Ah, i have so many good things to say about this gym!!
I've been seeing drew here for a year now and it's been hands-down the best training experience i've ever had.
We started with a fitness analysis to get a baseline, which was actually really fun.
I've done movements (with & without weights) that i never thought i'd be able to do.
There is no exercise or routine i haven't been able to complete at this gym.
I don't remember ever seeing a cleaner locker room at any gym i have used.
The trainers here seem friendly and knowledgeable although i don't really interact with them.
Have been working out with ben (personaltrainer) and its always a good workout!
I've had such great exchanges with many of the employees and trainers.
We met for 2 sessions where he asked me my goals and experience in the gym.
I would definitely recommend him as a trainer.
Lovely little boutique gym.
My husband and i joined this gym specifically because of geographic location as it's near to our house.
This is a great non-meathead gym, perfect for those who prefer not to talk to anyone.
