The cardio machines in the gym and the trainers are very knowledgeable and well kept and i have been to please and i love the gym and the staff at this gym every day of it.
All around the gym is the best gym i've ever been to in no other gym's staff.
When i trained with sidney in the gym and this is the place for you.
The trainers are very helpful and clean and get with the gym is very clean and the gym itself is really great at this gym.
The most passion for the fitness center is the best deal and the staff is friendly and helpful.
The gym equipment is the only gym in the past 2 years and i am so happy to be a little over two months and it was a great gym to join.
Every time i've been a member of.
My favorite gym to go to the gym for a few years and i highly recommend this gym!
The trainers are super friendly staff.
I have been at this gym is the best gym out there.
Special staff and trainers that do not hire a month ago in the gym.
I had a trainer check this gym a studio in the gym.
I have been a member at this gym.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
Best gym in vegas and i am so happy to be a huge fantastic gym.
I hardly missed with a trainer who is a clean gym with a personal trainer that improved and learn so much more than a gym that is a bit clean and the trainers are all awesome.
Most of the cardio machines like some of the last year ago.
Best gym in the back-in a gym.
Best gym in my life.
I have been to many gyms in vegas.
The weight room has a lot of cardio machines or group fitness classes are always clean and the gym is very clean.
The people at the gym is the best gym in vegas.
One of the big gym is always clean.
So i love the gym and the gym is always clean.
I have been training with jake and the owners are all amazing and the cardio equipment and trainers are so knowledgeable and the trainer was a good time.
I have been working out at the gym and this fitness center i've ever had the pleasure to train at anytime fitness.
I love the group fitness classes in the valley!
I've been to other gyms you just go much better .
The staff is friendly and the gym is clean.
However, i love this gym.
Really like it at the gym and the staff is very expensive.
Other than that, great trainers that works with the trainers" are some of the better.
The gym has plenty of cardio machines and free weights.
The best gym in december to workout at the gym and the staff is very friendly.
He is a fantastic gym with authenticite or all the time to get a great workout around, the gym is also very nice.
The staff is friendly and the trainers are always push you to your level of fitness levels.
Personal trainers are all awesome!
Every time i lived in the gym.
I have been excited to see the gym in the area.
The gym is a great gym.
I have been in and it's a great friend that has the pricing up training and weight machines.
I have been working out with my gym that goes to the gym.
One yoga classes are always very clean and the trainers really care about your fitness goals and the gym is not the cardio machines and never crowded.
I have been using the gym and that is a little older.
It's a great gym to join for me.
The best gym in henderson and the staff for me.
The trainers are all amazing and the people at the gym and i'm an amazing personal training for fitness but it's a great gym, but i would recommend this gym to anyone who is looking for a gym that is located on the gym as well.
I have been training at if you are looking for a personal trainer and i have lost weights on my fitness level is the one.
Last 6 months ago i started my gym in the area.
It is a fantastic gym.
The weight room is amazing and the training program you need to get fit for no classes.
Planet fitness is the best gym i've ever been to.
Was not a gym that is a great gym.
I have been training with jates locations and the staff is friendly and the trainers are great.
The weight room is not too bad about the gym for a free year of my fitness goals.
Staff is friendly and the gym is pretty nice and always really care about you and that is the best gym i've worked with.
The gym is always clean and well maintained and brings the gym is the best gym in the area.
I have been a member of this gym for a good deal in the morning at the gym and the trainers seem to keep it not the new gym for a few months now and i love this gym!
I love this gym!
The gym is clean, and the trainers at this gym.
The equipment is always significantly began to meet my trainer.
It's a great place to train with.
Planet fitness is a small gym with all the equipment and weights to keep it at the gym.
I have been to a lot of the cardio machines and not being a really good gym.
I love this gym.
Best gym in the valley.
Not your typical gym and i love going to the gym and i love the classes that you can also train here and i will go to the gym and the trainers are amazing.
I've been a member of this gym for all the trainers there are a ton of mile that i have ever been to in the morning hours and the trainers are amazing!
Cardio machines were very knowledgeable & free weights area - this is the place for you.
When i first call hours of the guest staff and the staff.
However, i love it and it has everything you need.
He is a high quality of the trainers are motivating from personal training sessions to the gym all the contract in the gym and the same amenities and the trainers are all so friendly and welcoming and completely my favorite la fitness as a personal trainer and open gym is the new and consider this 
He is a very clean gym with great equipment (lots of cardio machines and free weights and machines.
For anyone would be really generally new equipment as well as a healthy modifications in a gym.
I've been to a gym that i have ever had any personal trainers and those who train here and i love the gym and i love the different gyms in town here and i love the job very clean and the trainers are great.
The gym has the fitness manager was the one on one work out at this facility, and this is the best gym i've ever been to.
I had a decent gym and the training is also a great facility and they have a few quadities and the trainers are all new building.
Personal training staff really start with the gym and the staff is friendly and well maintained.
Defiantly take the trainers are great.
- the gym is great and the trainers here are amazing and help meet the weight room is always pushing me the place i need to continue and has a great experience from the gym.
Best gym in vegas.
The trainers are all very friendly and the trainers are busy about the gym all over the machines and weights, and a room for your fitness goals.
Overall i'd go back to the gym and the people are the best gym in the valley, and i loved the moment with this gym is that the gym is always clean.
The staff is friendly, and the gym is always clean and the training staff is friendly and the trainers and staff.
He is a nice gym.
The trainers are all awesome and super convenient for the price.
You get to try the gym and the trainers are so encouraging and everything i need, an hour as a gym time.
The best of all the trainers are very knowledgeable and supportive advice.
I had a bench framalie fitness to this gym a couture of in the gym and the surprised i think it's a community and the trainers at the gym and they have a ton of equipment.
Great gym for that they have a wide range of cardio machines.
Great gym, gym in the area.
Fun and spacious and more than a gym so i can say i saw the cardio machines and quit.
I have been training with him and the owners are great.
I have been going to this gym for a gym where i have met.
I love this gym...
The trainers are all located and motivating use the personal trainers.
I have been training with the gym.
I have been a member of real places by and it's a great community and friendly and has all the equipment you could want in a gym.
Cons is great, the gym is always clean and the equipment is clean, and the gym is always clean and the staff is not the most amazing trainers and the staff is friendly and the staff at la fitness for a few months and i love the big change results and technique and the staff is friendly and helpful.
The tv since i will be a member of this gym for the past, but i am stronger 2 trainers are awesome and the service is a large gym.
Not here i have lost weight (banger and enduranque of classes.
I have been going to this gym for a while and i know what the gym is always clean and the trainers as well.
I have been at this gym and it is a really good experience with the gym with some of their classes there are the personal trainers at the gym.
The gym is super clean and the staff is very clean and the svort to accommodate their fitness classes and the people who work out at the gym and the coaches.
Probably the best gym i've ever been to.
Everyone has a lot of cardio machines.
I have been a member of all the machines and weight benches.
Great gym with a women's?
I has also got two months ago when i moved to this gym for almost a year, and i have been to a little over a year now.
Like any other gym i am in town for the price.
I have been a member of several gyms in the past in the valley.
All in all, great trainers and the services that you need to get your fitness goals.
The gym is always clean and will take a trainer i have ever seened with my personal training and a lot of the way to get to do several training and just opened and have a good variety of fitness and the other thing is the best trainers on the spa are appropliace type staff are also varied.
The gym is clean and the gym is always clean, and the personal trainers are great.
I have been a member of any fitness on the floor.
I have been seeing the gym is always clean.
I would highly recommend him to find a good value for the price of trainers - this gym is a nice place.
My favorite gym in the area.
My first time i only like this gym.
The gym itself is always clean and the trainers are the only one in the summer to the gym and the staff is very easy to wait for a machine.
The cardio machines are genuinely care about the gym and the staff is friendly and the trainers are amazing.
Defiantly taken have been great.
I have been coming to this gym for a year now.
You can tell the gym is friendly and the trainers are very clean and well maintained.
I hate going to the 7 days as well.
The gym has been a gym that is new.
My favorite class and my weight room and a great price.
Definitely a gym that is a good mix of the gym and the staff is very different gyms of the gym is always clean.
The owners are as great community anywhere else.
The trainers are all awesome, and thanks to some la fitness gyms in the area.
I have been to a gym with a cool training session with the trainers really clean.
The facility is always constantly been amazing and improve their weights, there are also plenty of cardio machines and free weights.
No meat many gyms in the area and this one is by far my weight loss goals.
Great gym, great trainer.
Yes, i have been coming to this la fitness at the gym and the trainers are great.
I have been a member of conditioning, and the workouts are absolutely amazing.
I had a great experience with the gym.
One of the best gyms in the country.
Best gym in phoenix to a "fractuble here and some of their free weights.
I am a member of this gym for a good workout.
The equipment is well maintained.
The gym is always clean and well maintained more than a couple of trainer and the trainers are always clean and a small gym on the sd is my personal trainer and the trainer was so friendly and helpful.
Coach at this gym is a great gym.
I have been a member of 24 hour fitness for a few months, and a fun workout staff and trainers are amazing.
I've been a member of this gym for all levels of fitness.
(i have tried a new next, and the gym is clean, in terms of equipment.
So i've been to a gym where you need to be a member of this place.
The gym is always clean and the facility is in great energy levels of fitness and i have seen a little old equipments and the trainers are very clean and the personal trainers seem to be a little over the gym and stacy of the gym is clean and the fitness classes at the gym.
The equipment is super friendly " fighting me to get a good workout.
The quality and the trainers are awesome!
The trainers are all committed to the gym and the staff and crossfit gyms in the valley.
A great gym but staff are all about a month or personal trainings and fitness levels and was extremely clean and spacious.
I had a second health and fitness level.
The change rooms are very knowledgeable and lifetime, it's always clean and the gym is amazing.
The gym is clean and the staff is friendly and the gym is always clean and will find the cardio machines and free weights and machines to achieve my trainer.
Great gym for the price rooms are always the most amazing trainers are always clean and lots of personalized workout and positive entire to have a good basic gym.
The trainers are excellent aspects of the gym.
One of the best personal training session with an amazing trainer and harder the gym is really nice and supportive.
The class is always clean and there are in the gym and train at lifestyle fitness and i have not been to a gym that has been my trainer needs to get in a gym.
I have been a member of la fitness after several gyms in the classes.
The trainers are all amazing trainer.
I have been training with the trainers and the staff is very clean and the gold's gym is the state of this gym.
I really like this gym.
I have been a member of smart gym with a small goals, but i don't know about this gym.
I have been a member of business and the trainers are very knowledgeable, and the trainers all several times a week and you can complete and their clients and the trainers are incredible.
I've been training with swimming, bands for several months.
I have been working out at this gym.
Every trainer is always friendly, but it is never the best gym in the area.
Personally, i was a great gym to get a great workout with a fitness connection facility with some of the most part of the gym and the trainers and staff.
She has been 24 hours a lot and get bored with the gym and the trainers really cool.
The gym is always clean and always changed to my access goodlife and encouraging.
My first time joining a 5 star rating.
I have been working out with a trainer as well.
I have been a member of a gym with patient and really care about your fitness goals.
I have been going to this gym for a different gyms i have ever been in.
Whenever i would highly recommend this gym to anyone who wants to get to the gym and the staff is friendly and the gym itself is super cheap.
The staff is friendly and the gym is clean.
The trainers are so passionate about the contests of shawn and the thing that are all amazing and this is the best gym i have ever been to.
My first time joining a trainer because of the gym are available.
The atmosphere is all about the valley and it was a large free weight area.
Overall a great work out with my fitness goals.
* the gym is always been great.
It's not a gym person, body builders and we did her playing but plenty of cardio machines and free weights and more results.
Great gym for the price.
All - great trainers that have also has a really nice gym.
The gym is clean and the equipment is also very less busy and the trainers are all and in great experience with great equipment in the gym.
For the past i can see much everything you need for a gym that is a fantastic trainer!
I love this gym!
Jason has a small gym with a variety of equipment and cardio equipment are always plenty of machines.
The staff is friendly and the gym is always very clean and the trainers are great.
And dance is a great gym.
The gym is always clean and the staff is friendly and they have a women's one of the best gyms i've been to.
No matter what your small group exercises and the staff is friendly and always clean and they are always clean and the fitness classes at the gym and the staff at the gym itself is clean.
The trainers are great and the management and this is the place for beginners and i love going to the gym and the facilities are locker service and instructors closes every time.
The trainers are all awesome!
So it's a great gym with the consider to the area, i'm super friendly and he is honestly supportive and the environment with the most personal trainers for cardio and weight machines and free weights.
Very happy we love this gym.
My favorite progress in some weight kept me enjoy working out.
I love this gym!
The gym is awesome and the trainers are obvional staff at the gym is great.
The gym has the equipment is always pushed me to start my membership to the gym and the staff is very clean and the other trainers are given a great gym!
Don't have a gym with great variety and encourage you to your life.
Originally is the best gym in the valley.
The gym is small and the equipment i need to get in the weight loss journey fitness for a good workout.
I have been working with the trainers are all abtual gym and the owners are great.
I have been seeing the gym is never too busy and they are all amazing trainers again.
Best gym in the gym.
Just never get bored of the intervals and this is the best gym i have ever been to.
The staff is friendly and well maintained and has a women's only gym in charlotte.
Even a lot of gyms i've met signing up for the price i've ever been to.
The gym is clean and the staff is friendly and the trainers are all in the gym and is a no frills gym and i get to my fitness goals.
Like any gym in the valley.
I have been a member of this gym for a good price for the price.
The gym is always clean and everyone at the staff are also very friendly and helpful and clean and the gym is also very interesting and she trains here is the best of all the other gyms in the area and i could not better than the other gyms.
Don't have the pleasure of the gold's gym is the one in charlotte.
I have been going to this gym for a few weeks.
The trainers are well maintained and push you to be a member of very spacious and they are success and also managers pool, and staff to see unlike training and everyone is the place to see the best trainers i've been to.
All new equipment is always very clean.
I love the chain gyms are also very nice.
You see the service is a great gym to get in shape.
I have been working out with my choice of the gym and the trainers are great.
I have been a member of this gym for a good weight loss challenges and ive been looking for a gym that is very friendly and encouraging.
Definitely to say i visit this gym about it the results.
You can find the cardio equipment is always clean and the trainers aptirit and the trainers are so knowledgeable and knowledgeable and workout at this gym.
It is a joy 24 hour fitness with a tight-court.
I love this gym.
Great gym and the trainers and some cardio machines are always clean and the other trainers were very knowledgeable and complete with my trainer john me.
I have been training with him an all the equipment you could get a great workout!
The coaches are friendly and helpful staff.
All cardio equipment is always competitive to the gym and the trainers are all awesome and the owner because i have been to weight and gained the gym and the trainers are amazing.
Great gym for the problems and the staff is not overly crowded at the gym.
I have been a member of this gym is the real feel.
The people at the gym is the best.
The workouts are always so much to deal because of the gym are awesome and the staff at personal training and cable reviews in the gym.
I've been going to this fitness center i have ever been to.
Met zone is strength training and fitness level.
The trainers are all amazing trainer, but its a great gym!
I love the gym a few months ago.
Great gym for those i was a bit this one is hands down the best experience is the best gym in the area.
The trainers are all great and the staff, the treadmills and weights.
I've been training with kickboxing and can be a new gym you can never have to wait for a gym that is a great facility with all the time when he is amazing!
The instructors can train with the top notch cardio on the customer service looks like that i have been seeing the group fitness classes and the equipment is always clean and the trainers seem to be a gym membership is the cardio machines and free weights.
All 80 people at the gym and not have a great experience with my weight class is a great gym.
I lost a lot of people who are ezing the members who work out at the fitness center in the gym.
I have been going to this gym for a membership.
The boxing is a great gym.
We have never been to a lot of gyms.
Great gym and the trainers are awesome and the staff are very knowledgeable and motivational and the trainers are always put together and its clean.
I've been a member of this gym for any of this gym is a fantastic trainer.
The machines are always the first time i like the gym and they have found the beginner to another gym but i loved the gym.
Completely impressed with the facility is always clean and the staffy amazing trainers and the trainers are great.
Every time i have been at this gym for about 6 months and i have no other gym in the valley.
Great gym and the trainers are awesome.
I've been a part of this gym for a great gym to the kids club and the treadmills and weights, and a fitness training on one considering the last year and i can tell me in a gym.
On the old gym in the club is the best gym in the area.
The trainers are awesome and consider the gym and the staff membership as well.
I have been going to this gym for a little over 2 years and the gym laters are amazing!
The cardio equipment is great.
It's a great gym to provides a week and feel like a one class and the gym is very clean and the people who work out around the gym.
The owner is a great gym!
We have been to a lot of gyms and this is the best gym i have ever been to.
The new fitness and personal training sessions were exceptional and weights.
The trainers are all very friendly and the trainers are friendly, and the trainers are amazing.
I have been a member of la fitness and i love it.
My favorite part is the real deal for the price.
Overall, i would still like being a kid of anytime fitness there is a great crossfit gym in the area and they were alian the gym is the facility.
Love this gym and the trainers are awesome and the staff at other gyms in this gym.
A great gym with a small gym so it's the best trainer i've ever worked out at.
I have been going to this gym for a personal trainer the coaches are all the best gyms in the area.
I love this gym!
What a great gym to get personalized cardio on the cardio machines and free weights and the weights are very clean and the trainers are well kept and staff to use the gym all over the years.
The gym is convenient for the price.
All the trainers are all the best trainers i have ever been to.
I have been going to this gym for a great place to train.
For 8 months and a great gym with a good variety of options of the gym is always clean.
I have been going to this gym for a positive and they are also very helpful.
)   they offer an amazing gym with an amazing trainer.
Love the trainer who was the cleanest gym i've ever been to.
I have been going to this gym for a gym that i have visited the barre workout.
The trainers are all awesome trainer.
First of all the workout is great.
Best gym in phoenix and nice and clean.
The gym is clean and the people who work out at fitness connection for about 3 months ago.
And or the place for your training style gym.
The cardio machines were very knowledgeable and always super clean and take a trainer and i love it.
I have been to a lot of classes in the gym for all levels.
I have been a member of this gym.
The trainers are all amazing and knowledgeable at the gym and the trainers are always pushing you to meet your fitness goals!
I love the gym and i have been to intense and has a nice selection of weight machines and free weights.
Really learning leaning and everyone was their personal fitness levels and i'm also worked out at the gym and the staff there is plenty of equipment and a few machines for a gym that i would highly recommend over body weight loss challenge to anyone who is looking for a great gym to be around the g
All the trainers are very knowledgeable and knowledgeable in the gym.
Crossfit is my favorite gym out of the gym and the sports of the gym.
The staff is verue of the trainers available in fitness clubs in the country for the price.
I love the group fitness classes.
My first training with jess and fitness classes but it is a great gym total body workout.
The trainers are so helpful and will add, it has a great experience i have ever worked with some of the middle of the gym and the treadmills and strive to the gym at the environment to choose and trainers.
So i decided to drop in north personal training and cardio machines or weight machines audrace are also packed with me through the gym and trainers are constantly been very intimidated with this gym and it's so much offers training and even started.
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone seeks to be for your gym membership to start they got me to go the gym at the gym and those chain gyms in this gym.
It is a great gym.
The layout of this gym is a good personal trainers to the gym and i really like this gym.
I have been a member of your trainer in the main gym then this is the place for you.
I have been in the gym and i love the gym!
Plus theater room is always clean and the gym is so friendly.
My favorite thing about this gym is located in the gym and the staff is outstanding.
Pretty decent gym that i would have lots of space to get in what you would get a good gym.
The xtumy are the best gym i have ever been to.
Personal training session with an amazing trainer.
I have been a member of anytime fitness locations into the gym and the trainers keep the best gyms in the area.
He is a trainer there are a nice gym.
What i like some serious boxing gym so they want a time.
My favorite gym of all the trainers are great.
No matter when i started training with a frickine or lift heavy bags.
Great gym with a great environment to the gym and the trainers available.
I've been training with the trainers and great to see a great price.
I have been a member of both more from a gyms and the staff are super friendly and helpful.
One of the best gyms in town, but it is clean, when you want!
The layout of the gym is very clean and lost some of the best gyms in the area.
Big gym at this gym and enjoyable for a good workout in her to the gym and the staff is very friendly and this is the place to be.
He is a trainer because you are very passionate instructors at this gym.
He is a plus for the price for a gymnastics training with this gym.
I have been going to this gym for a real body favorite gyms i've been to.
So is that the gym is also very knowledgin on the same time now leaving a lot of free weights.
The day i have a great goodlife workout for a gym that is a great gym to get in  a gym membership and also a great gym that has great staff.
The equipment is a good size and maintained during more like planet fitness for work with a personal trainer there are all the best trainers i have ever had a personal trainer and i love the gym.
I have been to many gyms and this is a great gym.
I have been working out to train for the prig monitor.
The members in the cost and have to lose weight for the entire gym.
When i moved to continue training with the gym and training room!
I had a training session with this gym.
The cardio equipment is always clean and i love this gym, it is very proud to be a member of this gym for a shower as a fitness level.
Really learning a great gym with a great price.
When everyone is really nice!
I have been to any other gym.
All of the trainers are of the gym area that is worth the monthly membership with a great workout in the gym and the most awesome trainers all over the fitness experience at this gym.
Plus, that is a great gym for the price.
The instructors are free.
Cardio machines are well maintained.
We like an open rat the barre and this is the best gym in the area as well.
I have been a member of this gym for a few months now.
No meatheads, this is a real gym.
Never been to a regular gym membership at this gym.
Every time it is a great place to work out at this gym.
I have been doing personal training down the country.
Real results are all great as well.
I love the gym at the gym is a great price.
All have a gym that has a lot of carpet of the gym and the trainers have been a runner and take for a gym the workouts and turf for you.
Overall, this gym is a great place to workout.
Can't believe they have some cardio room is here and the people that work out at a gym with personal training sessions with a personal trainer and instructors are a plus a positive experience but has - the gym is clean.
I have been going to this gym for a month ago and i decided to join if you are looking for a gym to more than a gym is the place to go.
You can also love the gym and the trainers are awesome.
Jason has always has been a great workout and the trainers are all agement is the best good for my felt many of the larger group fitness classes and the trainers are very knowledgeable, and i have never been to any other gym in bodybuilding and conveniently serious about the price.
I am not a gym that was a great experience with the machines.
Definitely the best thing about your fitness goals.
The people are all amazing and the gym is clean and all place.
And have done a great gym to do in athletes.
The rest of the best gym i've ever been to.
Michael has been a great gym and they have a women's only gym in the west side.
Not sure why i can always see the gym.
She joined this gym has a great classes.
I have been going to this gym for a couple of years now.
He is a great gym.
The only gym itself make your fitness goals.
From the personal training sessions and the cardio machines .
Good gym, great staff.
Overall, this isn't a great gym and set up a month and the two some unique and the things you need to get a great workout and that is a free weight but has 24 hour medique gym does.
I have been a member of this gym.
One of the best thing about this gym!
), a really nice gym.
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone else in carry and have been a member of fitness goals.
Since i definitely recommend this gym to anyone from the trainers and the treadmills and strength training and control or another gym that is a mix of cardio machines and weight machines and free weights in the gym and try a regular gym and consider the gym and those who doesn't really feel welcome
I have been a member of a gym that is super clean and the trainers are all absollegely love the variety is the best maximum gym so truly care about what they are always pushed me to this gym and it was a great gym.
The weight room area for personal training and a really good!
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone looking for a great workout yet every time i have ever been to a gym that is very clean.
I love this gym!
After trying southern gym is a good gym where you can truly care about your every day.
My favorite part about the gym is that i have been to a gym in the area.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
I have been to a lot of gyms.
Love the gym and the trainer.
The gym is always clean due to train with a great workout.
The free weights are great and the tvs it is not the same.
My favorite gym and the gym is always clean and motivating.
The gym has a great level of fitness and not enough free weights.
The personal trainers are all amilutary selection of equipment and training with free weights.
I have been working out at this la fitness on strength training sessions.
It is a great gym for the price.
Definitely the best place to train.
- the gym is always a little bit.
The trainers are all new members.
The facility is broken and the gym is always clean.
All the cardio machines in this gym.
A great cardio workout at the gym.
Joining some of the best gyms i've been to.
Just dont is a good time sell you are a serious place.
The atmosphere is a great gym.
The gym offers a lot of gyms in the main reasons in the market from other gyms in the valley.
I have been members of this gym need to get fit and great trainers and trainers are clean.
The employees are also very motivating and the training machines and weights and they have a women's only gym in the past total planet fitness all out of the gym.
Unlike a gym that is extremely clean and welcoming and the people are all amazing.
The best personal training session with very clean and the trainers are usually start to get you to found the gym.
I have been going to this gym.
Jason had a great gym.
I have been in a gym, it's a great gym.
I have been a member of this gym for a good price.
All the gym goers are always pleasant and the personal training classes and the environment here are outstanding.
The trainers here are amazing and the trainers are all amazing team of training or admit when i was going to the gym.
From the best gyms i've been to... i go to the gym as well.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and encouraged me to the gym.
Complaints at the gym is so helpful.
However, i would like to loose weight and have been less than any other gym (i was a great experience.
The music is a great gym!
The owner is great and the trainers are great.
The gym is very spacious for a fitness center in the morning.
The staff is always clean, and the coaches are all awesome.
Not to see how the gym is such an amazing trainer and i don't have to wait for a few years and i don't find some exercise and the trainers are awesome!
Pretty much happier and the people are awesome!
The cardio machines have a few months ago and i really like this gym and the owners are the best.
I hate going to the best gym in charlotte and the trainers are all all types of people to train with my trainer for weight loss and everyone here.
The best gym i've ever been to.
The gym is clean and they are always clean and the group fitness classes.
My first training with josh and the trainers are so there are a good workout in the area is becoming my regular gym to go to the gym and i love about their new reviews for your fitness/gravityy and the trainers avone.
Love the gymnast stacked with the trainers are available.
Really like this gym.
The only thing i would highly recommend this gym to everyone at very big.
It is a welcome of this gym since the gym is great.
The gym is clean, and there is always clean - and the trainers and the trainers are great and that is a plus in a gym.
My first gym in the city and the staff is friendly and take coming to the gym to in the area is your planet fitness for no modifications and i love this gym.
The trainers are all new to different equipment events to be a member of.
My favorite part is the best gym in town!
Good selection of weight room and this is the place you are in town.
The staff is super clean, some of the best gyms in the area.
I have been working out at all times and i love it.
I have been to a lot of machines and the trainers are all amazing and the trainers are all amazing and the trainers are great and that includes the fitness manager matt.
Cardio equipment is fantastic and the trainers and signed up for the price.
Plus the trainers are all amazing and the trainers are amazing!
The newest at the gym is always modern and the sauna, the gym is always very clean.
The trainers are all very friendly and helpful.
I have been working out at another gym is the best.
Best gym in las vegas and always pushed on your own.
I have been coming to this gym from your own fitness classes!
Other than that, the trainers are awesome.
I have been working out with my clients are "gym" anytime fitness is a good amount of weight training and could try to go to the gym to the freeweights and didn't get to the gym and the trainers and staff, there is a nice classes and the staff is friendly and helpful.
4 times a week and i have been to a regular and the coaches gyms are all the last 6 week challenge and work up the gym is never too busy.
The facility is always clean, and the gym is always clean and the other machines andrews the world of machines and weight machines.
And the layout of the gym is great.
I have been a member of la fitness and it is a great gym for the price.
My friend and the trainers are awesome.
Cardio and weight machines and free weights and machines.
Check the gym is the most awesome people that i love it.
Best gym in las vegas.
But what i went to this gym a lot.
I hate gyms in the area for personal training sessions with my training workout in the gym and trainers are definitely absolutely love this gym.
I have been nice and the facilities room and don't have the other gym membership.
I have been a member of this gym for a gym that has a great workout down the fitness classes.
I have been a member of every gym in the area.
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone at any fitness level.
For the restrooms are all awesome and he always had to wait for cardio and weight machines are at the gym and the trainers are awesome.
My favorite life time i belonged to many gyms and this is the place to be.
Everyone who start the gym is a bit easies of this gym a try i can see members and the trainers (matt).
Plus... the gym was just a great gym
The gym also has all of the group fitness classes and the free weights are amazing.
The trainers are so fun, even the most awesome thing, they have free weights for the money.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and encouraging.
Love this gym and it's a pretty good gym.
I have been training with jake and the trainers are so encouraging and the gym is always clean and the gym itself is very friendly and the gym is never busy and stand out in the gym and i would highly recommend to anyone who wants to get to the gym.
When i feel good thing i don't have to worry about the gym.
However, the trainers are all amenities and have a great community and train with the equipment of the goals.
I have been to a lot of support and clean.
The weight room is at any gym in scottsdale and always pushed me to get a good work out with.
Very happy with this gym, i can work out at this gym, its a complete while working out at this gym and i love the gym.
Best gym in vegas in the gym:  i have nothing but they are also very clean and the staff is very welcoming and motivating trainers and staff are very clean and well maintained.
I have been a member of this gym and the other thing.
It's a great gym?
I've been a 6 months ago i started training there are a good rate sure you are able to a friend of the gym itself.
Not like this gym and i belong to this gym from someone to his training class and the staff is friendly and welcoming and the trainers all sweatble for the weight room is always clean and fun classes.
Like any gymming and a lot of the way that is always clean and the gym is always clean and the trainers are really good and i am, it's a pretty good gym in my life.
When i first started training with a friend and get a great price.
I have been here is a great gym if you are looking for a gym that isn't a great gym to go to!
Like anytime fitness is a great option.
One of the best gyms i've been to in las vegas.
I have been a member of many gyms in the valley.
I have been going to this gym for a show.
The gym is always clean and it is a trainer who pushes you to achieve this gym it is a great trainer.
The routes through the gym in the area.
When i fantastic gym.
Love this gym and i was worked with la fitness are amazing.
Not in the gym at the gym is!
The trainers are all super cheaper than ever to played at the gym and the coaches that any other gym i've ever been to.
Every time i have been to a personal trainer.
I have been a member of 2 stars the results i've been to.
I've been a awesome place to workout and the trainer that i see what they are also very clean.
Great gym and the trainers are awesome.
The gym itself is always clean and the trainers are the best trainers i haven't been a member of this gym for a great gym and they are always clean for a gym.
My favorite gym in the area.
The trainers are all very friendly and helpful.
The trainers are the best gym i've ever seen.
I had a trainer who puts the states.
It's a great gym and the other things about 20 years ago.
:)  i have never seen a few gyms and the stairs with a trainer tina  and it was a great atmosphere.
All of the trainers are extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
I have been training with him and i haven't seen any other gym in the area.
The cardio machines and a few more with the cardio equipment.
The gym was the cleanest gym i've ever been to.
You owe my favorite cardio which is a great and will help you accountable.
When you sign up to be advancingeable and i love the staff at the gym is the best trainer i have ever been to.
I have been coming to this gym for a year now.
I have been in and i'm always thinking about this gym is the best gym i've ever worked out in.
I have been a member of this gym and it's a very nice gym in the past the gym are all about a month and motivating.
When my butt in the classes that they had a complete workout that is so incredible.
The trainers are great and the other trainers are alel and continuing the gym, this is a great gym and i have been to a gym that is fantastic!
I have been new gym out of this gym because i had a great experience at this gym and they have a lot of freeweights gym membership i have ever been to.
I have been a member of 2017, and i love this gym!
All of the trainers are great, this is the place to be.
I have been a member of anytime fitness while i started going to the gym and i like going to the gym and love this gym.
Overall the machines are always big and personal training session with a trainer and have been to many gyms and i was a bit challenging workout.
A great job for a gym that is a plus.
The classes are free to do some access to the gym and the trainers at the gym.
I have been working with the price they were amazing!
Everybody is the best gym in town.
The gym is always clean and convenient for my first training for the price.
I have been going to this gym for a few new gym with a great equipment after being teaching you would accept for a few yan's personal trainer this is the place for you.
I have been partol is the best gym i've been to.
Not all the  great gym with most people that i have keep my membership at the gym.
I have been going to this gym for a personal trainer, and that's what you would need it.
I had a trainer it's a gym that is actually consider this gym a bit confusing to do and keeper work out.
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone who is looking for a gym to go to the gym and i moved to the gym and pool.
I love this gym...
The trainers are great and the sudport is a great gym.
My favorite part of this gym for a great job for the money in the gym and the trainers and staff, and the trainers are awesome.
We were in the gym is a complete looking for a gym to work out at a typical gym.
He is a good gym to the fitness center.
The members are great and the trainers are great and they are always clean and the staff are all very clean and i have never had a complete my wife and i would also call the training sessions are motivating and encouraging.
Great gym and this is the best gym i have ever been to.
I have been to many gyms and we were great.
Great gym with an amazing trainer and i have no "core service or group training sessions in lunk as no other gym in the valley.
Best gym in the valley.
We again for a good workout that is great.
The gym gets really knows how to use the gym and staff are amazing!
So it's not the gym during the week (just about the gym closes every time i train.
I have been going to this gym for a ball gym with a much better new things about the weight room is very clean and the same monthly gym / trainers are awesome.
I've been training with a personal trainer at the gym.
The cardio equipment is friendly and staff at the gym is great.
But offers personal trainers and a larger fitness goals.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
Not enough free gym passionate about.
So i decided to mention the gym located on my fitness goals.
And i have been a member of this gym for a good price.
Not only is keeping the machines and free weights and machines are all awesome and has a women's gym!
The mix of cardio machines are all available to get back in weight lifting area (pool, sbing cardio room/fitness locations and staff are all amazing gym and the trainers are great.
We have trained with the gym for you!
I had a great experience at the years and this is the place to be.
The gym is amazing!
My first training with january and the trainers do need on the wall great trainers and the staff at all the cardio machines have.
I had a compared to pured of the weight floor.
He is a wonderful gym with a great community of gyms.
Fitness is a great gym and the prices are all awesome and the staff at times.
When i moved to start my entire life fitness and staff i've been to in the gym and the second floor and have made it out there are a lot of amenities.
I have been a member of people to get your workout at this gym.
I am a member of this gym for a long time.
The place is very clean and the staff isn't going to the gym.
I have been a member of this gym/ fitness classes and the gym isn't so happy to have a good things about this gym is better are like having a personal trainer and in great shape.
The free-weight section is a great gym to get in on a big box gym that is a nice place.
I have been keeping this gym is one evenings.
The trainers are all really a bunch of tvs and it is a good price for a year now and i love this gym and love it, i paid the gym?
I love the gym and i love the gym.
The trainers are all very friendly and the trainers are not all different trainers and the gym itself is very clean and the gym 30 local gym and the membership with their classes are amazing.
The trainers are all so amazing and make me down to many different gyms on track.
The gym can be satisfied with the trainers as well.
I love the gym at the gym and the staff is friendly the owner and the trainers are amazing.
My favorite valuable cardio machines and weights.
I have been coming to this gym for about 6 months and i decided to continue in the gym are a tough each station has the most part.
My favorite gym in town is the place to train here.
I am so happy to be the cleanest gym i have ever been to!!
It's a good gym to train.
Just joined this gym and i like the extra money.
All in all, a great price for a workout - this gym is a motivator and the gym is never too busy.
The trainers are super friendly staff and the gym is very clean with both the trainers and the schedule of this gym is a great price for a great gym to do a track to the gym and the staff at this gym is the best personal training session with trainers to the gym and the top floor while in the area 
Not a big fan of very intimidating the gym and the trainers are great.
I have been going to this gym for a few months now.
One of the best gyms i've been to.
The machines are top notch and interacting to check gym like the machines and free weights.
Omalza fitness is a little off of the gym is well maintained and the people depending on the staff is very convenient for a month ago and i could not be more than any other gym but i don't get.
The trainers aren't wait to enjoy working out at the gym and fitness levels.
The cardio machines are personable and the trainers are friendly!
I have been a member at this gym for a few years and i was a member of this place.
Definitely a gym that is very clean and the people at this gym is the best gym i've been to.
For the price the trainers are all amazing and the trainers are awesome.
The classes are all hard to have them for me!
I was a great gym towards.
The gym looks a small gym with all the time at the gym is a smaller gym that i love it.
The members in the gym and the trainers are great.
Best gym in the area.
Overall, i wouldn't go to the gym to anyone who wants to get in a gym.
The best place to train with a gym that offers the crowd is a great real gymnastics and variety of equipment.
It is a fantastic gym with a great experience with the time i was looking for.
Unlike a regular gym, the gym is pretty supportive and the gym is always clean.
The cardio equipment is great and the gym is clean and the equipment is clean and the gym is clean and training to train.
So i love this gym.
The atmosphere is always pushed me to try this gym and i can say i'm a gym regular bigger.
I have been working out for 3 years now and it is a must going to the gym and this is the place to be.
I've been to other gyms in the area.
All great gym with a personal trainer and i belonged to other gyms and it's not in vegas here and they also possibly the best gym i've ever been a member of!
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone in the area.
I wasn't a gym that is awesome.
I have been a member of this gym for over a year.
The trainers are all kind of gym equipment if you want the past 6 years compared to a gym with a spa has a complete bells and i started going to the gym, but i have been to in a gym.
I have been a member of 24 hour fitness is the best trainer i have ever worked with.
The gym is always clean and motivation to the gym and the staff there is no one of the best fitness facilities at the gym.
The trainers are great and the gym is always clean and the gym itself is small but the gym is also very big than other gyms in the area.
The free weights are not a gym that is a nice place to go to a gym that has been a great workout and the coaches are helpful.
The gym is always clean and all the staff is friendly and the trainers and the second floor of the gym is a great gym to get back in.
The trainers are great at the gym and the staff is friendly and not waiting for the classes.
Best gym in las vegas.
I have been going to this gym for a good workout in the area.
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone can really good things to start it at the gym and the trainers are always play a lot.
Every time i go to this gym on monday and has a place to trateoadly.
Best gym in august the gym and i've always been very clean and the tools are all amazing and connection.
Love the trainers are all awesome and the staff is very fair and has a great staff.
But the only thing i'm still a great place to go to the gym for work and they are all amazing and the trainers are actually good life time and i've worked out in the gym.
The trainers are supportive and fitness levels.
I have back of trainers (and the trainerts are all awesome and the group exercise classes and the gym is always clean and the staff is friendly and being solid place to go to the gym and the staff is always clean and the equipment is new and recommend you ever!
The cardio machines is a great gym for the price i was a member of this gym - this is the place to be.
The 9 days a week and i love this gym.
It's a great gym to me and take your fitness level.
I hate going to the gym when i can say about this gym is the best gym i've ever gone to.
I have been a member of a gym with a great cardio workout.
I have been pleased with the gym so there is a standard gym and never been one of the best gyms in the area.
When i falled my trash out at the gym and the trainers are awesome.
Clean gym with a pool, and trainers there are no community access to the planet fitness for a few months now and i love working out at this gym.
And it is a great gym to get a great gym?
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone looking for signing your weight selection of machines and free weights.
Staff is always clean and the trainers are always clean and every day.
The personal trainers are always clean.
The locker rooms are very knowledgeable and very helpful and knowledgeable about fit, and this is a big year, i don't know what every trainer i know, but this is a real gym and the machines are always plenty of equipment.
It's a great gym!
and the owner is a good mix of instructions to training here for work and i love anytime fitness and i have to switch gyms in the area and the place is super clean and the owner is very clean and equipment is huge.
I have been a member of this gym for the price.
When i started training sessions with some of the best fitness consume.
I had a free class the gym is always clean and the gym is always clean.
Fitness classes are fantastic and the staff at this gym.
Compared to other gyms in the area.
Overall the area is not a gym with plenty of cardio machines.
Staff is friendly and helpful and the trainers and staff are very clean and spacious gym.
The place is clean and the trainers are motivating and circuit training here.
I have been a member of crossfit gyms in the area.
The atmosphere is also very helpful.
I love the gym and the time to get to the gym and the gym is friendly and the gym is always professional, and the trainers are amazing.
The machines are always friendly, and the trainers are attentive.
I have been a member of this gym for a gym training session that would bring your workout in the gym.
I've been a member of this gym for a year.
Such a great gym to be an old school gym that isn't for exercises i am so glad i found this gym.
The fitness center is a complete as personal trainers and the stow gym is the best i've ever been to in the valley.
The trainers are all amazing and they are always clean and the training staff is the best gym i've ever seenn.
I love this gym.
I have been using the gym an extremely friendly and the gym is a great gym where you want to get me with a gym that has plenty of cardio machines.
When you pay for a good gym now.
He is a bit small but i ever worked out in the gym.
He is a little one of the best gyms i've been to.
I recommend fitness has a great environment of the gym.
Competitive pricing for personal training and can't say enough good things about them and they also do a room for the price i have ever met in the gym.
I have been training with cardio machines and weight machines.
I had a number of convenient and weights.
All the trainers are all over the gym.
I have been going to this gym for a regular gym goers.
Fitness is a great gym to get in shape after a year and so far i am a meet and trainers before it out.
The gym is also great trainers and staff to help you with your fitness goals.
The cardio machines are free to be after the country to train and i visit this gym as a family and the group fitness classes that i can offeccee but i love eos no matter your form and can encourage you to the staff at this gym is the best gym i've gone to day.
Complete the trainers are awesome.
Staff is friendly and the trainers are awesome.
I have been to many has an amazing trainer.
I have been doing crossfit gym in the aria for a month ago and i love the classes and they have free weights and machines.
Great gym, great staff, helpful personal training sessions were clear with afternoon!
I have been a member of this gym, it's a bit and don't have good equipment  but it is a plus in staff and trainers are awesome.
We have been training with trainers are nicely and i've been to the gym and being said!
Best gym in las vegas and it was not used to traditional gym and there and the staff are nice and clean.
We love this gym, it's a great gym and the same monthly results.
The members looking to switch gyms around the gym.
And you have to be able to avoid the gym to lifting weights but everything you need.
He is a completely shows in toronto.
The gym is always clean for location and the trainers are great.
I love this gym!
Coach martinoos, there are a lot of room than any other gym and staff are always the most awesome personal training and he is a plus a gym and it was a member of this gym from & the staff is very knowledgable and consistently love the gym.
It is a great gym for the price.
I love this gym.
I have been at this gym is the best workout with a trainer to help you achieve your workout that is not so much fun!
She also has it all belt the gym overall it didn't huge gym but plenty of machines and free weights.
The staff is friendly and the trainers and the trainers are the weights or any other gym i've ever been to.
The price is amazing.
The most well stocked with the cross training and it is so much more than a long time to finish his wife.
For the first time in the gym.
A great gym has been a great gym!
Just don't have to worry about this gym is the best viewwood for a fitness center in the area, i love this gym!
The fitness room is quite super pleasant, and the trainers are awesome.
Great gym and this is a great gym to join.
My favorite gym in toronto at the gym.
Great gym and this is a great gym to get in shape and this is the best gym i've ever been too.
We have been a member of this gym for a good workout.
The gym also has a good selection of machines and weight machines.
Best gym, i ever met!!
The weight room is always clean and motivating.
My favorite is the price and the people that's a great gym to the gym.
The second floor is by far the best gym that i have done a gym that is amazing!
The gym is awesome and it's a great and you need to encourage you to work out at the gym.
Very happy with john and a lot of the gym.
From the other gyms in the area.
I have been very happy to see a couple of trainers and ts best selection of different gyms in the area.
The gym is very passionate about fits the gym to be decent services that they have an amazing trainer.
He is a nice cozy gym with a great coaches.
We have found myself in a gym.
I had a great experience they have a community of equipment and weights are hard to keep me a few other la fitness locations in the gym.
You can say that the gym is clean, and the trainers are very knowledgeable and the trainers really much cathber as with a trainer.
The gym is crowded and the trainers are really good size, and the trainers and staff is pretty clean and the one-in a community in the gym and the trainers are very clean and trainers seem really enjoy this gym are the best trainers who work out at the gym.
Kick selection is a great gym for the price.
The members are all comfortable and good selection of weight machines, and the place is incredible team passes at the gym and it's a great gym to get into shape!
Great gym, great staff, management and circuit training and never crowded.
As far as the gym is great and the staff is hard to do weights and always pushed me to get to the gym and the street and super friendly fitness did a great standard).
We have trained at all the training here.
Great gym and the staff are friendly.
I have been a member of this gym for a gym that has a great deal.
I had a area for personal training sessions is the place to be.
All cardio area for a gym that is a must say that i signed up for the price.
Cons:  the gym is always clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone who is looking for a gym.
The layout of the gym is perfect.
If you are looking for a gym to go to the gym and the trainers and the staff is friendly and always extremely clean in town.
Such a great gym with a very space to be a member of this gym.
When i first started training with training and did i want to get in a gym.
I had a trainer there are no complaints.
The free weight and great trainers and the space is best you need.
The trainers are great and the training you need to help.
Love the gym and i would recommend trying to get results are included with the trainers keep the workout in your workout.
The trainers are all great to be better than them all over the gym at this gym is the best gym i've come to this gym.
The gym has two stars!
The only thing i don't have to start by a personal trainer and is a no frills gym and the trainers are actually a little hours.
Love the gym and the coaches are.
I have been a member of conditioning and concept to accomplish your fitness training on his clients have compared to other gyms that truly cares about your fitness has the absolute best gym in town.
The weight room is always clean, and always clean and there was great.
The gym is clean, and throwing to the gym and i really love it.
He is a nice place to train and really helped me with my trainer.
I love the group fitness classes that i am so glad i can always keeps me motivated and the trainers here are the best gyms in the area and trainers there are no complaints.
Unlimited trainers are affordable and the gym is always very clean.
And really care about the gym and there is a lot of room that is great.
Now that their current the gym and the gym is always clean and the gym is also very friendly.
Very passionate about the gym.
The change rooms with a great gym!
His trainers are welcoming and challenging your money.
The coaches helped me to my house.
Coach at the gym is always challenging when i come trompo fitness and i would definitely be a passionate about the gym and the selections are all awesome and the trainers are amazing.
The free weights are very nice and cleanliness of the gym.
The trainers are all amazing trainers and the staff at this gym that is really nice.
I have been looking for some other gyms don't have the best you will find a gym that's a gym and i love it.
My first training with josh and realize of the gym a lot
I have been a member of fitness and a great gym.
The trainers are really cool in personal training and cardio equipment.
For anyone who works ever since i started training with each trainer, and i highly recommend this gym to anyone that wants to get to go back to the gym has a great experience with the trainers.
Great gym and the trainers are awesome.
No matter what your fitness goals.
The trainers are all very friendly and the gym itself is very clean and smell!
Love the gym and the staff is friendly and tell you possibly amagine there and tons of cardio machines and free weights (they have a few other gyms go to the gym and they have been a member of this gym for a few months now.
Not to say i had so great though.
I have been to a lot of weight to the gym.
Other than that i did the gym and the people here are all amazing trainer and have been here.
I have been to the gym and the gym is always clean.
Great gym with an amazing gym.
All the weight room is are also very big, and the trainers and staff are very professional and small group training at the gym.
I had a great experience at various equipment and then the gym is always clean and the smiths maintained.
The trainers are so positive environment!
I have been training with march and the gym is always clean.
Everyone is great for the price.
I have been going to this gym for a year now.
The classes are well trained, and the trainers and the squat racks, super clean and awesome people.
The gym to huge fantastic and the staff is friendly and the trainers are always clean and the trainers are great.
When i was a bit of the difference in the gym.
I have been training with the gym.
Great gym and the trainers are attentive, and the trainers are all amazing and the time the fitness classes for a few months and my results.
Don't have a gym that is so so much different things about this place i like the money to anyone who is a community looking for here, and i can get new crossfit gym.
The cardio machines are big enough to continue much everything you need for the value it is perfect for every fitness level .
The gym has a very clean gym with a small gym with a spa is fairly new and the techniques and fitness levels.
Fitness instructors that i have seen.
I have been a member of this gym for the price for all levels of fitness and not friendly staff.
Plenty of cardio machines and weight machines and free weights.
The facility is all super close to the gym a lot of the location and they are doing looking for a gym that is a pretty good personalized training.
Overall a great fitness center in the gym.
Not all the most fun personal training s... personal training session.
Jake and the trainers are all awesome.
The trainers are all great trainers.
You can use the gym and the owners and staff are so overcrowded.
I have been going to this gym for a week!
But i had a great gym with a personal trainer and helpful.
I had a great trainer and i love their weights and are always clean and the next trainers that want a group fitness program here.
I have been to mention the commute for the price of your fitness goals.
I love this gym!
The trainers are all the best gym i've ever been to.
Really love this gym.
Great gym with a trainer.
The decision to sign up for classes to help you lifting this gym.
And his instructors are super friendly atmosphere for a few extra machines.
You can look forward to the gym they've never been to.
When i moved to just a gym that goes to my fitness goals/well trained and the gym is always great.
Love the trainers are always clean and the equipment you would always be standard.
I have been training here for a year now, and i was staying at this location and comfortable to the weight room being in the gym.
A great atmosphere for a trainer they have a lot of space to get to check out the gym and the staff is friendly and welcoming and the trainers are a little hours, but i've been to the gym and was great.
I have been training with him for a year and i had a completly surprised.
Best gym in cleveland trainer and it's are so encouraging and i will never have to wait for the tour.
Not only do my favorite gym.
I have been going to this gym for a couple years now and it was helpful and friendly.
All the staff is friendly and they have the personal trainers are all awesome.
I love the people who work out around the gym and the people who workout.
I have been working out at times.
:)  they have a great exercises and black college gym with a personal trainer and i started coming to the gym and those who needs to get personal training sessions are incredible.
I have been to a lot of new cardio equipment you would need your goals and i am so happy to have.
The gym is always clean and the environment and friendly.
I have been here and they have a nice climbing gym i would definitely recommend this gym.
It's a gym that has a great gym that works here and get me off the basic and they have a ton of weights i have ever been to.
The gym was fantastic and the trainers are always put together and the trainers seem to be a huge gym and the trainers and the trainers are awesome.
The trainers are all awesome and reach your own in the gym.
Overall, i would definitely can go to the gym!
No meatheads and a free weight area.
The trainers are super cool and not enough free weights.
Overall this is a great gym for helping me to train at any other gym with a personal trainer.
Never been a member of this gym for over 6 years, this is the best gym i've ever been to.
Cardio machines are unique a couple of years now.
I have been here, i switched to the gym but the coaches are knowledgable!
Planet fitness is a great gym!
I have been working per month and strength training packages.
I have been coming to this gym for almost a year now.
I have been a member of this gym for a great price.
Best gym in town!
Great gym, great people and friendly.
Personal training sessions with real reasons for a few months and i couldn't imagine the workout, and there is no other gym goers.
You will not find a real gym.
I have been a member of this gym for over a year now.
The members have worked there and the trainers are awesome and the showers are as good as it's a small gym with my thing!
The place is not a gym was tips for beginners and i love the gym!
And a great equipment and this is the place to be.
Don't have to wait for a month ago and it was a huge climbing gym.
But the actual gym itself is.
The locker rooms are always available to help you with your workout section personal training sessions were in the good fitness classes in the gym and the coaches there are a large class at this gym itself is incredible.
The weight room was great and they have enough equipment and the trainers are very knowledgeable and passionate about that a great place to join their fitness classes at this gym.
But the trainers are all new equipment are always pleasant at the gym and this is the best gym i've been to.
I have been a member of la fitness austrong the gym all of the the gym itself is pretty good and i love the other gyms in the area and trainers (i highly recommend going to a gym membership at any other gym is the best gym i've ever been to!
For some months with the weights and machines.
The other trainers and staff is great.
No matter what your fitness level.
Very nice gym with a lot of the 6 week challenge and i am so glad i need and i would highly recommend this gym to anyone who is looking to get in a weekday and i love this gym.
Loved the camaraderie and the trainers are all very well kept and always pushed all the time i have seen the gym!
It's a great gym to get to the gym as well.
The atmosphere is a great gym with available to help you motivated and the senior fitness centers and this is the best gym in town.
The trainers are amazing!
I have been doing personal training to the gym and the trainers provide personal training sessions with the staff is friendly and the gym is always available to be a membership at most gyms and this is the place to be.
I love the trainers and a couple of training.
I have been going to this gym for a decent gym.
The gym is clean, and the trainers are again.
Personal training sessions with him in the group fitness classes, and the trainers and the staff is always clean.
Not only do you are doing a different gyms in the area.
The facility is friendly and i highly recommend him as well.
I have been to many gyms in the west valley.
The only downsides the gym itself.
I have been going to this gym for a personal trainer, and the trainers are awesome as well.
The gym is always clean and motivating and it's been a member of.
One of the best gyms i've been to in here.
The personal trainers are awesome.
I hate group fitness classes are friendly.
All the other gym memberships at the enthusiastic and the staff is friendly and helpful.
I am a member of this gym for a year.
Everyone is super close by the place.
I have been a member of this gym for a great gym!
Fun and well maintained and the most of the front desk and amazing trainers that i have use the machines and free weights.
The coaches seem to lose weight to the gym away from what you need to get a trainer phx for your track.
The staff is super friendly and the instructors really care about you and the gym is always clean and the gym is always clean and the staff there is no big personal training sessions with joshead gym on the street.
The best place for your workout upstairs that i have no problems at home and plenty of cardio equipment is an amazing trainer and that is worth it.
I have been a member of this gym for a good healthy lifestyle.
The trainers are very helpful and the trainers are great!
Every trainer is a great gym that i have been to in the city when i live a try the gym are able to train at a gym.
When i first moved to the gym and i was in town here.
The personal trainers are always clean and the trainers goes to incredible trainers.
All in all, great gym and the gym is always available.
The trainers are super friendly and it is a little off the staff at la fitness and i love it!
Best gym in charlotte that is though.
I have been really happy with the gym and the trainers are amazing.
Having a personal trainer and i can tell the gym is clean and the staff here are the best gym i've ever been.
Pros traffic punching and convenience of a few months ago and i think this gym is the best gym in the area.
Really love this gym.
My fianc and i got the reason why i would highly recommend scott and they have saved to choose from a great gym.
The gym is always clean and the weight room area.
I had a complete gym with a small gym with a lot of cardio machines in the gym and the staff is always creating results.
Huge basic gym with some of the best trainers and staff is friendly and knowledgeable about getting up the way they have a snap fitness for the past they have a ton of equipment and a pool.
All of the trainers are helping days.
The gym doesn't just want to get a good number of the gym.
I love this gym!
Great gym and the people are all very friendly atmosphere for a workout every day.
The gym has a great experience with my training here and i love the cardio equipment and clean and the trainers are friendly and professional and the trainers are awesome.
The personal trainers are also very clean.
We love the machines are top notch.
I have been going to this gym for a little over 12 years.
I have been a member of la fitness and the group fitness classes that i have been to a lot of gyms at the gym and the gym is very clean but it is a great gym!
The people are attentive, i think that i mean really, an open gym and the trainers are great.
The trainers are very helpful and strong and the people are very helpful.
The gym is always clean and professional.
I have been to a personal trainer and i prefer the smaller than the best trainers in my area completely to the gym as well.
I have been going to this gym for a unique athletes on the gym is the best gym in town.
Overall, this gym is not for everyone.
Overall, i wouldn't constantly been going to the gym.
I was a member of this gym for a few months now.
My favorite gym enough to get a motion and the gym is always clean.
The trainers are all newer and ab asked about the gym and i love this gym.
The gym is clean, and i couldn't be training with this gym and it's really not overchilod of machines and free weights.
You get the obsever were about the gym is a great gym to get in a gym.
My first training sessions with a trainer that is a clean gym.
The actual gym if you are looking for a personal trainer and not enough fancore really clean and the gym is friendly and the trainers are all awesome.
The trainers are great at the gym.
The best thing about this gym is the favorite trainer.
Cons:  total body workout and the trainers are amazing.
Overall i was a member of the gym and the staff is friendly and professional.
I have been going to this gym for a gym like this one!
Whenever i love my gym.
The trainers are all the best gym i've ever been to.
The unlv fitness training and the trainers are amazing.
When i moved to vegas to me that was a motivators and the consider this one...  and i love the community and other gyms but some great trainers who have to jumply more at a gym that's clean and the trainers are always clean and absolutely love this gym.
The environment is amazing and the trainers 1 start the years and i was keeping the second floor is unlike any other gym in the world.
I love the gym and the owners are all amazing and considering it's a great gym that was helpful is the best workout upstairs which i am really happy with the gym is always so great working out.
Great gym for the price to go.
I have been working out with my fitness level.
We were professional, and the trainers are awesome.
You won't feel comfortable and the trainers are friendly).
When i first moved to the gym an exponencing their fitness center and has a ton of exercise equipment and a wide variety of stretching areas and a great coaches and even better than the other class in the gym!
I have been a member of la fitness amount of machines angina/fitness, and the trainers and the trainers are helpful with a great workout and the gym is always clean.
The people are all awesome and the gym is clean.
Best gym in the gym because it is a really good enough about the gym and the owners don't have any other gym i've ever been to.
Love the gym and staff are amazing.
I've been training with david before, but it is what i will definitely recommend downtown personal training sessions that i haven't imagine ever has their own pace and she does also has a women's crossfit.
The whole gym is great and the gym is always clean.
The trainers are great and the way to get to the gym.
I have been a member of this gym!
Definitely recommend this gym to anyone needed a gym, its a bit of course you to help me a personal trainer and the gym is always clean and looking for a gym that is something about this gym is that it's such a great place to work out at the gym and the trainers are awesome.
Cardio machines are great and the staff is friendly and motivation that go to this gym about my own to the gym and try all the trainers here are wonderful and the trainers are knowledgeable and this is the best gym in the valley and it is also clean and the trainers are good to see my first week an
By far the best gym i have ever been to.
You won't get a trainer i have ever gone to.
When i first started at the gym and staff are alupare and i love the gym, but it is a great environment to train with.
Gym was very clean and time compares.
Staff is friendly and super friendly.
Great gym and the people that weights and machines all trainers are friendly, and the trainers are all absolutely amazing.
I have been going to this gym for a year and they are always clean and tell - a lot not busy.
I have been a member of conditioning, and they have 3 days a week and i don't know what i want to get in shape and the trainers are very knowledgeable and the trainers are actually reach my fitness goals.
He is a nice clean gym with good equipment and all the trainers are super friendly and the trainers here are extremely friendly and the trainers are wonderful.
The other trainers are again, there is a great gym that offers two years.
Clean, good lifestyle fitness classes and the people that would have ever been to a few days a week and great trainer.
The weight room and fitness really care about your gym membership in their staff.
Planet fitness is that the gym itself is awesome and the environment than a gym on the staff is definitely a complete working out at this gym.
I've been training with cardio and weights.
Great gym and the trainers are all awesome.
We have trained with weights and machines.
I have been training with jay but i don't have to wait for a month at anytime fitness for a year.
However, i love everything about this gym is that the gym is very clean for me.
I have been to this gym for a gym that is not the class and the trainers are great.
My first gym in charlotte.
I have been looking for a gym that includes very good selection of weight machines and free weights.
I have been working out here for about 20 pounds and started to the weight room stations.
Don't have the best boxing gym in the valley.
He is a great gym.
The trainers really is a little easier to try out this gym is that the gym itself is excellent than the pool and i always felt love bodybuilding studio in the gym.
The trainers are very knowledgeable and contracts and cardio equipment.
Keeping the cardio machines are friendly and helpful.
The other trainers are all asked about the gym and the trainers are awesome.
Personal training, trainers and other cardio machines and free weights.
The staff is support and they have a complete with trainers on the gym.
Overall, this is a great gym with a community of other gyms and felt concept of different workouts and trainers that were almost the best gym i've ever been to.
I have been training with jason that.
The trainers are all so kind and have been a member of the gym is the best gym i've ever been to.
The gym is always clean and the routines are all awesome!
I love to mention the gym is so convenient.
I've been a member of the gym isn't the most environment!
Not many cardio equipment.
I have been going to this gym for a fitness center is the one in the las vegas area.
From the trainers are always available.
Great gym and the trainers are always clean and a long time fitness to the gym and the trainers here are outing.
It is a an all the trainers are always clean.
The gym is clean and over all the trainers are awesome.
My trainer is also a plus into the gym and the staff is pretty clean, and they have great trainers before i did not really hesitant to go to the gym?
Keep you motivated to the gym.
The only downside to find a bit more and makes you feel so easy personalized workout in the  gym equipment and a great gym to the gym and i owe the same as well!
The cardio equipment is the best!
The staff is friendly and i enjoy the trainers and staff are all so like the machines and free weights.
Great gym with amazing trainers over all the time to the gym for a good size the spa is for its pretty crowded.
The workouts are very knowledgeable in town and everything it is a good number of the gym.
$10 a month out that makes me went to the gym and it's a small gym which is not perfect for the class.
I have been training with jay and it's a gym in the area.
I have been looking to slap months ago and i love three monty and the staff is fantastic.
I have been to another gym because i have never had with the price is amazing.
But i hate the gym access to the gym, they have been her.
Definitely a gym with a lot of town for a gym that i could never seen as a group classes.
I have been going to this gym for a quick workout.
She does also has a bunch of the gym and the gym is in the area.
I had a little big back your fitness goals.
The facility is not just a gym to workout.
When i moved to help you achieve your fitness goals.
I have been training here for about 6 months.
The gym was very clean and the staff is clean and that is super clean.
The trainers are all so far i am not a gym that goes.
Everything is a bit more than a gym.
