She worked diligently to keep me up to date on the process throughout the entire loan from start to finish.
I went in the branch to open an account.
Answered all the questions i had opening up an account and being my first credit union.
Are our accounts are locked!
Because we tried to take money out we have called  and talked to 7 different ppl- been hung up twice.
We are deff going back to our old bank.
So much for those who service the country and cant get the service they need.
And they refused to refund the money paid under false pretenses!!
Very helpful with helping you better understand your banking options and needs.
I keep my business account here and they give me standard service not really much to say.
I have heard people talk about the poor treatment they have received at their banks.
The only thing i could say is change banks.
Been a policy holder for 20 years but had to cancel due poor customer service.
The iq level in that office is questionable along with not giving a flip about giving  professional service.
She worked diligently to keep me up to date on the process throughout the entire loan from start to finish.
I believe so that is the customer expects that level of service.
Bus will take you half a block from this bank.
Will never return or recommend, terrible service.
I originally placed a comment on yelp in regards to the lack of service from this agents office.
Capital one is the absolute worst bank in the country.
Veteran from 1989 and finally switched all my banking over to usaa..
Member now for about 4 years, great customer service, and all their apps work great, !!
I've been with usaa for checking and savings since 2015.
Do not let the name change from wamu to chase fool you, your money is not safe with chase.
I opened a new account a desert schools.
The service is great.
I like this bank.
Never had a problem..... who reviews banks?
I understand corporate banks but i mean i have too much time on my hands if i'm rating a bank
I would suggest anybody who banks with traditional banks give credit union one a try thanks
I've been banking with nsb for about 18 years and have not had any major issues.
I'm sorry but this is ridiculous, i'm glad that i have another bank that doesn't charge me for this service.
I stand to loose quite a bit of money if this doesn't close on time.
Best bank and branch around!
Great rates and awesome accounts!
Plus how awesome is it to have a bank right where you workout!?
Unbelievable customer service and know how from heather white, one of the bankers there.
I will be closing all my accounts at my 2 other credit unions and just deal with vantage west.
Rarely ever a line and excellent customer service!
They know what they're doing everything from their website navigation, user friendly online banking, and their superb customer service.
Whenever i called them about anything their customer service representatives have been angels.
As soon as i snag myself a full time job i am moving my checking account over to usaa.
I hate that and knowing i could get that money back would be awesome.
If i could give this bank 0 star i would!!!
The worst bank to treat business owners!!!
What makes it worse is their greeter/customer service persons attitude.
Went for banking services only to be told they don't do that at this branch.
All banking, loans, ect.
Wells fargo dealer services is by far the worse company that i have ever dealt with.
I will never use this company nor this bank again.
I am purchasing another car and i will no pick another company for that loan.
I love love love this bank.
We come in once a week as regulars and it's always an in and out along with great costumer service.
I've had bad experience at other banks and always felt they were setting me up for failure always felt cheated.
Fees every time for everything.i've been with us bank for 4 years now and i seriously can't say enough.
She was so nice and friendly and helped me set up my business account!
I promise to close my account with chase with suck horrible customer service.
This place is unprofessional, slow service, rude & unknowledgeable people working there.
2.a the new accounts rep. printed off multiple items and photocopied social sec.
Ss#, maiden name, bank account #s; everything.
'support center' live chat appears on the list of support center options, yet has never actually been in service.
I applied for a auto loan refinance at a very attractive 2.98%.
Well, my review my differ from the others, but my experience at this bank of america has always been excellent.
Then, the bank manager wishes me a good day as i'm walking out the front door.
I was in and out the bank in less than 5 minutes.
This bank is the worst.
There is no care for customer service at this place.
Wells fargo bank is way more accommodating.
If customer service is important, or if time is of the essence, abandon all hope, he who enters here.
He proceeded to tell me how long of a loan term i need "oh you don't need that long."
We are looking for a loan to pay off my medical bills, redo our flooring, and some other things.
I work for another financial institution, and know how the sales goal thing works at most banks.
I'm just amazed that someone would be this slow to respond when closing a 15 thousand dollar loan.
When i did go inside the service was average compared to other locations i have been to.
Nothing spectacular, just the typical service you receive at other locations: professional.
Still waiting to open new account.
Don't ever do business with maximum title loans !!!!!
The lack of 'service' at this bank is appalling.
If i am coming inside the bank it is because i want/need service from a human.
Poor customer service, poor employees, and terrible bank in general.
We'll be switching banks now because you guys don't know how to take care of your customers!
If you bank here on a daily bases, they'll recognize you.
No more business teller, makes it difficult for business owners to do banking.
Bankers are rude & never follow up on any disputes.
Us bank is awesome!
Since i've made the switch to us bank i've been much happier.
I highly recommend us bank, especially the one on e sunset rd or the one by windmill & eastern.
Trying to open an account and can't because of seconds.
A bank for those of us who work banker's hours.
Take it over to td to open a new account.
Not pushy about what to do with your money.
The folks here know what to do to get your money where you want it.
I absolutely hate dealing with this bank, especially this branch, but my auto loan is through them.
Unless you're stuck with them for an auto loan go to wells fargo, they have exponentially better customer service.
The desert schools online banking is primitive and the customer support over the phone is a joke.
They will make you wait 45+ minutes to do something simple like provide insurance for your auto loan.
Very scrupulous and unfair loan dept.
I went it to simple have the tell cash a check and then deposit the cash into my account.
When nothing showed that and nothing was being displayed via the banks phone app.
And put my money in there.
I highly recommend you to bank with someone else.
It reading there rules and regulations... the customer service line is just as bad for customer service as well.
We closed out account!
Be very careful if you use them for a loan.
Wfds needs to take some notes--you can make money & care about people at the same time!!!
If you are looking for help with a home loan do not hesitate to call the a-team.
Pulling money asap so it's not tens of thousands missing next.
Very bad customer service.
At least if you are a good customer, they are going to be a good bank!
Shame on you, bank of america!
Financial service representative kyle miller was very helpful.
He is knowledgeable about the various products, and provided all the information i needed to open an account.
We went in to talk about a home loan.
This is the bank inside the smith's store.
There is a full service bank branch in the same parking lot (why?
Who knows...), and we prefer to go to the store branch due to their customer service and general personalities.
Banking the errand that we all dislike.
Usually, the lovely computer does all of the banking with the proper stroke on the keyboard.
While here noticed that the bank is dead; and thirty minutes before closing.
The associate helping me asked all the proper questions about what the issue was with the account.
Worst type of customer service i've ever had!!!!
I needed to make a payment on 2 loans from another credit union out of state.
The tip over drew my account by 3.80 which i cant explain.
It all about the money.
Insurance yes....  banking no.
They charged my account off on my credit in case you didn't understand.
I just went to this bank to open a checking account/saving account and boy was i welcomed properly.
I can see why my grandfather has banked with this local state charter bank for years.
Also a military friendly bank!
Thank you nevada state bank!
I had accounts with ssscu for at least 15 years and finally gave up on them 3 years ago.
I switched to wells fargo bank and never looked back - no fees, branches on every corner.
I thought belonging to a credit union (non-profit) meant lower fees, lower loan rates and higher account yields.
No big deal when you get exceptional customer service that is sometimes tough to find.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Lack of customer service.
Couldnt take a note down for my bank or offer me any sort of assitance.
I will never go into this bank again!
This is my own money i put forth to open the account as a secured card holder.
I've been a life-long customer of td bank which then became td canada trust with a merge decades ago.
I prefer online banking.
Sometimes i have must use one of four green machine self-serve banking atms at the scarborough town centre branch.
Bank hours are quite broad so that's a plus!
Been a customer for years, hope services stay all great.
These guys have become my go-to moneychangers for foreign exchange purchases.
And the best part:  far, far better rates than my banks offer me, buying and selling back both.
Join another credit union... the member service here sucks..
This is the big royal bank location at the north-east corner of yonge and bloor.
I'm an rbc client and it's close to my work, so i now do most of my banking here.
The customer service is always a pleasurable experience and the tellers always know what they are doing.
The worst bank i ever been.
I needed to talk to the banker.
I have been in many, many banks in my life, and most of them have been decent at best.
That is, until i walked intomidfirst bank, though.
Everyone in line is depositing in someone else's account.
I was very disappointed with my business bankers service.
For the most part, the desk service here is what you would expect from your average bank.
I have had some fantastic experience with the bankers in particular.
I've always been a fan of us bank and this branch lives up to what i have come to expect.
For a bank that makes so much cash you would think they would let customers park in the nearby garage.
That's 20 of them [for the math challenged], and it's a very small cash request for this nationwide bank.
Nice customer service and planning, mr. friedman.
That's terrible planning and bad customer service.
I was over at chase bank the other day along with my mom to open a new checking account.
They certainly have many safety features (22) you can choose from to bank online via your cell phone.
I recommend chase bank to everyone.
Simply one of the worst for customer service imaginable.
They do not properly train their employees to provide customers with accurate information and their customer service sucks!
I wouldn't ever bank with this institution.
Some of the nicest people at a bank i have ever met.
Keep  up the great work and the great customer service.
I appreciate the good customer service.
When it comes to banking, i am all over the place.
What i want from a bank is straight forward answers.
Ultimately, even though they are not my primary bank, i would not hesitate to consolidate my funds over to chase.
Why did you guys lie to me that you couldn't make me a temporary card bank card?
This chase sucks and has bad customer service.
I came into this bank to speak with a personal banker.
I waited thirty minutes because there was only one personal banker .
I wanted to print my bank statements and close my account.
The customer service is so poor here!
Furthermore, i've never had to pay for bank statements in my life.
I feel like this location is suspect and i'm just done with this bank altogether.
Well, i guess no more wells fargo account!
I swear this bank could care less about its members!
This credit union charges for a checking and save account combo.
To set up an account is a long press.
There app is a mess too, more focus on advertising loans then helping people plan their finances.
Even though i "have" an account though them, i will not be finish the step up processes.
And plan on looking for another credit union or community banks.
Opened an account with pat today, great customer service and took the time to answer all of our questions!
I ended up opening a visa card after i was denied a small loan with them.
They did make me open up a checking and savings account and put a small amount in.
From the first payment i sent $500 every month via my bill payer account.
I contacted customer service and they were less than friendly.
Woke me up and 8:00 am and she was very rude telling me my account was overdue.
I allowed the draft but told them i was going back to my banks bill payer service.
Usaa has been my one stop shop for banking, insurance, car buying service, life insurance, and financial advice.
He will remain legendary through his high quality of service provided.
I have been banking here for 10 years, now the only reason i stay is because of the location.
I can hear them airing the entire vehicle next to me's bank business.
I've never had an issue with any other bank branch.
I'll gladly drive further from my house for shorter lines and better customer service.
I recently had one of the best banking experiences i've ever had at this branch.
I'm really happy with the customer service here, will definitely be back.
Bottom line: they really don't like it when you pay off these loans off quickly.
Been here since 12 with 2 people ahead of me and we're all still waiting for service.
I kinda regret applying and dealing with this bank.
Patricia then had a customer specialist come online and merge my account.
I have banked with chase, wells fargo, truwest, boa and desert schools.
This institution is making money off me hand over fist and the receptionist tells me to go to ups.
I won't say where i want bank of america to go.
This bank as a whole sucks!
As much as i don't like wells fargo, i would rather bank with them than bofa.
My advice is don't bank with bofa.
Going to transfer my money and services to a different bank!
Horrible service, there is always a line of customers and like two teller working.
Now, it's all about the money.
Yes it is if you are trying to save money!!!!!!!
Bye- going elsewhere with my money....
I came in here to get a 300 bonus for opening up a checking account.
Art and margaret went above and beyond all expectations while helping me set up an account with one nevada.
An hour wait to talk to a banker to do a simple wire transfer.
Horrible service and badly staffed.
Went in to open new account to get $200 promotional incentive offer.
Told them offer only specified could not be current checking account holder.
Then said i didn't qualify bc used to have a checking account that i closed.
They declined to open an account for me.
Left and logged on and opened new account in five minutes, got e-mail confirming eligibility for $200 promotion.
They pass you around from one customer service person to the next.
The customer service is terrible, they go around in circles with your concerns.
I have been a state farm customer for 16 years and never had worse representation or customer service.
They refuse to allow you to withdraw your own money.
The teller even went as far   as asking my husband what he wanted the money for.
!we are being questioned what we need to withdrawal our own money for?
Never have i heard of a bank that controls your money this way.
I've consistently found the tellers at this location provide better service than those in standalone branch buildings.
I recently purchased a home and used one nevada credit union for mortgage lending and insurance services.
I got quotes from several of the big banks and no one could match their rate or their closing costs.
I could not be happier with the service i received.
I highly recommend one nevada credit union for your banking, lending and insurance needs.
I have had accounts with them since 2001 and have never had a single negative experience.
I love this bank!
Im happy i bank with them.
Best bank i've banked with.
This on top of no drive through and no cash deposits from anyone other than the account holder.
Wow are y'all looking for ways to make banking suck more cause you're batting 1000 at that!
Poor customer service when trying to set up an account for my college aged son.
I was pleasantly surprised at the customer service offered at this location.
Moving closer to the front i could tell this line was to deposit or withdraw money.
Do not open an account with this credit union.
They are the exact same as a major bank and do not operate to assist members when needed.
You will be in for a turbulent time with this bank.
I was very pleased with this credit union the staff was extremely friend when we were opening up an account.
The guy who helped us open the account was new cause his trainer was there helping him.
This is a formal complaint lodged by a disabled veteran and non-curable cancer patient against fifth third bank.
Wired a large amout to sister account.
Wired additional to my account) accelerated death benefit for metastatic breast cancer.
Referred to fraud department and when sister attempted to clarify account status and funds.
Was accused of hiding money from social security when she informed the account was to 1.)
My primary account was then also frozen without so much as a conversation or phone call.
If that check bounces while account is frozen, it will cost me and my family $39,000 in life insurance.
I called this bank, and spoke with an actual human instead of a computer system telling me to select options.
I knew right then that was the bank for me.
I was so happy with the person to person contact and the customer service here.
I am so pleased with my choice to go with nevada state bank, and this branch in particular.
They have no customer service...
Went there to open a account and no one had greet us and we waited for 30 min and help.
Never have any personal bankers working.
Made an appointment to close my account and take business elsewhere.
They are an excellent bank that has never disappointed.
Excellent customer service, with the bank itself having a wonderfully inviting atmosphere, and free coffee never hurts!
Uwcu has got customer service completely figured out.
Excellent service to mary and her staff.
I love chase bank!
I have never had any fraudulent charges on my account due to their wonderful service.
Chase is a great bank that i would highly recommend!
After opening the accounts, i made a deposit of roughly $6,000 from my previous account at my local bank.
I further investigated and went online to my chase account and found that it was locked.
Thus, i worked with a banker, who was very friendly and opened two new accounts.
The service is super slow!
As the limited staff/tellers are not enough to service the more than usual traffic.
But the slow service and lack of warm bodies behind the counter is unforgivable!!
The big advantage of this bank is its location.
Has always had friendly service, attentive to your needs.
God at customer service.
Because of the good customer service.
Highly recommend his services.
I personally much prefer banking at 500 yonge.
Now i'm trying to pay the loan off and they have refused me 3 times already.
But i will never ever used this bank again.
Please avoid this bank.
Instead of the bank manager standing around at the front area to say hi when people walk in try working.
I had some problems with my account and he helped solve them.
My experience with oak bank has been less than ideal.
Carrie montgomery in the home lending department is a huge blemish on this otherwise friendly bank.
The bank made a mistake on a mortgage and didn't transfer a property correctly.
I will not be recommending this bank to anyone again.
Got it done at another citibank down the street in 30 minutes with no problems whatsoever.
Avoid this branch or just citibank altogether.
After they closed my branch on jones the overall service level is just horrendous.
Finally got it to work and put my money in and left to work.
Next day on my day off i sign up for mobile banking and i'm left with 30 dollars.
Customer service told me i was a liar and they needed to see my pay stubs to believe me.
Took them forever to get my money put into my account when they messed up.
Never banking at this location again.
I was really frustrated, i was trying to negotiate so i didn't have to file bankruptcy.
My rent, without any phone calls or letters reaching out to me before they were going to take my money.
Ultimately, i had to file for bankruptcy, but i would never ever bank with them again.
The national bank at 2 orchard heights drive in aurora was closed more than two years ago.
Customer service was horrible as well.
Thanks for nothing, now im off to us bank to open a all new business account.
Service has always been courteous and prompt.
They have great rates on loans and other financial tools that are also available on their website.
Money-hungry thieving lying stealing bastards.
We have had our mortgage and checking account with one nv for 10 years.
Love the customer service!
They treat you like family instead of just another customer or another number like most other banks.
Margaret and kyle are the very best banking professionals i have ever had the pleasure of doing business with.
They also have credit building tools such as 1k credit rebuilding loans.
As i said one nevada is the best and margaret and kyle are the best banking professionals.
Go see them and you'll see the difference between banking organizations that care and those that don't.
Customer service is awful.
Each time i've sat and waited for a banker, i waited for about 30 minutes until i left .
Have yet to see a banker
My oldest son just went in to open a student account.
Girl pushes a regular account but doesn't tell him fee is waived if under 23 and a student.
Tells him fee is 12 dollars without direct deposit or $1500 continuous in account.
I ask if she was going to help him open a student account?
Needless to say i got loud and he doesn't have a b of a account.
I am very close to pulling all my money also and moving somewhere else...
Bank of america in general seems to have this issue.
I have been banking with this credit union for over 30 years.
I also bank with chase, boa, and wells fargo.
Out of all of the banks, vantage west is by far superior.
I recently had a request to obtain statements for my accounts from 2011.
They approved my loan.
The loan woman had no interest in giving a loam.
Dealing with your money can be overwhelming and stressful.
Long review warning: one of the worse experiences with a "bank" i've ever had.
They denied me immediately, but only after they got me to open an account with them.
How could i owe money since i rarely used this card?"
The bank associate said "yes, what was your question?"
Paying attention when working with someone's money is extremely important.
Service and treatment needs to improve everywhere and we as customers should expect good service.
They don't switch the checking account to the cheaper checking account automatically after the trial period (lie/mistake).
One that incurs a $10 fee each time even though i have money in my accounts.
Some bs about manually transferring money between accounts which was never disclosed to me, ever.
I switched from chase to a "less evil" credit union but the mega bank ended up costing me less.
Taking my money out.
He not only gave us information on the bank itself but advised us on all the services they provide.
What struck me the most was that this is how banks used to be.
Open and friendly yet business like and not at all like the "big" banks out there.
This is the bank you might want to consider if you're tired of the mega banks.
From one account to another and she refused.
Wells fargo dealer services were complicit in fraud from the dealer they contract financing with.
No one at wells fargo dealer services is interested in making this right, just covering it up.
So a tale of two car loans, one through our credit union and one through wells fargo dealer nightmare services.
We caught up and even paid off the mortgage and the car loan at the credit union.
Tomorrow we go to the credit union and move the loan there.
Why you ask did you get this loan through wells fargo?
Margaret mims gave us great service.
Us bank and chase have treated me very well and i will stick with them.
There is always a line, and you always have to wait to speak to a business banker.
Customer service depends on when you go and what location.
My cars,car insurance,homeowners insurance,personal loan, and credit cards.
Their customer service is by far the best!
All i do is open the app and i can see all my accounts and pay bills.
Absolutely love this company and it's high standard of customer service!
This credit union provides slow service, defects in service requiring multiple visits/contacts to resolve errors, and  lack of product knowledge.
Two weeks ago, i showed up at the branch to sign auto loan refinance documents.
All of the loan documents were not correct.
I was also suppose to have a savings account set up at time of close.
The branch banker also did not have copies of all documents i signed so i had to ask.
The branch banker tried to rush me through the closing.
I feel like doing business here is like going to a self service gas station.
There is no service if you don't do it all on your own!
The loan was not funded for five days after document signing.
I then withdrew all bu t the minimum required balance needed in my savings account.
Funny they want money for a service that has not even been provided.
Sadly i don't think i'll be conducting any business with chase luckily us bank is right next door.
If i could rate this bank zero stars i would.
However, the loan process and ease of it was great.
Opened an account here when received a 150$ offer to open an account in the mail.
I just so happened to be looking for a new bank so gave it a try.
After a little over 3 months i met all the requirements and received the 150$ in my account.
I also like their online banking and app very easy to use and great layout overall.
Sure they could use more locations but joining a smaller bank you know that going in.
And 150$ will go a long way to pay an occasional fee if i need to use another bank atm.
Again awesome online banking setup and bill pay.
I have been with nevada state bank for almost 10 years.
It's an excellent bank to bank with.
Nothing big where i needed to open up a new account somewhere else.
I like that there are a lot of these banks in town so it can be quite convenient.
Other than that, customer service has never been that bad.
All the 5 star reviews for mary are probably true, but those folks have never needed her service.
No cut interest service and they change the rules every time you turn around.
I have been a member for 15 years, and kept our accounts as we moved around.
Service at uwcu is always amazing.
I didn't always value this, but i've used some bad online banking.
Both times, i was rejected service and asked for an appointment a week away.
Get your act straight manager and banker
Oak bank far exceeded my expectations.
Do not go here if you are expecting a typical banking experience.
Even their mobile banking competes with large competitors, which can be a concern with smaller banks.
Do you want to trust your bank, even in this age of certainty?
Oak bank is personable and professional.
This place is worth checking out.
Chris austad was a true banking professional today!
He was able to help me through a situation where my accounts were compromised by fraudulent activity.
He gave me peace of mind and set me up with new accounts.
I will make this my new home bank of america!
One of the tellers is switching in between buisness services and regular banking transactions.
This bank gives me faith in banking.
Chase bank is one of those exceptional banking institutions.
But your account is the quarterback- that is their job.
Chase, i'll continue to bank with you because you guys are awesome, and i love awesome.
Unfortunately  i have to pay their $3.00 fee & my bank's fee for using their atm.
Jessie gave me a number of good suggestions but did not try to "sell" me summit credit union services.
Ultimately i did become a member of summit by opening a couple of accounts with them.
First of all, i can't find good customer service one the north east side of las vegas !!!!!
I love have chase and is my favorite bank i have worked with.
Should have looked at all the reviews about the slow service before i stopped.
Won't let me pay account off.
Kathleen is worst customer service agent.
Coming from bank of america most things were very similar.
They have a ton of good services they're just a step behind boa.
They have recently closed the location on bell road that i banked with from the beginning.
A teller that walked away mid account close to wait on a drive up customer ...
Best bank in town.
Highly recommend their services especially for business accounts.
After about 6 months with nevada state bank, we couldn't be happier.
Who knew a bank could be this good?
This bank is amazing!
Number two it is not at all connected to the usaa federal banking system.
You can not pay your credit card or access your federal account at all.
You can not cash checks unless you have an account with them.
Good features but not at all connected to the larger member services.
Pnc bank has one good thing going for it.
This is probably the only reason why i keep one of my accounts there.
They charge you ridiculous fees when you are cashing in on iras or their investment accounts.
He basically catered to my banking needs with great care, and i really appreciated that.
The bank brought in a young, inexperienced, unaccredited advisor to take over.
Worst bank with the worst customer service i've ever encountered.
Have been a customer for more than a decade and maintain a variety of accounts with nsb.
Enough that when some investments mature, i'm switching banks.
When i opened my account almost two years ago, i turned down the overdraft option.
The outrageous charge from cox cable was credited to my billing account.
Long story short, someone else's modem was charged to my account.
Quite simply the gold standard of banking and insurance in my book.
Don't go here unless you have opened your account with them.
I had an excellent experience at midfirst bank in fountain hills recently.
At the last minute i needed some documents notarized and i met with sherri c, assistant banking center manager.
I highly recommend this bank.
This bank was originally recommended to me by a friend 3 years ago who also couldn't say enough about them.
Sitting down with the banker he stated he was unsure if the purchaser had to be present or not.
Margaret opened my teenage daughters account for her and spent so much time with her.
I am so grateful to have these ladies be apart of our banking experience.
I had the most amazing experience at this bank.
Thank you chase bank!
I am all for moving forward with technology and banking however it's now becoming a bit crazy.
Honestly, worst customer service from these people.
He always makes our personal and business banking experience easy and stress free.
The customer service at this location is horrible.
I try to avoid this bank at all costs.
Other banks are all about customer service but angel is the star of his own show!
My experience with this branch had always been positive (other banks just can't provide).
I just moved into town and have never opened a bank account separate from my parents.
I had the most amazing service from jose!!!!
This actually makes me excited to go to the bank now to deposit checks.
I hope others don't have this type of service with kent baker broker for state farm.
Bank manager, when your atms are down, jump in and help your one teller!
Most unprofessional midfirst bank in arizona.
Do not go here is you want the professional friendly warm midfirst customer service you are used too.
I will be closing my account at then end of the month and banking elsewhere.
When i was younger, i had such a hard time with banks!
Its what you expect of a military bank.
The two personal banker and the male teller i encountered were slow and indifferent.
I went into the bank today to resolve some charges on my account.
Ask for someone to call and set up an appointment  to set up our accounts, no one called.
We just stopped in again, no one available to set up our accounts.
10+ cubicles for bankers to work but only 2 working.
Opened checking, savings and a credit card that had a cashback rebate.
And this month i see my savings interest rate went down.
First bank i ever ran into that does that.
So i'm going to stick with my current bank.
I've been banking with wells fargo for 17 years.
I was so frustrated by that, that i closed 2 of my 3 accounts out with the branch manager.
I told her i wanted to close my larger account out which was the final account i had there.
I will be closing my final account out next week.
Omg it's a bank!
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
From not being able to access my money or use the debits cards.
Don't waste your time with this bank.
Look into unify bank that have been great
I guess you get what you pay for, since its free, that's what you get very bad service.
Very unhappy with the service received by this company.
I have asked for an accounting of the payments made on the loan and they have not complied.
Capital one is a great card as long as you don't expect good customer service.
The service is polite and friendly.
The chase bank staff is great.
I've run low on money in the bank and withdrew money for my fidelity account.
I've banked with bb&t for 3 years, about two years at this branch.
Guess i'm looking for a new bank!
Im not sure why they only had 2 bankers working during a friday because that dosent make any sense.
Yelp and website shows bank is opened until 4pm on saturdays.
Arrived at 2:15pm and bank is closed!!
I will never do business with them again after this car loan is paid off.
We recently moved to the scottsdale area and the bankers at this branch have been incredibly helpful since day one.
They've given us information to help us simplify our businesses and helped us with merchant services.
Deposits, wires, opening new accounts etc.
Great card good phone service never have a problem.
The bank manager here is outstanding too.
The worst bank ever!
Remove your money from bank of america....worst bank out there.
Taking my money and running from them
I'm thinking i'll cut up my us bank credit card!
I'm endanger of losing my earnest money deposit because of their inefficiencies and lies.
This location is the credit card underwriting office for usaa, not a branch of the main federal savings bank.
If i could give this bank and over all rating - it would be zero!!!!!
They are very sneaky and will do anything for more money.
Do not get an account with wella fargo!!!!!!!!!!
It's sad that our hometown credit union has taken a play from the big banks.
Located nearby to the headquarters, this uw credit union is a decent credit union for all your banking needs.
If i was able to put no stars i would...usaa has horrible customer service.
But of all the branches i've been to, this one does have really good customer service.
The banker i spoke to was patient and courteous when i asked my 101 questions.
If you need a bank and relationship manager/bankers, go to this location.
Some things could improve with regards to loans and underwriting but i'm loyal, overall.
I opened a checking account with usaa and was offered free checks.
Chase is a terrible bank in general but this branch is particularly slow.
I wish i'd read the reviews before i opened an account here.
Same shady fees, different bank.
I have been going to this bank for about a year now.
Of all the chase bank locations i've been to (which includes several states), this location is by far my favorite.
I love my bank.
Banking with them is so simple for me.
My go to bank, 15 min walk.
In accordance with their bank guidelines i can deposit checks like i normally do and expects no holds.
Very slow，so many people for waiting but banker only talk each other without help anyone，waste our times！very bad place！
I was tired of paying such a high interest on my car loan i decided to refinance.
This review is for the us bank not inside the smith's (but shares a parking lot).
Anyway, i've been coming here for well over 4 years now as my main us bank branch.
The customer service here is always excellent.
I am doing more work for this stupid loan then my loan with navy federal.
My first and last loan with wellsfargo.
I am seriously thinking of finding another bank to refinance  with.
Every time i called bay equity though someone was there to answer the phone and had great customer service.
On top of that, we had no fear whatsoever that our loan would close on time.
One nevada and monica martin helped me with a signature loan.
This bank needs to staff more bankers!
One banker at all times?!
The tellers are friendly but seriously... please hire more bankers!!!!!
I handle all of my branch banking needs there and we even rent one of their safe deposit boxes.
The manager at the eastern office, i believe her name is vivian, needs to get training in customer service, asafp.
I have been banking with onenevada for over 34 years.
Financial service rep margaret mims is amazing.
I give them one star for service here.
Trying to get through to any of the loan officers is impossible!!
I made a comment on their facebook page and a manager had another loan officer call me.
I'm speaking from a lot of experience and keep thinking the service can't be this bad consistently but it is!
Go to the branch right up the street and you'll get completely different service
The tellers have absolutely no sense of urgency and the customer service is wholly unimpressive.
Our loan went smoothly thanks to ken sarna and his team at jfk.
Mind you, there were 4 bankers sitting at their desks, entertaining each other with idle chit-chat.
I even wrote the name of which account to deposit in, you can name your accounts.
That wasnt good enough, i need the last 4 numbers of the account.
I've been with us bank for 15 years!
I have plenty of options for banks.
I have banked with usaa for over seven years.
They are hands down better than any local bank.
We apply for all of our loans on our phone and have an approval fairly quickly.
We don't have their insurance, so i cannot vouch for that, but all other services are great.
I believe this location is just a satellite office that offers very little service.
Absolutely the friendliest staff and great service i love aloha pacific great cd special!
Aubrey has the best customer service!
She is a teller at the bank and always takes care of all my account needs!
Joe is the loan officer!
Amazing service every time!
Absolutely wonderful customer service!
It it's easier just to use the few atms on the outside the bank.
The banker was super sympathetic and helped me get a card right then and there.
This is why i'm closing my account and going to a local credit union.
I have always had friendly service.
I really enjoy banking here.
Awful awful awful customer service.
Their phone representatives lack any degree of professional customer service skills.
I'm opening a new account.
More so than my other bank who shall remain nameless.
Annnnd...i was given treats while i waited...and it wasn't those nasty suckers that other banks give out.
Review for merchant services....
This bank has the longest lines of any bank of america i have ever gone to in town.
The drive thru atms are usually being serviced.
I arrived at about 3:05, almost a full hour before the bank was to close.
I said i wanted to open an account.
The whole loan process could not have gone any smoother.
Why do i bank with boa?
I don't have the power to change the bank that my company uses.
Not surprised that others commented on poor customer service at this location.
They should not be working in customer service.
Went to open a checking and savings account today.
"how can i help you" "i need to make a mortgage loan payment."
"ok..''  long pause as i set the money on the counter.
'do you have the account number'  no.
So i snapped back.. "the money."
She tells me that without my name on the account and without an account number she cannot accept the money.
Absolutely the worst - do not bank with these people.
And whatever you do don't use the atm at the bank.
Half way through the transaction the atm displays "temporarily out of service" and it has not returned my card.
When i alert the bank teller she says, "oh was it a us bank card?"
Btw - at home contacted my bank and the card services and they confirm nothing was wrong with the card.
Just horrific experience with us bank - stay away from these idiots!
If you bank here on a daily bases, they'll recognize you.
No more business teller, makes it difficult for business owners to do banking.
Bankers are rude & never follow up on any disputes.
Our loan "agent" was kc mccool, but not cool at all.
:)  dear debra,    please call maximum title loans, llc regarding your past due payment.
Worst customer service ever.
From the get-go the customer service was excellent.
We were greeted as soon as we walked in the bank, offered water and made quite comfortable.
Three separate bankers approached us to ensure we were being taken care of.
We opened an account and found the process to be quite easy, and for banking, surprisingly painless.
This experience was excellent, and mirrors all the previous experiences i had when they were servicing a different account.
I am very glad we made the decision to move our money to wells fargo.
I've been banking with this bank for over 20 years.
I went through all the changes from when it was home savings and so forth.
Be very, very wary of a banker that tells you that.
I work in a bank and would never tell a customer that.
Love this bank and all the people whom work here!
You do not find customer service like that in 2018.
If all bmo harris bank employees and policies were as customer centric, i would likely still be a customer.
They are the worst loan service i've ever had.
Their customer service is horrible and they have no clue what is going on.
After repeating my various grievances i just asked her to close my account.
All in all, their customer service is non existent.
My realtor recommended oak bank for my mortgage, and i'm so glad he did.
My email account cut out on me the day of the close.
I will definitely use oak bank again.
My wife and i just recently switched our banking services to us bank.
The process of opening our new account was quick and easy.
I came to nevada state bank after the customer service at my former back went south.
I have had nothing but great experiences with this bank.
Their loan department is great and very easy to work with.
I have had no issues with my accounts with this bank.
This us bank location is inside the smith's grocery.
We had lukewarm service at the stand-alone branch and prefer to go into the store branch.
We have never had any issues with customer service or accounts.
I then had to go to the bank to sign some paperwork, which she did not delay on at all.
Just started using this convenient bank as it has an external atm.
Good service  i've been a member of the credit union for a very long time.
I have a checking, savings, and ira account so i go to the credit union fairly often.
Overall, i would recommend this credit union, over big banks.
I don't normally write reviews, but recently i was at oncu and was really impressed with the customer service.
I was looking for auto loan information and he jumped to help me and answered all my questions.
The interest rates were good, but the customer service was stellar.
I went to this location bank when they just opened this morning.
I had cash/check from my husband(he has an account at this bank, but i dont).
This bank is ridiculously bad service!
No wonder my husband is not happy with this bank.
Niw i see my own eyes how their service!
I would ever have an account from them!
I wish i can give this bank only o stars !
West bank, your service is sucks!
I dont recommended to put money at thus bank!
Go to other bank!
Went in yesterday for an appointment with tony g. we opened an account for my son.
We went to this branch to pay off a car loan with funds from my buyer.
Worst customer service ever.
This is my bank.
They have good customer service, and they also have a notary.
As long as i bank at chase, i will continue to bank here.
They patiently explained to me everything that went on with my auto loan and gave me everything that i needed.
I would recommend kylee for anyone who needs an auto loan.
As i am fairly new to the city of pittsburgh coming from ny i needed a local bank account.
I decided on pnc as they have both personal and business accounts and there are no fees.
I said i was interested in opening an account and they said it would just be a few minutes.
I am glad i choose this bank.
I've never experienced the drive through banking at this location but i never really see people waiting.
I have always loved this bank... until now.
I tried to cash a check today for a lot of money.
He goes, "didn't the teller at the bank tell you that?!?"
I knew i should have gone to the us bank by my place.
Worst bank on earth.
I will never use this piece of shit bank again.
I suggest everyone stay clear of any chase bank.
This is for the bank in the parking lot --not the smith's.
Worst costumer service ever from all wf banks.
Even though i have moved from mcfarland i continue to use their services.
This bank is a joke.
Easy solution to an ever so common problem at bank
The price is great and the service we recieve is fantastic.
Fyi: you are not allowed to deposit cash into another person's account.
I was not able to deposit $250 cash into my mom's checking account.
Excellent service provided by marlene.
Margaret gave the best service i have received in a credit union for as long as i can remember.
The bank itself is a five star for great service, but the parking...ugh...
Just trying to get title to a trailer i paid cash for by paying off a loan of the seller's.
Went in to open an account, and it was so fast and easy, i actually had a blast.
A nice change of pace compared to some other banks.
After a year of banking at this location i found the tellers to be very accommodating and courteous.
Always the worst customer service.
I can't wait to change banks!!!
Two us bank employees working but only one of them is helping customers.
We use them for business banking and they have been wonderful to work with.
Horrible attitudes, zero customer service, and a general lack of caring about anything.
Expect bad customer service at this branch.
The manager at the eastern office, i believe her name is vivian, needs to get training in customer service, asafp.
Banked with arizona federal for more than 20 years.
Their after hour customer service is atrocious.
I never wanted to go to a commercial bank, ever, but azfcu's latest actions haven't left me much choice.
It used to be very convenient and their customer service was unparalleled.
I don't know if management turned over, but it's a very different bank that i want out of.
I've only ever been a fcu member; this bank has become unbearable.
Kyle miller my car loan officer was a great help in getting my financing completed.
They welcomed me with open arms and the customer service is great!
The service here is slow.
This institution is making money off me hand over fist and the receptionist tells me to go to ups.
I won't say where i want bank of america to go.
Highly recommend banking with 1 nevada!
A bank opening at 10am ???
Major inconvenience ... poor hours , take your money elsewhere ...
I definitely recommend, if your looking for a local bank, that makes you feel at home.
This is our second loan closed with bay equity and we will use them again in the future.
This bank needs lots of help.
(new business for them) only 1 person handles that and she needs a lesson on customer service.
Their customer service stinks.
They don't even understand the concept of customer service.
It just seems that all chase is interested in is getting you to open accounts with them.
Clayton is the best business banker!
Yes, capital one's customer service representative followed by their supervisor  declined my request.
I will be transferring my account balance from capital one to a creditor that appreciates my business.
This banker kenneth is gold!
Most branches are doing away with drive thru so either you go in and wait forever or find another bank.
They could care less, glad i don't use this bank.
Great bank to do business with normally.
However, once you get your account hacked, good luck getting your online access back.
After going through a million prompts i was put on hold to talk to a customer service agent.
Another reviewer said the bank gave them a hard time when they tried to withdraw a large sum of money.
They acted like nobody had ever wanted to withdraw that sum of money before.
I have bought and sold several homes and i would never use any one else for a purchase loan again.
What's the point of having a business account, i already cancelled my merchant account with them from being dissatisfied.
I decided to give wells fargo a chance and continue to keep my business account with them.
I do banking and insurance through usaa and i love their customer service.
The bank has not gotten back to me and it's almost 24 hours now.
Customer service is really poor
If your tired of being treated as an account number at your bank, you'll love arizona federal credit union.
Sometimes only one teller while the other one is counting money and 13 people in line.
In february of 2016 i closed all of my accounts at wells fargo, business, personal and merchant.
Stay away from wells fargo bank.
I would like to say that i would give wells fargo bank a minus 10 stars if it was allowed.
Waited 45 minutes for a personal banker during my lunch break only to be told to come back at 2:30.
Either hire more personal bankers or make it clearly appointments only.
Staff was friendly, service extremely poor.
This was one of the best experiences we had with a loan officer.
They let you wait in line only to tell you go see a banker who then puts several people ahead.
Reconsidering who i bank with.
They do have great customer service, they take care my money well, and i enjoy doing business with them.
I have been banking with one nevada credit union for 7 years.
Kyle at the summerlin branch is by far one of the most customer service oriented workers i have met.
I have my auto loan with them and i have 3 other accounts with them.
The customer service at this location is top notch.
Teller gave me wrong amount of money.
So over chase bank!!
I opened an account and i was told that my first 3 months are free!
Went to check on my account history in person and found out that i have a total of $15 fess!
So i asked them to credit my money back and the manger (nicole) said no.
So i closed my account.
Bankers and managers are very knowledgeable.
Excessive wait times and terrible customer service.
My wife in particular does not have an account here but i do.
The "manager" in a very condacending way said it was their policy and maybe she should open an account instead.
Bad attitude, no real customer service and i finally left.
Do not bank here.
The bankers are friendly people, but horrible bankers.
There's no communication between banks and the bankers don't know what they're doing.
Do not bank here.
Money saved, lessons learned, and amazing results with my policies.
State farm saved me so much money in comparison.
Most times customer service at this location has been good.
Sadly, i must say i am disappointed with my main bank.
Could not ask for better & easier loan!
Thank you once again for the awesome customer service, that is rare.
By far the worst experience i have had at bank of america.
I'm going to talk to my company about switching banks .
Well another good experience at the first bank i ever enjoyed going to.
I recently refinanced my auto loan with one nevada credit union.
I would like to commend margaret mims for her outstanding customer service.
Worst bank i have ever had to deal with.
This bank is such a joke.
So many banks out there, save yourself the aggravation and do not let these crooks touch your money.
These tellers have zero consideration for your time and i will be closing my accounts with them today.
I have been with another bank since beginning college 9.5 years ago.
2) 3 bank accounts linked together-- spend (checking), reserve (savings) & growth (long term savings) .
No need to open 3 separate accounts  3) checking and savings have unlimited transfer.. something my current bank doesn't offer.
6 transfers then they charge you $10 to transfer your own money.. ugh.
It's seriously the best banking i have ever had!
Customer service at this branch is top-notch.
Ricardo brown is the branch manager and he's an excellent banker.
Wouldn't want to sit down with anybody else for my banking needs.
Full disclosure:   this is not my personal bank, but i go often with family members who bank there.
The bank is clean, parking is plentiful and the lines move very quickly.
I love this bank.
They are very efficient and know the banking products.
By far the worst experience i have had at bank of america.
I'm going to talk to my company about switching banks.
Darlene was so understanding and patient with us and went above and beyond normal customer service.
For a hands on banking experience, i recommend this branch.
I came in because someone suggested i try them for banking.
I'm so glad i decided to bank with them.
If you care about your privacy or getting the service a bank should provide then donot bank here!
Nextier bank is by far one of the best banks around.
I have even started the process in moving my personal accounts to nextier.
They have always been great service and i love the app as well!
Wouldn't change banks i have had bad experiences with other banks!
The worst customer service i had in a long time...
I dont think it reflects well when a big bank provides this type of service and product.
Wheres the customer service there?
I opened a savings account with dsfcu years ago and have to say, i really like this bank.
I eventually opened a credit card account with 0% financing to pay off some debt.
When alliant, another credit union that took on my car loan, completely failed me, i simply switched to dsfcu.
However, based on my experiences, i recommend this bank and branch.
I wasn't happy, but i actually receive all of the money back at the end of the year in dividends.
They meet my needs, so i won't be closing any of my accounts.
I can't say that i would recommend them, but only because my banking needs with them are fairly simple.
Do not bank here.
Terrible mobile app and long lines for service.
Such terrible counter service...every time.
I have banked with vwcu for 13 years...i started back when they were dm credit union in tucson.
Can't the tucson staff influence the people up here to have better customer service skills?
At least they have online banking...which is the only reason they even get two stars!
Thank you, you awesome bank of america atm.
Although you don't talk much, you provide extremely fast and efficient service.
Clients like me appreciate good customer service.
Opened a checking and savings at this location the other day.
Mogo provides a good service for someone who does not want to have a credit card balance.
I can overlook the overall riff raff that loiter around the bank.
Today i arrived at the bank at 9:20.
I left the bank at 9:34 at that time an employee followed me out with a broom and dust pan.
Avoid calling "customer service"  at all costs unless you enjoy being insulted and wasting your time.
He is able to get loans closed within 30 days or less.
Always over staffed on the "welcome to bank of america" floor, understaffed on tellers.
Wake up to the 21st century bank of america.
Don't bother bringing your money here.
First the employees couldn't care less about customer service rude and short.
I am not a big-bank fan.
If you want a good bank where you will actually enjoy the experience, this is where you want to be!
They know the insurance world but not home loans.
They are pushing for speed to close a loan and making huge mistakes in the process.
They don't care about the person or taking time to make the loan work.
Go to bank that is puplically traded and held responsible for there actions and will offer a better rate.
I'm sad to say usaa cares about money not about bringing  there members home.
Always on top of the ball with their customer service except one.
I guess its my fault for not double checking but i assumed a bank would know how to count money
They are very pleasant and quick and dont solicit a ton of services like retail banks.
I was where's from out of town ..lines were pretty busy but customer service is great.
I opened up an account here for my wife today.
The banker had a great sense of humor and it was simple and straightforward.
I have banked at a few places as i have lived in several areas of the country.
A bank needs to have set, logical protocols that are followed.
They closed an account after they accepted a direct deposit so that my checks would bounce.
I've been a member of this bank for about 5 years.
If you just need to do a fast transaction, the line moves very quickly and costumer service is a excellent.
Someone told me chase bank was the devil i should've listen i've only been a customer for 16 days
The yearly dividends, great customer service, the best rates.
I've had mortgages with them, checking, savings and cc.
I deposit all my checks on my phone directly to my usaa account.
My paycheck is directly deposited to my usaa checking account.
When the process started out my assigned loan officer was very friendly and called me regularly.
I selected the amount the lender recommended for the loan, and told the to start working it up.
The loan was not completely settled and closed until 36 days after the process began.
Also had to deal with demand letters and calls from my bank demanding payment.
I've been with us bank for over 20 years.
This particular bank is the worst!!!
I was doing errands and don't usually bank at this branch.
I asked specifically that the funds needed was to be deducted from my checking account.
I get home and noticed drastic amounts changed from my checking!
(with all the problems with equifax, peoples accounts getting hacked) so immediately went on line to double check.
Well, little ms flirty took the money out of my savings account!!!
Warning: do not bank with this branch!!!!
I tried to get a home loan here and they never got back to me.
Anchor bank down the road was happy to help.
Disappointed that my home town bank didn't take me seriously.
Service - the teller was great.
He was helpful, easy going, professional and gave me some advice about accounts for my teens that was actually helpful.
If you go to the atm inside the bank, you generally get 20's only.
Overall, i liked the service and the friendliness.
I am going to refi my loan and get as far away as possible from this place.
The armed forces bank on rickenbacker rd.
However i don't really understand how to bank here.
Great bank, super friendly staff and, well, there's always candy lol.
Several time they have helped me when there was fraud activity on my account.
I really appreciate the service at this branch.
I call customer service and reset the pin somehow.
Their choice to continue to harass my daughter forced us to close our accounts and cancel cards.
I've been to this huntington bank location, oh, about 4 times since moving to the area in february.
Not your typical plain old ho-hum-looking bank building.
They are very helpful when ever i have questions or concerns about my account.
Use to enjoy this bank but their recent manager is a pain to deal with i can't remember her name.
Brianna has the best customer service that i've had in a while.
This location is by far the worst bank of america to deal with in scottsdale.
I even pulled my money out of bank of america because of this location i now deal with chase.
For example sometimes i can deposit cash into my landlord's account and other times i cannot.
I will never bank with this bank again because of this location they need some serious customer service training.
I came to open bank account & guess how long is my wait?
More than 1 hour before im direct to 'manager' for account opening..why only manager can do this?
If you have a choice pls don't ever consider to open account with them!
I love bank of america.
But this one here specifically, is the worst bank i've been to out of any bank i've gone too.
I'm standing in bank of america with a line of at least ten people.
Great service, always knowledgeable and courteous.
So i went to this bank to withdraw money and this seating  window branch manager helped me out .
Lazy customer service !!!
For a town where bank of america calls it's home - there sure isn't much love to the customers.
Customer service is gone
I've baked with boa, chase, and american savings in the past.
Usaa blew all of them away, as far as service.
I have confidence leaving my money in their bank.
My time with her was smooth and she covered all details, notably my favorite banker interaction.
I have a couple of accounts with this bank.
The lines for the tellers don't seem too bad but most transactions involving bankers still seem to take forever.
Except of course the bit where they collect money from you, that part they are really good at.
I've been with this office for years and i'm always satisfied with their service.
This is probably the worst branch of the worst bank on the planet.
Do you not have an account with bank of america, they will not give you change.
This bank is located inside of smiths grocery store.
I don't have generally good stories about banks...but then again, who does?
With mega-banks you are less of a customer and more of a number.
She even walked me to the atm to show me how my account and card would work.
This bank is the worst in terms of bureaucracy.
They processed the check and the funds came our of my account on the 4th.
They still wont give her the money, and its the 10th.
This is insane, snce they already took the money out of my account.
Unless you relish bureaucracy and complete lack of customer service, dont have anything to do with chase banks.
Worst customer service ever!
So much for wanting to open a new account with you guys!
They work with you on life insurance, auto loans, home loans, all things financial.
I went into this location because it was close to home and needed to open an account.
This is probably one of the friendliest banks i've been in.
I had to conduct some business at chase bank.
The offer a high level of customer service.
Their rates (loans and deposits) are competitive.
Again, their customer service is top notch.
I've gotten so frustrated, i finally went inside and closed the account i was trying to deposit in.
I have never received better customer service from a bank than what i have received from monona state bank.
I feel like i am a valued member at my local bank.
It's the way all banks should be.
It's the kind of banking that makes a customer say wow.
The company i work for banks with wells fargo so i'm in this branch several times a week.
My main complaint with wells fargo in general is they are much to aggressive in their customer service/ sales tactic.
I want to get my banking done and be on my way.
Not a real bank, more of a joke.
Upon entering the bank we were immediately greeted and seated with bottle water.
They have been taking money from hard working people for the past couple of months.
Their new policy on overdraft fees is just a clever way to steal money from your account.
This bank and this particular location specifically is a total pain in the butt to deal with :(.
I am forced to bank here once a month because my car loan gave me no other choice.
Worst bank ever, always lines out the door.
Takes over an hour every time i go to any bank of america.
I've been a customer for years but recently closed my account due to the treatment received at this location.
Just started banking with one nevada.
The customer service is amazing.
The teller that opened my account is named shelly.
In additon, their customer service is the worst!
They seem to want to reference your ssn to do almost anything related to your account.
If you don't mind poor customer service and unnecessarily complicated shared branching transactions, then they a cu worth considering.
This bank and company are the worst.
I was in chex systems and was desperate enough to come to this hot mess of a bank.
Couldn't ask for better service.
Especially in today's society, where good service seems to be on the decline.
So happy we bank with them!
This is probably one of the best wells fargo banks in arizona!
I would recommend banking with these guys!
I can't really tell between an average bank and an extremely good bank.
But i can tell between an average bank and a really crappy one.
This was one of the worse banking experiences i have ever had .
From my experience with him isaac he could use more customer service training.
They do everything the bank is supposed to do.
Bank of america has been giving me problems with my account...
Tried this bank out with a basic checking and savings account.
Was going to bring my business and brokerage account to this branch having moved here from california.
Wish i had read the reviews before opening an account at this bank.
It amazes me that people who work with the public have zero customer service skills.
I havn't seen so many tellers standing around chatting all the time as i have seen at this bank.
I waited another time for a banker for almost 20 minutes sitting in the bankers area.and no one helped me.
I was told there were no bankers there, and got a lady name miss soda.
She said to come in on monday to sign my check n ill have the money then.
N now she says she never said that that the money will be ready on tuesday.
Waiting since saturday to get my money.
Worst auto claims assistance and service imaginable.
My service advisor at the dealership said jose ramirez was rude and intimidating to him as well.
All systems are executed in a way that deflects responsibility away from individuals at usaa.,all you get is lip service.
No service, broken promises and appointments, sleepless nights and migraines.
I came in to resolve some of my issues of my bank account and i got the best service ever.
The banker who helped me the name was victor .
I'm a satisfied costumer and would recommend this bank to anyone!
This bank is great.
They are very friendly and i have my business accounts here.
Much better than bank of america, my last bank.
Still have my ira through them, but it's much easier banking where there's a branch.
In fact after a few minutes a personal banker walks up and says laughing,  "i dont even know who's next.
Thats how they treat a 13 year long customer with multiple accounts there!
This boa branch is always clean and the service is always friendly and quick.
And i have never waited in a long line like at other banks (or boa branches).
The teller clearly did not check me in so they knew i was waiting for a banker.
Both bankers clearly knew i was there, but still sat there.
Need more bankers that look like you:)
We have traditionally had really great service from this branch.
Twice in the past two weeks now they have stolen money from our account in for form of overdraft fees.
Even after they "graciously refunded" those fees it immediately brought the account positive.
***if you have an account with them, check your ledgers
He checked to make sure there was no suspicious activity on my account, which there wasn't.
It was honestly the easiest customer service experience i've ever had!
Devon, thank you for restoring my faith in customer service!
This bank is always packed and they always only have two bankers working at the counter.
This was the last straw and i'm yanking  all my money out of the bank.
If i could give negative stars i would, it's like this every day all day at this bank.
All i'm going to write is avoid getting a loan with this joke of a company.
It would be better to take the bus or walk than take a loan out with these fackers
Have had services with them since 1976.
The level of customer service is poor.
I am a veteran (captain) and i called for a car loan.
We have had 3 previous car loans with them and paid off everything.
Usaa treated this veteran like dirt when i applied for another loan.
Just another big heartless bank.
I have never felt so welcomed and been treated so kindly in a bank before...
Very well dressed,  and super clean interior of the bank.
The account manager was very nice and helpful, i believe her name was yang.
I told her after years of bad customer service i switched to chase.
Then told her i am very happy with their customer service.
Go into a chase bank, its a total different atmosphere.
This bank is the best one i've been too ever!
The customer service is spectacular!
The bankers are so friendly and will help you with whatever you need!
I recommend christian if you need help with banking or anything that comes to mind!
Nora poblador helped me with several changes to my accounts today.
I opened an account over a year ago, and i have nothing but great things to say about the bank.
Always providing great insight and mentioning all the different things that we as account holders, one nevada has to offer.
Don't go here, the atm here takes your money and doesn't give it back or post to your account.
I have been treated amazing by one nevada since i first opened my account.
Came in to open an checking and savings account and maggie was absolutely amazing!
Love the fact there's a bank inside the gym.
You can do all your banking needs before or after your workout.
This is a full service branch.
If you need a car loan to even a home mortgage, they can help you with it.
Free checking accounts for military & students.
I have banked with this credit for some 30 years;  in those years i have had few complaints.
I find their customer service is excellent.
Just the way the big banks like it!
Now the issue is to fund that account while incurring the least amount of transaction fees.
Luckily, wf personal bankers have no such limitations (at least my bank account is not that big, yet).
My parents set up a savings account for me here when i was little.
I have always gotten excellent customer service.
I now have saving and checking accounts as well as vehicle and home loans.
I always come back because i  appreciate his high calibre of service and is always on point!
Also, they do currency exchanges without any hassle or runaround, which again, is something that is rare in modern banking.
Every customer was visibly frustrated (deep sighs, checking watches).
Based on the amount of sgd the bank would give me for my cad,  it confirmed i was right!
I have been banking here for years.
If your branch made a banking error that is inconveniencing me, it is your duty to rectify it.
I've dealt with many banking institutions but none come close to the customer service of this branch and organization.
Setting up accounts (6 of them) is quick!
Feels like a great group of friends when i go to the bank.
In fact, my kids like to go to the bank because of the people (and lollipops!)
I simply re-scheduled for the next day, but i had never experienced this issue with any bank before.
How can a bank branch smell like poo so badly?
Both bankers and tellers are very knowledgeable and always ready to help.
But obviously that's not bankers fault so i didn't wanted to take the star out because they deserve 6!
I am a very satisfied accountholder and plan to stay with this credit union for a long time to come.
This bank does not train their people.
They are not the most efficient bank i've ever been to.
This is the slowest bank in the wells fargo network.
Most wells fargo banks that you go to, the tellers are friendly.
At the end of the day, if they can achieve my banking needs, they get a 3 star review.
I tried to close my accounts and thought everything was settled.
This bank is a fraud.
Seriously, avoid this bank at all cost.
I love this location out of all of the u.s. bank locations that i have frequented.
I'm always greeted by friendly bankers.
I like free standing us bank locations over the in-store locations.
The customer service guy was great and friendly.
Service was quite fast and the line were kept short and sweet.
All in all its another branch from bmo but with good great service!
I will always bank with chase and it will always be at this branch.
Not sure why all these people are leaving 5 star reviews....obviously they have never even been to this bank before.
This bank is it's own entity, and you must open a separate account with this branch to do anything here.
The worst customer service i have received in a very long time!
So i went to open an account in the uk.
Seems like hsbc's procedures are based on the uk banking system.
But this bank is the best.
Never go to this bank.
I would never come back to this bank.
Honestly, i'm even considering taking my accounts to a different bank.
I have had a car loan with us bank for a couple of years.
Recently they stopped me in the drive thru having put my account on hold.
Let me say, becoming a member here has been a revelation to me in banking.
Great services, great customer service.
It is 9:30 and the bank is closed.
They cost me money!
I didn't wait long for each visit and the reps were very nice but they really messed up my accounts!!!
Also their drive thru atms are always out of service.
But chase is over all a good bank which is why we keep them for our personal and business accounts.
My fifth third of choice, quick and the personal banker is extremely helpful every time .
Moving to another bank next week!
Admittedly, it's my own fault for trying to open an account here again.
The latest incident brilliantly describes what it is like "banking" with them.
I opened the account 2 weeks ago.
After calling customer service, they advised me i needed to go into the branch to resolve it.
After passing me to multiple people they tell me there is no way to reopen the account.
Again, save yourself the headache and find a different bank.
One was a lost debit card and then wanted to cancel another account.
Will bank with them for years to come
I ended up closing my account that day and going to boa.
Great service and great clients!
Their entire loan process is inefficient and broken.
I didn't think any bank could make wells fargo look good, but us bank has done it.
Very dissatisfied with this bank.
Save yourself time, money and aggravation and avoid this agent.
Had a great experience opening a new account with us bank.
The teller walked me through the products and services they offer.
I opened an account with desert schools credit union years ago.
I never did much with them since i have accounts at another bank as well.
I decided to start looking at options for an auto loan and figured i'd revisit ds.
After no wait at all, one of their loan specialists (jeremy) introduced himself and showed me to his desk.
Since it was such a big amount of money, we wanted to deal with a person, not a machine.
Anyways, we got there at about 4:30, knowing banks close at five normally.
Since this is close to our house, i'm sure we'll be here more often than any other bank of america.
I've never been to such an unkempt bank!
I can't believe they have only 2 bankers working at any time.
This is my second time where it has taken an hour to get banking done.
If your in a hurry then go to another bank
The customer service is going downhill.
Their customer service has become absolutely ridiculous.
I'm actually getting ready to move my accounts elsewhere, after 10 years of banking with them.
Service: their service here is great.
They're really nice and they also offer more accounts and etc to up sale.
They also have lots of people working the regular, employer-serviced drive through lanes.
I have opened both personal and professional accounts here.
I have had this bank for over 4 years and plan on getting rid of them.
Customer service is slow and i usually have to call twice for one issue.
There is no bank in my town.
I had a payment made via bill pay and it went to someone else's' account.
They still didn't get my money back.
They just bank on the loyalty to our vets.
I walked in to open an account for my daughter sat for 15 minutes with anyone acknowledging me.
I have my mortgage,my business and personal account with them.
I am closing all my accounts with them.
I will refinance my house and will go to another bank.
Exceptional customer service provided by knowledgeable staff.
Imagine that, chase national bank with no email at all?
I thought that was the worst customer service ever!
I can't believe that these are the idiots i have been trusting with my money.
Definitely go here to open an account
Wells fargo  dealer services  are the worst  to get a loan for your car.
Somehow they debited against my checking account anyway.
This was after a wells fargo banker specifically told me to write "principal" on my check payment.
I really like midfirst bank!
Great service and i feel like they really are there for me!
Bank of america customer for a decade until a few months ago.
The time i went in to close my account the banker was relatively nice, although obviously bored.
The last time, today, was after i went in to discuss my recently deceased father's account.
I have banked with desert schools since 06 and have never had a problem with cashing a check right away.
Kyle miller helped me with a loan.
It was a great banking experience.
If used several different banks so far and chase has been the one the most satisfies my financial needs.
This specific location has great customer service and makes sure everyone is helped as soon as possible.
Banking has been excellent customer service as well, even with dealing with complex fraud issues.
Today certainly validated my decision to close all my accounts with wells fargo.
Additionally what happened to a professional dress for a banker.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
I wrote a check for services to trudy p. for $350.00 on 11/29/16 from bank of am.
She cashed it at her wells fargo bank.
So after 40 days, the incompetent idiots at wells fargo finally find my missing money and i get it back.
I did have a banking account at this horrible place and now, thank god, i have closed it.
Big bank 1 human 0.
(this going beyond the usual insurance let-downs...very impersonal, poor customer service.)
My favorite bank of choice and i've used a few over my years.
Worst retail banking experience i ever encountered in the whole world!
Definitely the worst military bank i've ever banked with!
Entered my account info for 1 company who sold my account info to a 3rd party.
If that's not bad enough, their customer service never know the products or services they sell/offer.
Was trying to be a new customer: tried to walk in to start 3 accounts on a saturday.
Going here is like going to the dmv- if you like to wait in queue, bank here.
The employees are as poor as the service they attempt to delivery!
I will be closing my account and going to a credit union asap.
Nothing worse than bad customer service.
I will be a forever nevada state bank customer.
Do not bank here!
They don't care about customer service at all!!
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
This creation of an account was a requirement to get a loan with them.
I sincerely wish i would have chosen another bank.
Under no circumstance do not get a loan with wells fargo.
I wouldn't bank anywhere else!
I really like this bank too, i come in here to buy the money orders to pay my son's tuition.
Christine, the primary licensed individual, then went on to falsely alter their accounting system and payoff amounts creating further issues.
Keep up the great work and great service!
Bank charges financial institutions are willing to charge their customers.
I have a car loan with them.
Wells fargo is the worst customer service company i have ever dealt with.
I logged onto my wf account to realize this today 6/26 and paid the amount due.
So yeah you guys are annoying and from a customer service perspective a bit disjointed and super offputting.
(pebble) dawson smith the vp branch manager really showed why this bank gets such poor reviews.
What he did instead was lodge an "anonymous" complaint with elder services for a senior being exploited.
As a banking institution, why not inform authorities on the up and up not anonymously?
Dawson smith has a great future at a bank like wells fargo, that's where leaders like him belong.
Will stop all possible business with this bank.
I came here today with the intent of opening an account.
Stay away, they need to go bankrupt asap.
Try not to get a title loan in the first place.
To payoff the loan you have to obtain a cashier check.
The customer service at this location is phenomenal!
Chris helped my beautiful lover, christine,  and i open a joint checking account.
I like using wells fargo bank it self, but this rating is for the customer service i received from maria.
This is not good customer service at all!
Their service is horrible.
I guess the 1 star can account for their online account management    these reviews speak for themselves.
Uh hello the account was settled almost 4 yrs ago, the same time we received the title.
We had a family member pass away that had a loan with this company.
Don't ever do business with such evil people who prey on people desperate for money.
Thoroughly disappointed with the customer service at this location.
I always get excellent customer service here, in and out in less than 5 minutes.
Sorry so short, but not much to say about a bank...lol!
Is this the expectation for customer service???
And proceeded to count my money while huffing and puffing and not making eye contact.
I had some challenges with my account and scott mulvan was great about helping fix it.
Customer service here is way above average!
Always the worst bank !
Avoid this bank at all costs
When my husband and i got married 9 years ago he had this account.
I was not sure about it because i have always used banks.
They loaned us money for a car at a much lower interest rate.
The i retest on our savings is better than the bank.
I've had 2 different car loans with this company.
Waited 35 minutes, 4 bankers available and only 1 helping out customers.
Awful company to get a loan through!!!!!
Meanwhile they charge us overdrafts and give us penalties on loans for their issue.
Don't recommend this bank at all!
I arrived at this bank this morning at 9:20am and decided to use their drive thru service.
I would not recommend this bank.
I have a car loan with wf and have for several years now.
I log onto the site...it says nothing about my account being past due.
Do yourself a favor and get a loan through "acme screwu over car loans"......you'll be better off.
Even we i move i'm going to be coming here for all my banking needs
Great service and great price!
Currently i have my auto insurance, renters insurance, auto loan, and life insurance with this agency.
They continue to help me save money on my insurance and everyone is very friendly.
Hands down some of the best customer service i have ever received.
Chase used to be my #1 bank but unfortunately lately their policies have been quite a nuisance.
Customer service at its best!!
The worst company ever to have a loan with.
Don't trust this company with your loans!!!
A couple saturdays ago, went with my mom to get my name added to her accounts should the unthinkable happen.
The personal banker was great - in-out-done.
Eventually, we'll be transferring all of our banking and insurance over to them..
In general chase as a bank is fine.
Has to be the worst service ever!
Attempted to do a reloan online and site said that i was in collections.
I am surprised that they are still in business with such horrfic service!
National bank just moved to their new chi-chi location in the new development off bayview ave.
Chris was great helping me with opening another account today.
!their service sucks & they leave you holding the bag.
They were able to complete our purchase loan from start to finish in 14 days.
I highly recommend them for any of your home loan needs.
Great rates on loans and credit card.
They fail to mention processing time to credit your payment to your account.
I paid them electronically for both of my loans every month.
The date i paid electronically, they snatched the money out of my bank account immediately.
I spoke with 3 different departments including the "supervisor" of customer service.
I no longer live in wi and i still bank with summit, all online and through cu services.
I've had 3 loans with them now and it's always a pain.
Do not do business with this "veteran" service-they are no better than the rest of the thieves out there.
Well you know what, don't get mad the next time your account gets breached.
It's a bank, not the express line at walmart.
I am so sorry to have signed a car loan with them.
At the end of the day... they are just loan sharks.
One nevada instead acts like a big bank - out for their own profit.
They charge for everything like money orders and checking accounts and notary - these are all free at wescom.
And their loan rates are seemingly quite high.
We know why they waited to tell me i didn't have enough money.
As banks go, chase has gone a long way to improve.
They have the scan your check feature allowing you to deposit checks without actually going to the bank.
This bank of the west location is by far the most friendly, knowledgeable staff in las vegas.
Thank you for your service and on-going professionalism.
Advice: refinance immediately and get well away from wells fargo dealer services!
Never had a problem with their online account management system.
This bank is the worst bank!
Also their customer service line hours are not customer friendly either.
They have the worst customer service line i have ever called!
They love to play with your account and play with your money.
They have great customer services i will definitely come back.
The customer service agent hung up on me when i asked him to follow along with me doing the math.
At least they offer great service
They made me seem like i was bothering them and wasting their time asking for help on my account.
Worst customer service ever.
Please ask around before getting a loan, especially if you're considering wells fargo.
I'm tired and i want my life to go back to normal, and i want my banking to be easy.
Wait time for other services, like notary, are easily 30 minutes or more.
All those windows and only one bank teller.
I was depositing money to a boa account which i do not bank with this bank.
So i needed a slip that was stating which state the account holder lived in.
I will not return to this bank for service do to lack of bank tellers.
The chase banker was able to resolve the issue on the spot and bring the customer's anxiety down.
Let me start by saying as a credit union, i have never had an issue with customer service.
Very friendly tellers, speedy service, great all around.
My low score is because taking out a mortgage/construction loan with uw has possibly been the most infuriating experience ever.
Both of us bank with uw though so it made complete sense to take out our loan here.
The problem currently is no one can tell me what is going on with this loan.
I can't see it online on my uw dashboard, i was told, because its a construction loan.
So i can't track my loan or make payments online.
Well it looks your mortgage maybe with our mortgage servicer.
So i'm transferred to the mortgage servicer.
Not only that, we had initial issues when first taking out the loan like getting timely responses.
No one from uw told us because we were having a construction loan that our contractor needed to be there.
This is the rudest bank.
I thought that is what banks did.
I had an account with them for 30 years and this kind of customer service is why i left.
Usaa once was a wonderful company which had the best service.
You have to make coming to this bank a real errand and time.
I just don't get why they see there's a line and they only have one or sometimes two bank tellers.
They charge non account holders a $10.00 fee to cash a check drawn on their account.
This is presently my branch of bank of america.
I appreciated the quick and compassionate service, as i was pretty freaked out.
They then apply overpayments as credits to future months owed rather than a down payment on the principle loan balance.
I logged into my account this month (45 days have past) and now they are saying i am past due.
This branch has the least customer friendly policies/tellers i've ever encountered from a chase bank anywhere.
Never ever get a car loan from these guys!
No customer service and so unprofessional.
They never answer the phone, customer service workers and supervisor kimberly is terrible.
Never getting a loan from these guys.
Wells fargo dealer services you are a big fail!!!!!!!!
Literally switching banks over this i'm done with chase lol
Do yourself a favor and choose a different loan.
Stopped in early this morning to open a new account and become a member.
Terrible customer service, bad rates, predatory practices.
Yet wells fargo continues to deduct funds from my checking for the car loan.
Were excellent the 2nd time around, with constant updates on the status of my loan app and follow through.
I had my loan documents a day after approval and overnighted it back to them by fed-ex, at their expense.
I was told because i am not in the banking field i do not understand.
Best customer service from margaret mins!
I've been with this bank for almost 10 years and i wouldn't bank anywhere else!
Service is generally pleasing aside from the rude fa who occupied the office beside the csr section.
Had to go to 2 locations last night due to this recurring problem with this bank.
This is the worst run bank in all of vegas.
Don't even think about getting your loan with maximum title loans.
My problem was that another person was getting emails about an account they aren't on.
He made sure that the person's email or phone number wasn't on that account anywhere, which it wasn't.
I did end up closing down the account.
This is the worst customer service bank i've ever been to!
However i have to ding them on a few stars because of the customer service!
Was i impressed with the service?
Occasionally, i have had to go in and the customer service has been great.
Wonderful experience, i really hate going in to the bank.
Their customer service and care is horrible!!
All of them have lousy customer service.
We tried to get pre-approval letters from our banks and no luck.
Any loan i have, i pay extra to shrink my principle balance.
I am fortunate that i can pay off this loan, but they are loan sharks.
Every week is (loan) shark week for wfds!!!
After reporting numerous fraudulent charges to my account, i received provisional credits as you would expect.
I had deposited that $1500 into my chase account due to all the compromised i've had with usaa.
I'm not going to allow the criminals to steal my money, then have usaa steal it for.a 2nd time.
Usaa is support to support veterans, not steal from their accounts.
I was in a tight spot and needed some money to pay bills.
Really bad interest rate even though i have good credit... so i'm moving my loan to capital one.
Tellers provided great customer service, they were very pleasant and courteous.
This is probably the worst customer service ever what a bank should not do.
To  refuse a service to just change a $100 bill non  member  .
Your a bank, change the $100 bill for maybe a future  or possibility further customer .
Greeter was polite , but after asking service mgr and refuse .
What type of customer services are you really giving ?
Choosing only your customers for service  and losing a possibility customer in the future ?
I like uwcu on the whole, but i was unimpressed by the service at this location.
Considering there customer service has not been the most exceptional.
Well i wouldn't charge us to hold on to our money.
Has been our bank branch for 20 years.
Bank of america encourages its customers to use the atm in order to "save time" and not wait in line.
Customer service is not a familiar term with this company.
Be very cautious when banking at this particular location!!!
My husband and i both have personal and business accounts with wells fargo bank.
A courtesy credit was made to our business account for the $1000.
Don't go with this bank.
I'll never get another loan with these jokers.
This was the smoothest transaction i've ever had in closing a loan.
I can't say enough about the level of service i received.
**if thinking about a loan through this company do not do it!!
**  the worst loan company i have dealt with.
Rude customer service who like wells fargo are shady, bureaucratic lying cheating ass hats.
Like many have said, i pay down loans faster.
Refinance your loan and get away from this company as soon as possible.
So i was in a jam and needed some money to pay my rent.
Borrow money against your car?
Avoid getting a loan from them at all cost... because it will cost!
I had a loan from them back in 2014.
As of june 2017 wells fargo still reported an open account at $0 to the credit reporting agencies.
I immediately called wells fargo and jumped through hoops to speak to the correct person regarding my account.
It for the awesome service at every other branch i would of left this bank.
Nobody wants to review a title loan place because it's really embarrassing.
Jeremy clemena, a member advocate at the branch, recently helped me with a small loan.
If you are looking for a loan, opening an account, financial advice, and more, don't hesitate to go to jeremy!
Just like their retail banking, dealer services is just as shady, if not worse!
It's a hit or miss, and unfortunately i need to use this bank almost every business day.
Robot tellers with no care in the world about customer service.
I dislike this spot, but i continue to use their horrible services.
Not trust worthy, this loan should have ended but going on and on and on.
Opened a checking account with art!
Easiest account setup ever!
10/10 would highly recommend not using this bank at all.
The branch even suggested i submit a formal complaint after the service we both got from wfds.
I needed a loan and she made the process simple and easy to understand.
I would recommend maximum title loans in chandler!
The customer service here is horrible and the manager is very mean.
Business banking line is closed!
I am disgusted with the way this banker krissy treated a long time customer.
Not the greatest costumer service.
This was just the one that caused me to make the decision to change banks.
They have lost a customer i am going back to a big back that can handle real money
There is zero transparency and customer service.
I strongly urge everyone to run from this "bank."
Customer service here sucked.
Beware of chase banks atms.
At the end of it all i had no chance to cancel the transaction and get my money back.
I had to file a dispute that they have $1,800 of my money in their atm.
But bank of america's atm is better.
It's good to know great service is available.
What made me more happy is their rate is better than any bank!
Thank you so much for your service!
In short, it was a very disappointing customer service experience.
I bank with this branch only because it's conveniently close to my home.
I'll never go back to a bank.
There's something about the service here that makes this hsbc branch superior to the others.
Excellent exchange rates and great customer service.
Ech so originally i thought this place was awesome because the banker was enthusiastic and seemed like he cared.
But it has now been over a week and i still haven't heard anything about my loan application.
Good news: i got $300 for opening​ an account.
I have used this bank multiple times over 15 years for mortgages.
It makes me laugh because it sounds like emailing that general email account will really get things done.
This bank is extremely outdated and getting responses for anything is painful.
Customer service at this location was a joke.
I am very pleased with the level of service i have received from clearview federal credit union.
As a member/owner, i don't feel that i am in reach of understanding and participating in their banking decisions.
Great rates for my entire family and i even saved money on my home insurance.
From the reviews on this bank location i was kind of spective of it.!
I was attended very quickly, by second i walked in by a bank teller.
The banking industry is very competitive, unfortunately employees here don't get it.
My previous time i had the same experience with the same banker.
But the key is the customer service, because their staff genuinely gives a damn about you, and treats you well.
The customer service is extremely poor, especially from one specific teller.
Actually a very pleasant transaction when i normally don't ever have anything but complaints about banks.
Customer service was great in helping me locate books i wanted.
Bank reps are helpful and get you going.
This is a terrible lending service.
Like others have stated, great customer service and polite even though i was in after closing.
For a smaller bank, you would expect greater customer service and more personal treatment from its management.
Unfortunately, their customer policies and banking solutions don't compare to their larger competitors.
Once the heloc expires, there is absolutely no reason to bank there again.
Best customer service ever for a bank!
Tremendous service and people.
Been banking there for over 10 years now without an issue
I recommend them if you need your money exchanged!
I am done with them and will be closing my account.
Terrible bank.... nice people, yes---- but terrible bank
This bank is like flipping a coin.
I went into open a savings account and it was an extremely pleasant experience.
The lady assisting me was friendly, knowledgeable, and helped make sure i got the right account that suited me.
Still a great bank, very clean and usually never busy.
I had to wait to see a banker but it was during the lunch hour so i could understand.
Opened a checking account and it was pretty easy no hassle at all.
Well this long drawn out story started 7/20 and here it is 8/8 and still no money.
Because i know chase can't just keep this mans money right?
The few times i've been inside this bank there's been  no one else there.
So naturally they were pretty quick with service.
Quick and easy money exchange at great rates.
Thanks for the inconsistent service you provided a long time loyal customer!!!
You have many choices when it comes to banking, branches like this make me wonder why others still exist.
I'm no billionaire, more like a thousandaire but they treat me respect and service that is unmatched.
Allstars in the banking biz
This bank has gone down as well.
This whole banking chain is going down hill may have to switch banks shortly.
Miss dejanay sollas was the banker who assisted me.
I needed to refinance my auto loan.
She is kind and her customer service is unbelievable.
I also asked her to open me accounts and she proceeded with grace.
She should be a role model for all bankers nationwide.
I will be closing all my accounts.
I couldn't be more impressed with teresa or happier with our choice for his first bank.
Thanks to a couple employees at this location, they helped me solve an uncommon checking account situation immediately.
Last month they started charging 12$ a month for their account unless you get direct deposit ..
Stay far away from this bank!
Would definitely recommend if you're planning on opening a new account or credit card.
My bf and i finally decided to make the commitment and open a joint checking account for our bills.
I would definitely recommend him for your banking needs.
No- the check was from my deceased mothers ira account.
So upset that i have to go through this hassle with the money my mom left me when she passed.
Worst branch of any bank i have ever had the displeasure to use.
I went into one nevada to get the details on an auto loan.
I will absolutely be returning to one nevada to see linda whenever i need help with financial services.
I had a checking account with chase for 6 years.
The last year or so i havent used this account as much.
I've been using another bank as a personal preference.
I had an account with this institution for 6 years and this is how i'm treated.
I started a new company recently and thought of getting a business loan.
But now will apply with another bank.
I've had three car loans including my most recent purchase of my outlander candy apple red beauty.
So make sure to ask for justin when needing a loan and he'll make sure everything works out smoothly.
Great service by janet at this bank.
Great rates, friendly and helpful service.
Very disappointed in customer service  at this location .
I'm trusting you with my money, so i have the right to be worried.
Glad i don't bank here!
I went in to add my husband to my account and the wait was ridiculous!
Literally 15 people in line for the 2 open tellers while i waited for a banker.
2 times i entered the bank to make a rather large deposit.
Almost an hour of my day wasted and $ still isn't in the bank.
Branch employees do seem to be laid back in asking about accounts most of the time.
Had the worst service at this bank ever!!!!
We've been processing with bofa merchant services for decades, under a special agreement with one of our suppliers.
A women is yelling at a personal banker.
Terrible customer service and rude employees.
Service is absurdly terrible.
But what can you expect from this bank...not to mention their ceiling is deteriorating.
Needed to wire some money fast.
They seem to misunderstand the importance of banking service and fail to provide it.
Nobody greeted me when i entered the bank.
I would not recommend sunwest to anyone i cross paths with, their customer service is trash
One teller and all the other staffs just hang around and apologize for the slow service.
Mr bill b, mortgage banker acted like he was always pissed off at the world.
Next step will be to close all accounts at chase.
The customer service was above and beyond what anyone would expect.
I was supremely pleased to know that there was no minimum to open the account for a child.
This branch could take a lesson on what customer service really means.
This is for huntington bank in general.
It has horrible customer service both inside the banks and particularly at its call centers.
They also do not honor any advertised services and cites the "small print" when denying them.
The service is always great and friendly, but this last visit really impressed me.
It was a total pain in the butt opening an account here.
I should have just said 'no' and gone to another bank.
Without brining anything into the review like interest rates or services offered i'll provide a review.
Whether you have to go to just the window or back to speak with a banker the workers are friendly.
Finally i understand why the rating of this bank is so low.
They alway let customers wait at least 15mins to see the bankers even if i have an appointment in advance.
If they can do walk in prior to appointment, why they refused to service me on monday?
My father had his account here, and my credit union in california can be serviced from here.
Service: when my father passed away last year, i had to deal with desert schools for my fathers financials.
But in time, everything was able to be transferred into the estate account.
Just opened account, received wonderful service and so far so good.
The checking account had no fees and includes rewards as well.
Bank of america is famous for terrible customer service but this branch takes the cake.
I came here to cash a savings bond while waiting for my boyfriend to go on lunch at the outlet.
I went straight up to the teller, swiped my card, and gave her my savings bond to cash.
These people obviously need to work on their team work, customer service, and organization skills.
I literally stood there for 23 minutes waiting to have my tiny ass savings bond cashed.
Be prepared for the usual lackluster service, especially from bank manager anie or whatever the heck her name is.
The usual inconsistencies, that one can expect from most bank of america's....you will definitely encounter here.
This is hands down the worst bank of america branch in sw vegas.
And we finally went to another bank entirely and the refi was done in less than 2 months!
Thank enjoy your own money
Great bank so far.
They seem like good neighborhood bank.
I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seen at this bank!
Grade a service on all fronts.
I stop at this location after work sometimes and i find it to be very convenient with drive up banking!
When you pull in where i did, you have to drive up and around to get to the bank.
Greg and state farm bank made it very simple and painless.
Loan was funded quickly and with ease.
Their customer service is great and would highly recommend them.
Twas the  friday before new years and the bank seemed to be packed.
They have 1 teller and one banker that is usually on an appointment.
Great service and a great company.
Thanks bank of america and thanks victor
She's very helpful, patient,  and ensures my banking needs are met.
Slowest bank in the world!!
Went to open an account for my 16 yr old daughter.
The bank attendant who helped us was so clear and understanding.
She received her bank card today and screamed with excitement.
Not really sure why, because she is saving for college.
The best customer service.
In order to establish nv residency, i had to get a local checking account.
I researched all the lv and nv banks and this is the one that i picked.
Setting up my new account was very easy, and the customer service at this branch was great.
Overall, i have been happy with my new account, and happy with my choice.
I have been a very long standing with customer with nevada state bank.
I opened my account when i had a thriving business.
Millions of dollars went through their bank within their system and my account.
Needless to say, medical cost us everything we had, and we closed the business account that we had for years.
That bank treated us like we were gods.
We immediately opened two smaller personal accounts.
I would not recommend nevada state bank for anything.
I leave that much money in my account, then i withdrawal the rest and take it to chase.
Shame on them, they absolutely are the worst bank i have ever had, and i'm 60 years old.
I've been with bank of america since 70s.
They said they don't have one, although it is an offered free service.
The service is so personal!
It's not my favorite location but i love the bank.
I guess i have to look inpatient like these other folks just to get service...
I agree, chase is a pretty good bank to bank with.
Extremely reasonable better than bank, airport amex any of them.
Save your money and go here
At the counter, the bankers always offer my children a sucker before leaving.
Went in to set up a checking account for my trust and the process was super simple.
In planning my first trip to europe, i was getting overwhelmed at the thought of exchanging money.
What a breath of fresh(non-corporate banking mentality) air.
I opened a wells fargo account since they have tons of branches.
Slowest service while all the staff stands around with a like of people waiting.
So very disgusted, looking for a new bank as soon as this is posted!!!
After changing jobs, my work once again had an account with pnc, and i am responsible for making work deposits.
For the most part, it's a bank...go in, cash checks, make deposits, withdraw, etc.
For the most part, banking here in a common way is fine.
But should you need to bank on a deeper, m,ore complex level, avoid this woman at all costs.
When i use a bank, i'm very choosy which branch i use, based on customer service.
They have two kinds of customer service; sales pitches and rudeness.
Occasionally, a banker will be argumentative.
Great customer service skills!
My husband should of re counted the money as well before he left.
If you have nothing to do but get frustrated this is the service for you!
Starting a new business is difficult enough without being overcharged for crappy service!
But it does not even look like a bank, in the traditional way.
One of the reasons i like credit unions is most of them have shared banking.
Well i found out the hard way that this one branch does not do shared banking
I had to exchange euros for dollars recently and foreign money exchange came very highly recommended here on yelp.
All this even though i have an account at the bank.
My bank can suck it.
Banks are banks, and generally evil.
The people who work here are quite nice and make the bank a reasonable experience.
Went here about a week or two ago , to open a bank account for my significant other.
The tellers seem friendly but i rarely actually go to the bank anymore.
Got to love online banking and direct deposits :)
Deposits are held for nine days if you are a new account holder.
This was never disclosed when opening the account.
Shutting down the account and the girl could care less.
Take your hard earned money somewhere else - it will be a big mistake banking with them !
Best bank i've ever used!
Great customer service at the bank itself.
I can't physically use the atm so i go inside to make deposits, and i always get wonderful service.
This is seriously the absolute worst bank to go to at any time during any day of the week.
I was provided excellent service and was made to feel welcomed.
I really appreciate receiving first class service.
Staff who don't understand that the only advantage they have is a personal touch via their customer service.
When the service sucks, they're done.
Glad i rarely need to visit a brick & mortar "bank".
Don't know who is more inept : citibank or  b of a.
Thank god for ally bank !
I stop here from time to time and i have always been pleased with the service i recieve here.
First they applied a payment to my auto loan that was mailed in towards the wrong account.
It was applied to another member's account!
Next, i lost my job and needed a deferment on my auto loan for one month.
I ended up withdrawing from my 401k to get money to make the two payments due.
I'm looking to refinance my auto loan just to get away from them.
Time to take my banking elsewhere!
Now seated waiting for a banker, then was told it may be another 20 minutes wait.
It's monday, also the first of the month, there's only 2 tellers and 3 bankers from what i can see.
This is kind of ridiculous for a bank.
Worse experience at a bank.
They are a full service state farm agency.
They also offer financial services.
I called today and spoke with joey, i needed assistance with one of my patients bank accounts.
Absolutely incredible customer service and so easy to exchange at the current rate, no additional charges.
I will be transferring to chase bank.
Don't waste your time at bank of america.
Recently, i spoke with jean for an auto loan and she was extremely friendly and personable!
Scottsdale, az, 85262 i'm sorry to say that i had a bank account here.
I had an service that was taking money out of my account, even when there was not enough.
I thought that shouldn't be too hard to do considering my other bank does that.
I checked my bank account again and it was -$85 then two days later -$97.
I told him that the other guy said the account was at zero so i assumed it would stay there.
I just got a new job making 250+ and i was hoping to keep my money in bmo.
Central illinois was my first bank account out of high school and i love them.
I'm leaving central illinois and leaving this bank is going to be one of the hardest parts.
With their new acceleration banking, it's the best rates i've come across.
Service was always personal and (up until a few years ago) i always recognized faces.
You're trying to draw in people who don't want to bank with big banks...so don't be one.
But hey, it's just a simple banking branch on the west side...
Then, you have to deal with multiple pin numbers for their online, telephone, and mobile banking and your debit card.
Bank at your own risk.
I was recently deducted from my account and was 50 cents under.
I was unlucky enough to have my account with this branch rather than my sister's.
(especially considering that td has a reputation for excellent customer service.)
Money-hungry cheating lying thieving pieces of crap.
The tellers are polite while the loan dept is deceitful and tell bold faced lies.
I'm only 1 little person at this huge corporate bank.
I'm sure they will not care i'm going to another bank.
Considering it is in a huge busy building it was actually empty in the bank.
This office has one of the best customer service i have ever seen.
Because of this teller and her consistent bad service i will be closing all business and personal accounts with chase.
If anything you're holding me up because the bank makes no money off you.
Here's a solution: manage your money better.
Also, taking a picture in a bank makes you a creeper.100% creeper!
Worst customer service for home finances and don't expect any help in getting resolution for financial questions in this department.
You wait forever...the service is ok but the wait is ridiculous.
Make sure to take your parking ticket with you to get it validated by the foreign money exchange too!
The services are really good and the staff is really friendly.
I was told his is the biggest group in las vegas because of their "exceptional" customer service.
I've worked in customer service for 20 years and this definitely has not been a good example.
I came in to update my code for my sf bank card (yes, state farm has a bank people!)
She was very helpful in getting me in contact with sf bank.
Very bad customer service, very hard to communicate with the loan officer.
Slow process up to 4 month to get a loan.
I am impressed with one of the banker, her professionalism, knowledge, and just the way she is... a great person!!!
This is customer service, treat everyone equally.
Appt at 9:00 when bank opened & left after waiting 15 mins.
Employees strolling in late, loan guy not there, this place is a shit show.
This is why i bank with us bank.
Just here putting money in a relatives account.
This is the worst bank all across america!
Literally the worst bank i've had to deal with.
It's not actually the bank, it's the branch.
But if i pay for a cashiers check or money order they would deposit.
Very rude unbelievable that a bank would take this stance.
Do not bank here.
Bunch of lazy do nothing bankers with their hands firmly stuck in their pockets, i recommend avoiding this institution.
This is my favorite bank of all time.
I've been a loyal customer since community bank of nevada fell to fraud and they haven't let me down since.
Oh my godddddd, it took forever to just take some money out at the teller (i misplayed my bank card).
Maybe citi is too big to need customers and provide good customer service??
This has to be one of the worst banks i've ever experienced.
If you have a choice in your banks i would avoid this backwards banking institution!
Web services are antiquated and incomplete!
Very rude customer service, both live chat & on phone.
They couldn't answer my questions quickly or without saying "all banks do this".
If you're looking for a bank, i recommend you look elsewhere.
Thank you all for the exceptional service and smiley faces
Great customer service happens every time i visit this location, i have started skipping the atm.
I have been a loyal customer and have banked with wells fargo for three years now.
Low and behold the one time i need the money really bad, to get gas and groceries, they hold it.
So here i am monday and no money.
I have lost faith in wells fargo and will not be banking with them any longer.
I will be telling my friends i referred to switch back to another bank.
I am going otomorrow to close my checking & savings as well as my fathers checking and savings.
Went to this bank to get a cashiers check to pay off my house.
The teller said he couldn't give me one unless i had an account there.
The the manager came over and said we won't cash the check, i said its on your bank.
To bad he said, take it to your own bank.
Ive been banking here for a little over a year and so far its been a great experience.
I was scheduled to have money taken out for an automatic payment on the 5th.
This is what a great bank does!
Could not be happier with banking with cib but only have a slight complaint.
I've been banking with bofa for a while now and have yet to be impressed.
Fuck you bofa, i will be looking for another bank to handle all my personal business!!!!
Open a checking account and chase will give you $150.00 after your first direct deposit ..
Gotta say - i wasn't really expecting such good and personal service.
I've had an account here for over 13 years and i've finally decided that it is time to move on.
They have pulled overdraft fees out of my account multiple times even though i had the funds and more available.
Their customer service is poor and i feel like i am a nuisance instead of a long-term member.
Banking here takes extra energy and time and it's just not worth it.
I've never been to a bank where the line was out the door.
Very slow service and understaffed :(
I have been banking here for years.
While i am okay with the overall experience, in my opinion there isn't enough atm's for in car banking.
I rather enjoy the bank, but they do not offer on hand euro for traveling overseas.
They do not offer coffee or lollipops as some banks do.
Honestly, so much of your experience here depends on the teller or other banking professional who assists you.
I just closed my account here because of very poor customer service on my account.
The customer service is just not worth the benefits of having a checking account here.
Love the banking side, have had many loans with them through out the years.
Then, would need to explain that we are self employed, we want to pay off only these two accounts.
There are always a lack of bank tellers at this location.
Dear bank of america, please hire more employees!!
It is usually difficult to get very happy with any bank.
By their very nature banks tend to suck...
He set up accounts for ar, ap and equity.
The customer service here is nonexistent.
This means that this particular banking center is a well trafficked area.
So if you don't want to wait for service?
I worked specifically with a banker named gia tongol (i believe that's her last name).
As far as service goes, she did everything i asked of her and was very cheerful and good with conversation.
This was my first visit to a bank of america in az because i just moved here.
To the ladies at foreign money exchange, thanks for helping me out for the past sixteen years!
Waiting over 20 minutes to see a banker.
I was introduced to a personal banker named candice moore.
I will be coming back to this branch just to bank with candice.
I've banked with both the cotswold and noda branches... both have always been great to work with.
Oddly enough, fifth third bank does not serve food.
That's probably why this awesome bank only has 2 reviews.
They also want a $25 fee that they hold hostage until you leave the bank.
I normally go to usa money today, but i came here with the hopes of a lower interest rate.
Start the inspection and half way through that manager comes out and said, we don't do loans on commercial vehicles.
If i could give this bank a zero i would.
You should be able to access your money.
Choose another banking establishment.
I no longer have to worry about getting my checks to the bank; i can deposit them from anywhere, anytime.
Best thing to happen in my personal-banking life!
Came in to this bank to wire money.
The teller we spoke to was nice and referred us to the banking manager linda.
We will definitely be using this branch for our banking needs.
If that's kind of customer service doesn't deserve five stars i must be missing out on something.
If you like wasting your time trying to refinance a loan, this is your place.
The mortgage consultants are worthless and have no clue what it takes to close a loan.
This bank has fake reviews.
Went in to open a new checking and savings on saturday at 1:45, when they close at 2:00pm.
I was advised i would need to come back because they are not taking any more new accounts today!
Flabbergasted, i told them maybe, i'd check back another time or go to another bank!
I am a customer and the friend i deposited the money for is a long time customer as well.
I went in here to open a checking account.
The bank is very clean and everyone was very professional.
So far...the experience has been great...i'll write another review after more time with the account.
Anna grigoryan provided the best banking service i've ever had with wells fargo.
I had some issues with wells fargo dealer services and the disconnect between the bank and the loan provider.
Anna is the best banker i've ever dealt with at any wells fargo branch.
If you need any issues resolved with your personal banking, i would highly recommend speaking with anna.
I would never ever use this bank personally.
I will always bank with a "credit union" as opposed to a "bank".
This really reduces how many times i need to actually visit the bank.
Also, a unique and powerful feature of credit union banking is "shared branch banking".
There are credit unions closer to where i live (arizona federal and truwest) that offer shared branch banking with fcu.
If i need to, i can go into their location and withdraw funds or make deposits into my fcu account.
I'm wondering if this branch is even a real chase bank or just franchised.
But, even after putting my zip code, it denies it and locks my account after one attempt.
The other problem is the availability of bankers here.
So, i really don't care to talk to any of the bankers here.
I really think that this bank needs to get their act together.
She even followed up to check and see how things were going with the account.
No service what so ever, awful online services and crappy iphone app as well.
I need to stop by and deposit some money so i find this gem.
The staff here are the friendliest i've ever met at a bank.
This place definitely understands the idea of customer service.
If i lived in phoenix, i would go out of my way to bank here.
Now when does this happen in the banking industry??
Very unhappy with wells fargo so went looking for somewhere else to put my money.
We were fortunate enough to get dejanay as our financial service representative.
She even explained why she stopped working at a traditional bank.
I manage a call center and know what good customer service looks like and this is it.
After extensive research, one nevada credit union is going to be my bank!
Stopped in this evening and was immediately helped by the branch manager who explained all the great services to me.
Kyle re-explained the account choices and benefits!
While i've been to many td branches, i want to highlight this one for their regularly excellent service.
What bank does not accept cash?
Yes, that is right... chase bank does not accept cash deposits.
Why does anyone bank here???
Why does anyone bank here???!!
I have never had the personal service as i have had with this specific insurance agency.
They continually attempt to save me money on all services rendered, to give me the very lowest possible prices.
I am amazed at the service and the amazing staff that is available to me from a mere phone call.
They always keep me well informed of any new services that are available to myself or my family.
Look elsewhere for your banking needs or go to a different branch...
This to the customer service i am used from the branches in indiana.
It is my humble opinion that all banks suck.
With that said, i actually like the people that work at my citibank.
One star was deducted because they are a bank, all banks have some crappy policies.
They don't recognize metabank payments that come from netspend.
We have never had a problem paying by checking info from our netspend in 15 years....absolutely the worst ever!!!!!!!!!!!
This has to be the absolute worst bank in town.
How can a bank function seeing people come in and walk right out.
45 mins on a wait for a banker?
All bankers are with customers talking about their life stories.
Now i try to avoid it because they make no effort to keep their bank machine clean.
Went in to solve a invalid charge they made to my account and waited 45 minutes.
I just learned that bank of america does not want customers to come in their branch locations.
I got my statement and they have charged me $18.50 because i made a teller assisted deposit to my account.
Instead she and the bank prefer to loose a customer.
They did, i closed my accounts.
I hope others get fed up with bank of america's "holier-than-thou" attitude and close their accounts.
What a useless as, clark howard says "customer no service", bank.
I checked the exchange rate online before heading into foreign money exchange and their rate was spot-on.
They also told me they exchange money from u.s. to other nations currency.
The staff is efficient, kind and lead by a great bank manager.
To anyone who banks with jp morgan chase in surprise this is an excellent place to bank.
Banking should assist you, not be painful, this branch makes sure of that.
For once in my life i actually got great service.
I have nothing bad to say about the service i received.
I opened an account with kyle miller at the e. serene location and he was extremely helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.
In the interest of full disclosure, i've been thinking about pulling out of chase and moving to another bank altogether.
This is an excellent small bank that treats their customers with respect.
This bank has the worst customer service i have ever seen.
Does bank of america care about maintaining clients?
Chubby young hispanic guy who helped did my loan was very rude and unprofessional.
It's like we're at their mercy to put our money at their bank.
?everyone inside the bank can here our conversation and his arrogance!
This bank is a joke.
Their customer service line just transfers you to people who also can't help your problem.
I have banked here for 20 years, but my patience is wearing thin.
If you are in need of a bank/credit union you should give this place a chance.
Phones are your first impression of service and quality and this isn't good.
I've found nice people, service in person at branches however.
My boyfriend and i were second in line to see a rep regarding an account.
Brad at e loans has been very pleasant to work with.
*would i recommend 1/1 star, ill recommend because the store is nice but please work on your customer service.
I used to work at a bank and then you got all your interest from savings.
Terrible customer service never return phone calls.
Most bankers scuffle but she made sure i was filling them out correctly!
This is the biggest rip off concerning merchant services.
They come in to get your services.
Absolute scum bags bank of america.
Do not use any of their services.
I have dealt with him multiple times including setting up high school checking accounts for my teens.
He does a great job instructing the teens on banking issues.
No doubt there is too much paperwork involved in opening accounts anywhere, but justin makes it as painless as possible.
The service has been consistent, professional, and efficient, as each time my transactions have not been straightforward or quick.
Thank you to all for your service & efficiency, much appreciated.
(the bank itself is conveniently located & clean, and the greeter was helpful & friendly)
Don't go here if you need to do something quickly or have business other than simple banking.
Old bank but does the job and the lines are not as bad as the other reviews.
Jamieson was extremely helpful in setting up my account and my kids' accounts.
This branch is the reason i closed my account with scotia and will never return.
Lineups are always long and service is impeccably rude.
This scotia is a joke and an embarrassment to the banking world in canada.
And will transfer my current car loan as well, now that i have already transfered  my visa and signature loans!
There are transfer fees from your own accounts if you just want to transfer money, do your homework.
And of customer service skills.
Worst customer service ever!
Don"t get me started on the "service manger" jeremy quintnilla, haven't you heard of freedom of speech??
I love this chase bank!
The service is terrible and i think i may have been discriminated today by the bank manager.
(btw i am a former personal banker of 4 years)
Signed up online for a joint account, my document to sign came through fine, hubby's we had issues with.
What good is a bank that you can't get your money out of?
This is a great bank/credit union location just off the las vegas strip.
No longer banking here.
Great service, easy parking in the underground garage, and the exchange rate was fair.
Signed up online for a joint account, my document to sign came through fine, hubby's we had issues with.
What good is a bank that you can't get your money out of?
Great customer service and thank you for your prompt attention and assistance.
This branch of wells fargo consistently provides me with the best banking experience i've had.
Kelvin and his staff are friendly and courteous and understand customer service.
This pnc is like most other pnc banks.
A little bit slower than the bigger banks but more personalized service.
This is a great place to exchange money.
I've banked here less than a year, but i have had nothing but top rate service so far!
I originally applied for a checking and savings account online.
Most of my direct dealings have been on the phone or using the drive-thru, but their customer service is excellent.
We can do just fine without banks.
Glad i no longer bank with this poorly run institution.
I was a member for about 5 years and had several loans.
Now, during the hardship period, i had still always been on time with all loan payments.
Many good banks and cu's out here.
I do not recommend cardinal community credit union for any banking needs, for anyone at this time.
I've experienced nothing but positive service from this branch.
Fast, friendly service, and a personal salutation are the norm.
Truly enjoy utilizing this branch for my banking needs.
They been stealing alot of money these months and not saying a word!
They always found way to not refund me money being owed to me!
My fave bank location because of the merchant teller.
Their buy rate is very, very good compared to other banks.
I appreciated bank of america until i signed up with merchant services.
They sold one service, and bait and switched for something i never agreed upon.
I'm frustrated and lost faith in bank of america because of this occurrence.
When a corporation is pulling fees out of your bank account, unauthorized, this is theft.
My review is: don't use merchant services with bank of america.
If you think bank of america will have your back because you're a valued customer, they won't.
No sense of concern by the bank manager.
It also seems to be taking up a lot more space than most other bank drive thrus i've seen.
I have only banked with this location for a couple of months, through my employer, and they are awesome.
Running to the bank is not a task, it's a joy, all because of this group of people.
Honestly this is the 3rd time i've used this bank.
We love using bank of america cause so late staying open on saturday.
Generally, this bank is understaffed.
For sure my next exchange will be with foreign money exchange...
Will be back for sure for any needs to exchange money.
This place is cheaper than my bank wells fargo.
Linda really helped me out with opening an account today.
She was prompt so i wasn't in there a long time like other banks.
She also explained to me the options i had about setting up different accounts to better my credit.
I will definitely go back to see her when i have any questions, or want to open any other accounts.
Only gave one star of because customer service.
If i ever decide to switch banks (which is always a possibility) this place is my first choice.
This branch is the worst us bank i have ever had the displeasure of visiting.
15 people in line and a guy checking us in at the door.
I loathe this bank.
I can't wait to move my accounts to my airline credit union.
Their fees are ridiculous and they always freeze my account when i'm out of town.
Terrible phone customer service!
I can't stand this bank!
Be careful opening an account here.
Easily the worst banking experience i've had as an adult.
I have no clue why anyone would willingly bank with compass over any number of other choices.
She immediately recognized me, and without even looking at the screen, asks the teller which account i have.
Wednesday is my 24th birthday, and to celebrate, i am closing the account.
Chase offers the same accounts and credit, but have much better customer service.
The guy in front of me, making a drop for a store had a grocery bag full of money.
We just got a letter stating that our account was overdrawn by 0.01 a penny!!!!
My recommendation is to stay away from this bank.
Horrible service from the greeter.
They stole me 102,40 $, they don't want to stop a pending before closing my account.
Friendly tellers, always good service
I recently had an issue with our account, i went in quite upset.
David also mentioned passing our information along to someone who can handle our accounts to offer a more personalized service.
I will never go back to a bank ever again.
I applied for a loan on a sunday night.
I kid you not... by 10am the next day, i was approved and the money was in my account.
Good customer service brionne!
No guest service here.
Thumbs up to midfirst bank.
We have our business account with them and there was some fraudulent activity.
They caught it before i did and acted immediately saving me what could have been a lot of money.
It just reaffirms our decision to move our business to this great bank.
We first went to midfirst when looking to refinance our business loan.
Now after this i am even more impressed with the bank and the staff.
Has to be the worst customer service i have ever received!
Can't wait to close my account and move my money to a bank who appreciates their customers!!
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I decided to convert over to chase from another well known bank, and i'm glad i did!
Frankie was the banker that helped me and he was so nice and friendly.
Very happy with the customer service so far :).
Worst banking experience i've ever had.
I needed to prove to a mortgage company that i had made a deposit in the bank of america.
Customer service has gone way downhill.
The man who helped me close my account was jonathan kelly.
Now i have been in customer service for 10 years and this is a big no no.
He was extremely condescending and honestly made me want to run as far away from this bank as possible.
I will say that if you have to deal with this location, request frank as your banker.
Traditionally if you have an account at the bank they do not charge you for the notary.
I walked across the street and found three at this bank.
I actually got good service from a bank.
Gigi in accounts was very helpful and nice.
I got 2 accounts set up with no issues or problems.
Thank you chase bank.
The banker who helped us was very nice and friendly.
They had a promotion where they'd give $125 after the first direct deposit to anyone opening a new chase checking.
This branch has drive up banking, which is very convenient, and everyone is always very friendly and helpful.
My experience with foreign money exchange was good.
Its one of the worst bank of america places i have ever had to go to.
There are never enough people present at the bank to help anybody out.
My wife and i love wells fargo bank.
Very polite, knowledgable people, great hours, the kind of bank everyone hopes for.
This bank is very convenient and has a cool, industrial feel to it.
If you want to see an actual banker you are looking at around an hour wait usually.
Opened an account pretty quickly, no issues, very helpful staff and learned about a credit union to boot.
Best bank of america, ever!
We bank at a lot of locations; everyone here makes your business feel valued!!!
I believed in third fed as a premier bank in the area.
Once again this credit union has made mistakes with our money...
If you all have a christmas club account at a rate of .75 check it...
This is my guy's bank.
Can't speak highly enough about banker zack tribby!
My personal banker cabrina le, is always ready to answer my questions, and solve my problems.
Was there to wire some money to a boa account.
Stay away from this bank!
This is the to go to place if you are in las vegas nevada and you need your money/currency exchanged.
Banks don't have certain currencies in stock and you have to order it a week in advance.
It's available for same day service.
This is a small wittle bank.
Looks like i found my new bank
The app deposit function isn't working so thus to the bank i go.
There's normally only one banker taking all the clients.. never a pleasant experience.
Citibank is by far the worst bank on earth, i use several.
But every other teller is terrible, persistently rude, really makes for a well deserved name, shittibank!
But there were no incentives for veterans to upgrade account types.
Banker alicia is a great person and very passionate banker.
She helped me with​ my banking issue very helpful way.
It didn't seem like i went to banker rather it felt like i was talking to my friend.
For her customer service,​ i will give 5 .
This bank is huge with plenty of tellers to help you.
Go figure bank of america would outsource and take jobs away from americans.
What kind of a bank doesn't accept coins?!
This branch always provides excellent customer service, thank you boa!
Darian, our personal banker had called to see if we needed to refi our car.
I scheduled w/ darian for that & also for mom to get help on her new account.
I can appreciate honest customer service.
I like all of the wells fargo's & their online & atm services, but this particular one is awesome.
Next time you're in there, be patient & enjoy good customer service that is hard to find.
What's the point of even going inside at a bank these days if you don't need cash?
Just tried to deposit cash into my mothers account with all necessary info needed for deposit only.
They will only accept money orders, cashiers check and debit cards.
Since when does a bank not accept us currency?
This seems to defeat the purpose of what banks are for.
This is a great branch of huntington bank.
There is never a line for service.
I would bank at huntington bank only because of this branch and the service that i receive.
If you are looking for a great little downtown bank this is it!!
So, banking has become such a unaccountable crime-spree that i decided to go with my credit union.
Two months in and so far it is worse than my old bank.
And what about your money?
I've already started looking for another bank that wants to actually do business.
Initially liked the personal service and familiarity that comes with being a valued customer.
And sad that turnover and a lack of education about basic bank processes have led to poor service.
Thank god i closed my account here and switched to a bank that has cares about service.
It is the worst service.
Sherryll is my bank lady, she's got a great personality and a strong handshake.
Amazing customer service at this location too.
I've been banking here for over 2 years now, love it.
I always love my wells fargo banks and like this one mostly for it's convenient location.
Came in and was helped quickly, the teller was friendly and provided good service.
The bank was clean and had multiple tellers available for help.
Online banking is easy to use.
We experienced this particular office to have incredibly poor customer service and an extremely rude office representative.
I'm waiting...waiting, waiting for their underwriting team to complete the simple process of a vehicle loan.
Use them for their rates and bank with with a big bank.
Wow, a bank that has no interest in a $500k deposit?
The branch manager here should be running a lemonade stand and not a bank!
Looks like i am going to look for a new bank, even though most of them are like airlines.
I wish the would sell off my car loan.
Now i am thrilled because of the educational services she provided.
Great service  dori the manager and her team are very professional and kindness!
The slowest service i have seen at any bank.
The service is fast almost to the point where you have to double check to make sure everything was done.
I have lowered my expectations over the years due to nellis bank of america the worst.
Everytime i go they remind me how bad this bank is.
The manager just has no clue he is the one that should recognize the flow of his bank.
Please bank of america look into your poorly run and you will easily see you are losing customers.
There is so much banter from every one in the bank, asking "how are you doing?
Unlike my local bank in illinois where everybody really cared who you were and called you by name.
So not my favorite bank, but convenience seems to rule the day.
I think i am going to establish a new account with this bank.
Highly recommend this bank for all your financial needs.
Thank you george dammeir for being great at what you do and offering fantastic customer service!
I have to say that in all that time, i have always received friendly and attentive service from this office.
I love banks that are in old historical buildings!
I assisted my client with his banking needs and the staff person was very nice and helpful.
After my bank turned me down (told me to go to the airport!
The customer behind me in line suggested foreign money exchange.
I'm so grateful the guy behind me at the bank knew about this place.
I've said it before when reviewing other fcu branches, and i'll say it again:  banks suck!
First credit union is not a bank.
Service is better, fewer (and smaller) fees, and a full-range of services.
To date, probably the worst customer service ever experienced.
This bank sometimes doesnt have cash if you can believe that.
Management does not understand customer service.
Banks that do not have cash in a city like scottsdale.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Boa usually have the worst service among any other banks around.
Banks take too long and make you jump through hoops to get financing.
Prudent is a much better alternative when you need a quick loan.
Don't come here if you need actual service.
This is one of the few full service branches of citibank still left in vegas.
It has all the services but it will be busy most of the time.
Toni marie has also helped with deposits and ira accounts.
Who would think a bank would be busy on a monday lunch.
Both with the tellers and the sit down bankers.
I recommend coming to this branch if you bank with chase.
It's in a shopping center with harris teeter, along with several other smaller shops & services.
I have banked here for years and have been very happy with their services.
I have personal accounts and business accounts
I've been banking here since i was young.
Highly recommend banking with midfirst!
Poor answer when customers are trying to bring money to their business.
Probably one of my least favorite wells fargo banks that i have to unfortunately hit every once in awhile.
I probably spend more money on gas than the $2 additional charge.
Avoid avoid worst bank ever.
Do not go here bank anywhere else at all cost.
Great bank, excellent location on the corner of scottsdale rd.
Security guard stand on-duty during normal bank hours.
This is one of the worst banks that i ever had to deal with.
The bankers at this location are what you would expect to find at a cibc branch.
I have chosen to deal with another bank.
Don't ever go to the chase bank on alma school & queen creek.
I was going over there to look at moving all of my business and personal accounts to them.
I have never heard so many people complain in a banking line before.
This bank is very close to my house.
I am very happy with my customer service here every time.
In short, expect robot service.
My experience was hassle free and i recommend goodmortgage.com for competitive rates and superior customer service.
The entire bank is filled with other employees walking around or sitting at their desks.
It's more than clear that this bank needs to hire and staff more tellers at their windows during these hours.
Do not bank here.
Amount was debited from my account.
How is this allowed in a customer service industry?
I've banked with this bank for almost 15 years.
I attempted to call and got heather whom provided the worst customer service i have ever had.
She told me she couldn't talk to me about my own account because it wasn't my card that was declined.
I promptly went and closed my account and withdrew all funds.
Canyon state should ditch heather or consider a customer service training course for all employees.
I will always exchange my money here before going on a trip, great rates!
Bank is holding large checks.
They refused to cash it, so i decided to open an account.
I told him i needed to open an account anyway as i don't currently have one.
I banked with b of a for over a decade.
Open an account for the benefits and diversify your funds.
Take your ticket with you to be validated at foreign money exchange.
As soon as you enter, foreign money exchange is on the left side.
Very nice location, customer service is very good.
I have been a client of td for over 15 years now and am extremely satisfied with banking there.
How can you beat this service?
It's never busy they're always friendly and they get me the money.
I guess three new accounts and a substantial deposit account is of no interest to them.
That said, the people at this branch do offer decent service and are concerned with doing the right thing.
Pam and everyone at the bank are very nice and provide great service.
Have been there for 15 years and never have had any issues with the service.
I really do love my bank, as strange as that sounds.
Td canada trust offers customers great banking solutions  during hours that actually work for them.
Additionally, when i was recently visiting nyc, td had banks everywhere.
Amador in the business services dept was very helpful and easy to get along with.
All of my mortgage and personal services were handled professionally.
I opened an account with wells fargo because they had a cash promotion.
After 3 months of waiting i didn't get my money, so i called.
4 weeks went by, i still didn't get my money.
I called the bank again and the manager sounded surprise when i told him i haven't received anything.
Tellers are usually friendly and helpful but this has to be by far the slowest chase bank in las vegas.
Met with personal banker, chris, who was very polite and professional.
Is this why this bank is still in business?
Hopefully i get my money back soon, complaint on its way...
I have used a bunch of their services including the 24 hours atm and notary.
Came here as another location (desert inn and durango) didn't have the sufficient staff to provide the service...
It has quite the .... different design than a normal bank....
Bankers to the left, tellers to the right.
According to the banker who helped me, this was the design of the previous wamu.
Banker stated card will arrive in about a week in a non-labeled white envelope.
Bank of america seriously needs to rethink the way they do business with our money.
I've been banking with them for years and i feel like they don't value our banking relationship.
The customer service has been quickly going downhill!
I have done business with banks, credit unions and savings and loans my entire adult life, forty plus years.
From the account specialist, to the assistant manager, to their ira department.
No bank is perfect.
The trick is finding a bank whose issues you can live with.
I opened my account in henderson but for some reason this location is my "home branch."
If you are looking for bad service and rude tellers, you've come to the right bank!
Service here has always been slow but now they've reached a new extreme.
Definitely will be looking for a new bank.
Ugh  we went in around 4pm for my husband to open up an account (i already have one).
Finally a teller told us we had to see the front desk to speak to a personal banking agent.
He asked my husband questions to help him open an account.
Pnc is a huge bank and no other tellers or bankers were mentioning a system lag or the system down.
It was completely inconvenient and a waste of time  i personally opened my account on the north shore.
So much so that i recommended pnc bank to my husband.
His first impression with pnc was pretty awful and i doubt we will do our banking with pnc.
Standard for a bank, though.
I am not a us bank customer.
I have never seen a bank more understaffed.
Clearly on pourpose because it's always slow service.
I first came and started checking around.
This is my go to bank because it's close to my daughter's school and it's right by my house.
I was with a different bank and they don't have locations across the us when i travel .
Other banks draw you in with promotions and freebies .
Wells fargo will offer you a cold water but way better banking .
Next i was seated with a personal banker who had a dual appointment with bank of america and merrill lynch.
I gave him my atm card and asked that he look up my accounts.
I have three checking accounts with bank of america and one savings.
Don't make enough money and they want to squeeze their customers more?
Stay away from the wall street mega banks and put your money into a community bank like midfirst.
It's only appropriate and about time i did a review for my all time favorite banking facility.
I've had the life experience of having a bank account at basically everywhere.
From credit unions, to state banks, to other national banks!
I've gotten credit cards, car loans, countless checking and savings accounts, insurance!!
By far the best customer service, always understanding, and i have had overdrafts which i have gotten reversed!
I have just reached my 10th year anniversary with them as a my bank, and i couldn't be happier!
Never thought i would be writing a review on a bank, but great service must be recognized.
My daughter and i received exceptional customer service.
Only came here because i had savings bonds to cash and my credit union couldn't do that.
Customer service is awful, makes me thankful i keep all my money at sharonview.
No one likes to go bank after work but it's not bad at all for me to swing by here.
I used to bank with chase right after the wamu merger.
That all changed recently when i opened a new account.
The customer service is excellent!
I have really enjoyed banking at chase and think their customer service is great.
I have no significant complaints about their customer service.
They have always been friendly and helpful.... but i am about to close my main account (a checking account).
Their online banking interface is incredibly dated.
Yes, i know "shared branching" exists but it's a lot easier to find a "chase" or "bank of america" sign.
I had all these benefits on my checking account before this "relationship rewards" program.
You have become a big bank (err...
You've managed to become just like a big bank but with even less convenience.
Some of the staff are great, but i hate bank of america and this location is exactly why.
Every time i come i'm afraid i didn't put enough money in the meter.
I walked in for the first time, in order to open a checking and savings account.
I truly enjoyed my experience at this bank.
This bank is an absolute joke.
I never knew what i had at wells fargo until i opened an account here.
Opening an account takes longer than 45 minutes?
What are your bankers still in training??
I cannot tell you enough how glad i was to work with biltmore loan.
Best private bank in the state of arizona.
In and out of the bank in less than 5 minutes.
They also offer nationwide free atm service, it's a must if you travel a lot like me.
And they are the home bank for arizona state university sun devils!
State farm would not give me money to pay the bills, claiming that they only write one check.
One of the worst citi bank branch.
Shame on citi bank to continue to have such poor manager.
They let me keep my free checking/checks that i had from the wamu days.
Always friendly and helpful service.
And "our policy is that you just take it into your local banking center".
I needed an account verification form filled out.
***** a must read before you open account******  just had worst experience in this bank.
I had some issue with my account and needed some funds reversed.
Foreign money exchange is literally the only good currency exchange in las vegas.
Walk in with your cash money.
Walk out with your foreign cash money.
Definitely a go-to place if you ever need to exchange any money.
Amazing customer service and they took care of me and my account.
We have now been waiting for nearly half an hour for the opprtunity to borrow money from these people.
Needless to say, this will be our last piece of business with this bank.
I walked in and saw the banker in the first stall on his phone texting.
Among other reasons, this being the cherry on top, i closed my account.
Manny ramirez, chase banker asked "can't you see your account online."
When i stopped in to ask a question about my account.
This is the second time i have had extremely poor service at this branch and i will certainly never return.
I know all the big banks are pathetic.
I have been transferring funds to ally bank.
A savings acct with them pays .99%.they are fdic insured.
I closed all my accounts here today.
Horrible customer service, they would not even call me back to tell me they have declined my new auto refinance.
Had previous loans and banked here for years.
Their online banking is for the birds.
Is there anyhway to get through life without banks????
I am beyond happy with my new policy and the wonderful customer service i received from her office!
Fifth turd is a more fitting name for this joke of a bank.
I went to use their atm to check my balance, on my us bank card.
I was a little mad, and told the bank manager, who seemed indifferent, and offered no apology.
I would have felt better with an explanation, but customer service is lacking here.
I've been a chase customer for nearly 20 years and have several accounts, both personal and business.
I expect money to be available to enable my business.
Well i closed my account today.
I came into this bank for some coin rolls.
Also, this place is 4% cheaper than my bank.
Great service - check better pricing - checkmate.
A terrible bank with consistently poor service.
I cancelled all of my accounts due to numerous errors by tellers.
I learned months later that one of the accounts was never actually closed.
I have successfully persuaded several people to also close their accounts and will continue to do so.
I came here on a monday afternoon expecting  great customer service and service.
Not the greatest customer service in my opinion, but it's professional and consistent across the different locations.
Here is what happened:  i do not bank with bank of america.
I entered the bank and asked for change for the $20 bill i just paid for.
This is the place if you're looking to a hassle free money conversion.
Tip - if you bank at chase, cashiers check are free.
The person helping me said "well if you need more money, you can always pull it from your 401k".
That was the worst advice i have ever heard a banker give someone.
Qualifying for a home equity loan was a joke.
I had to physically transfer the money over, never was this mentioned, i thought they were linked together!
Not a fan of this bank or it's communication.
The mortgage loan officer made me open an account.
The service is ridiculous!!!!
I'm trying to close my account but can't!!!
Is it me or does the customer service suck?
They need some serious serious customer service training.
My mom is in the banking business has been for 10 years greeting her customer being interactive with me.
I had to literally go up to a teller mind you there was 0 people in the bank.
I don't know if any of these tellers bankers had a real training.
You guys at the moment worst customer service i really hope your new manager can change the entire team there.
Every last teller and banker.
I am a current wells fargo customer- and i just wanted to stop in an open an additional savings account.
Speaking as one who works in a bank, this is not a good branch.
They give scotiabank (probably the best chartered bank in canada) a bad name.
The difference in service is like night and day.
I have been using this bank for many years.
I will never return to this location again because of her horrible customer service.
They don't deserve to be held hostage to such poor customer service.
#nodapl was my reason for switching from my big bank financial institution over to a credit union.
I started my new account application online and finished it at my local branch.
Linda was the representative that wound up setting up my new accounts and she could not have been nicer!
She talked me through everything and all of the services available to me!
Great service and super friendly staff.
Mike and his team are incredibly professional and cover a wide range of services.
The best service i have ever had at a cibc.
The staff here makes a conscious effort to go above and beyond when it comes to customer service.
They truly shine in this area; their level of customer service is exceptional.
Worst bank or credit union i've dealt with to date.
If it wasnt for the mastercard global payment card, i would have dropped this account ages ago.
This bank is horrible i am so glad i am no longer a customer.
Quick and easy currency conversion and better rates than the banks.
After bad experience i went to a different bank, where everything was done in less the 30 minutes.
I was checking in on yelp b!tchs =) their customer sucks ducks - really?!?!
The level of customer service here is extremely poor.
I just left this bank to do a sharebranch deposit.
When a customer says to deposit into the "checking account" it cannot be any more clear.
I believe this is the basics of customer service.
Every time i come to this bank there's a long line.
I'm going to uber to another bank rn.
In vegas, us bank is a good alternative.
Lots of locations, friendly service, and no waits.
Worst customer service ever..waited 10 mins before somebody talked to me while standing at podium.
I recently opened my account with one nevada and it has been a great experience so far.
I recommend that if you are looking to open and account, you go to him.
Did they loan out all the $20's to their membership?
Were they saving the 20's for a run on the (not a real bank)?
So folks, if you need change try a real bank.
Better yet you should bank at a real bank.
This is probably the worst bank i have ever used.
I wish i could close my account.
Customer service is the worst in the industry.
Very poor service waited in lobby for 30 min while so called bankers looked at computer screen
This is the absolute worst bank location i've ever been to.
I don't do any personal banking here but needed help with a transaction involving a wells fargo account.
I would highly recommend her to anyone who has (or wants) a wells fargo account.
It's unfortunate because, i thought the banking industry could not do any worse than chase, however, i was wrong.
The customer service reps and supervisors are incompetent, unprofessional, rude and just simply horrible.
I closed the account in good standing owing the bank absolutely nothing!
I've been banking with chase for 15 years now.
Apparently a business account takes an hour to set up.
My last business account set up took 30 minutes.
Guess i need to consider taking my accounts elsewhere.
We have had nothing but trouble with flagstar bank-mortgages.
We chose an impound account in order to not worry about saving and paying our taxes and hazard insurance.
Exchange rate excellent, saved me a lot of $ in lieu of buying from my bank!
Great  bank, staff always kind and helpful.
I'm new to this bank.
We have been u.s. bank customers for a long time.
We had fraud on our account and went in immediately and maria just acted like we were bothering her.
I'm starting to wonder if u.s. bank is any good by the way they're handling the fraud on my account.
After waiting 10 minutes and slow service experience.
Horrible service and system to depend on.
This bank is so huge!!!
It has like 7-8 bank machines.
So yeah, this bank is cool.
Why does anyone bank with this place?
I only come because this is a work account that i have to make a deposit for.
Always a quick turnaround, very responsive, professional and provide the most exceptional cost-saving service.
Worst customer service ever!
Pros: this wf bank is pretty good.
They provide most of the bank services here and have 1 atm in the drive-thru!
For the most part because of a banker there named morris richie.
I have multilpe accounts and multiple questions.
No matter what banking problem i have, morris solves it.
I feel like he is my friend rather than my banker.
I go out of my way to use this bank.
Probably the worst bank/ credit union i have ever been with.
We are looking for a new bank asap.
What a great bank!
Excellent service and services, excellent banking plans, lovely people.
This bank treats you like a customer, not just a 'consumer.'
I'm all for regional banks and midfirst is one of the best ever.
And - wait for it - you'll get a hand-written note from them after you open an account.
Run, do not walk, to move your banking business there.
Do not bank here.
I just closed all my accounts here after being a customer here for several years.
I said i need to close my accounts, she said go to a teller they have all the money.
Did not even ask me why i wanted to close my accounts.
I just thought that was out of line and it was time for me to get a new bank.
It's nice that you don't have to pay a fee but customer service could definitely be improved.
I will never recommend anyone to bank with this company!
Horrible service to always have to make customers wait so long
This the best bank i have ever dealt with.
I don't know about the rest of amtrust bank branches, but this one is the best one ever.
Anita is the senior personal banker at the location.
Bank of america wanted 4% higher.
If i didn't have to bank here for work i would not bank at this branch.
My husband and i rolled our checking accounts over from chase bank to b of a.
We have been in a couple times since we initially opened the account over a year ago.
Underwhelmed at their customer service each time but today was the final straw.
To my surprise, the banker said to me 'we don't have public bathrooms.'
So b of a doesn't trust me enough to use their bathroom but i should trust them with my money?
Talk about 'crappy' customer service!
This location is near several popular places and also in the same parking lot as a bank of america.
They've dug me out of a tough time or two with their positivity and great customer service!
One of the clerks messed up on a transaction and now i have to dispute to get my money back.
Do not bank with them!
This bank has added the automated atm machines which are not that automated.
They have 4-5 bankers sitting doing nothing.
Great service getting you signed up; after that they don't care at all.
Use a different agent if you want more than someone just taking you money.
It will take me 4 to 5 months to get my money back, plus they charged me a $15 fee.
I will never bank there again.
I recently opened a checking, savings and cd with the am trust bank on rae road in chandler.
Assistant branch manager, maryann myers, personally handled the set up of my new accounts.
Absolutely the best service i have ever received in opening a new banking relationship!
I would expect a little more from employees of such big bank.
Chase bank overall is a decent place to bank.
The manager there, luanne is the meanest, most rude woman to ever run a bank.
Went in to this branch to convert a regular checking account in to a trust.
I waited no longer than 15 minutes and was approached by nataly to inquire why we were in the bank.
Customer service is key at this branch.
We have been with this bank/branch for many years and for good reason.
You are better off walking to the scotiabank on pape and danforth.
Customer service is non-existent, and the hours are beyond inconvenient.. 10am-4pm monday to thursday and closed on the weekends?
I would never bank here.
He has no business in customer service.
I will not go into detail about my issue but do yourself a huge favor us bank and hire professionals.
My experience with us bank has been stellar except for today with this guy.
I have zero confidence this guy can had my money confidently.
What a super service to have and without ordering and having to wait for shipment!
We will share this service and location with others and we highly recommend this place.
Crazy how much money people have.
4 stars, solid bank in my opinion
Great service and they charge so much less than all the other exchanges.
Avoid travelex, banks, and hotels.
I guess bank tellers don't want to work if they can get a machine to do it.
So bank of america website is totally broken.
If you thinking openning an account -- run while you can and save your soul.
He delegates his work the ppl in the executive office, and those ppl are just as stupid as customer service.
So this is 2 times my own money was stolen from me.
Once from the criminals, and now from the bank .
I will be closing my account.
I am so fed up with this bank.
Fifth third bank branches are staffed with personnel that are friendly enough but the overall service offered is really terrible.
I actually opened up my account in the newly opened noda location.
In that time, the staff offered little information or consolation and in fact complicated my account quite a bit.
They were not at all sympathetic and did not seem to have knowledge of even rudimentary bank transactions.
However, there are still very serious intracommunication difficulties that 53 banks seem to experience with their corporate offices.
I have never dealt with such poor service.
The bank is not open for even a couple of hours on saturday.
I had read the loan terms and disclosures on their website prior to submitting the application.
I felt comfortable proceeding and we closed the loan within 10 days.
This even includes business banking.
My advice if your looking for speedy service use the atm or go to another branch.
Meh... bank of america give me shingles.
I came in to sign up for a new bank account.
Luckily us bank took incredible care of her and she'll be dealing with her large sums there.
She even exchanged my random australian money i had.
Everyone there was really nice, the place is welcoming and i got good money for my jewelry.
Forgive the platitude..  bank of lynching american countrywide.
I have been a customer of theirs for over 10 years with numerous accounts.
I've been telling every person who will listen not to bank there!
No answers on top of that they want to charge my account more just for helping me !
I was greeted and taken care of right away great customer service.
Usually hate going to the bank, but this visit was enjoyable!
Most banks are bad, but this one seems particularly bad.
They have our money, they use it.
It's a waste of construction and money.
So there are at least 8 (possibly more) employees all in this one bank and only one teller is open?!?
Again most banks suffer from this, but this bofa does it to the extreme.
Not the banks fault though so i won't consider that in my review but it is super annoying.
Idk it's just a suggestion if you're supposed to be all about customer service?
I guess customer service isn't a prior to this company!
I really think she shouldn't be in the customer service position.
If you're primarily an online banker, find anther one as this one is lacking in development.
I go to the foreign money exchange for every trip i've taken over seas.
They have the currency readily available, the service is quick, and the employees are always very kind!
I went to bank of america merchant services because they were a partner with bank of america small busines services.
When i closed my account i left money to cover my withdrawals.
Meanwhile i am here with money and cannot buy it.
I am currently in tucson and bank there but will be moving to the valley this month.
I kept my chase account open just in case.
While other banks allow you to shut off this "security feature", with oneaz it is a requirement.
You seriously need to get your act together, and it's no wonder people prefer to do business with big banks.
Great service at this location - very friendly - you get in and out very quickly :)
Bank of america at it again with less than exceptional customer service.
I've been a customer with b of a for about 10 years and i expected better service.
It's a bank, a bank , a bank.
There are two atms in the drive through, one atm outside and then you can go in to the bank.
The only time that is inconvenient is when they close the atms to do maintenance or change the money.
Going inside the bank, the line generally goes fast.
Service is as expected and friendly.
Collin wolfson the account manager is really knowledgeable and helpful.
Lucia has excellent customer service, smiling  and asking how she can help me.
Great customer service here.
This bank needs more tellers.
They waste so much time with clients with lack of tellers and bankers they have.
It's a bank, what can i say?
I reopened my checking account with bank of america in fall 2013.
I asked them to default my account to decline the card if it would cause a negative balance.
In january after the holidays, many transactions processed immediately after sitting dormant in the account history online for two weeks.
Recently, three more transactions have accrued overdraft fees, and the checking account still isn't declining transactions.
All of the banks have agreed on a system for charging fees and they are astronomical.
She explained bank of america does not control the order in which merchants submit their payments.
Very professional, very attentive, definitely will wait on line to see this guy for any of my banking needs!
Customer service lacks here ..
35 dollars an we need to apply online until we get hired by the casinos, service very unfriendly,
Customer service and wait times are unacceptable considering it was wednesday at 1:30pm.
Waited for over 30 minutes to see a banker when there was no one else in the bank.
Just as a background, i've been a chase customer and have 2 active accounts with them.
Not a good first impression, especially to those who are non chase customers that are considering opening a new account.
Great online and mobile app for my everyday banking needs.
This is the worlds slowest bank of america.
Don't bank here they loose money .
I payed a bill early on line and chase lost the money .
Now they won't credit my account the money they lost.
I really think this bank deserves 0 stars but can't so 1 will do , very rude "assistant manager ".
My girlfriend and i went in rather late before they closed to close an old account of hers.
Mind you this was to close an account too so they were technically losing a customer.
I'm not easily impressed with the service of banks but this really stood out.
Don't go to celeste caday(teller), she hates her job; horrible service.
Google said 39 they charged 41, much better than the banks.
Worst banking customer service ever.
You got most here than you would at a bank or the airport!
Best bank i have ever been into.
This is my favorite bank of all time.
I keep reminding myself to switch my other accounts to this bank as well.
I feel like the other banks keep nickel & diming me.
But i hit the jackpot with choosing this foreign money exchange ....
I exchanged a total of  $1,500 u.s. into the foreign money.
They had my currency available and the exchange rate was waaaaay better than the bank!
This person didn't even bother to ask if i would be willing to open up an account.
However, after the despicable customer service that she exhibited, i would never consider doing business with first credit union.
I am happy report that i went to chase bank about a mile away, and was pleasantly surprised.
I received the most outstanding customer service from the assistant branch manager.
It's abundantly clear that chase places a premium on customer service and fcu does not.
I am happy to report that i opened an account on the spot.
Fast service as expected, same as in other qts.
I opened an account and will keep going back.
Pretty much same stuff as previous reviews in regards to bad customer service.
This banking institution, in general, is horrible.
(in my opinion) i've banked with them for years, and the fees are ridiculous.
I have slowly been trying to change everything over to another bank.
Somewhere that doesn't charge me fees to access my money.
Usual bank business, not as busy since it's in "southern islands" ha haa
I am not surprised at all that this, or any bank of america, has 2 stars or less.
Service is usually slow but very friendly.
I had to stand in line to get checked in and then wait again for service.
The absolute worst policy is i can't deposit cash into a family members account.. has to be check?
This is why i never ever want to deal with this bank.. my car loan experience was horrible also.
I'm glad i don't have any accounts with them.
Literally just technically out of service and complete unresponsive.
Every time i go to this bank it's a waste of time.
Do not do business with bank of america merchant services.
There are a ton of other merchant services available.
Avoid bank of america merchant services at all costs!
I read the reviews & went over to open an account yesterday.
I am so angry with bank of america that i have been with for the past five years.
I wanted to open an account and waited for at least 25 minutes without one person acknowledging my presence.
Always busy, not enough tellers, merchant service line gets to cut people off!
The prices are good, and the service to get any information you may need along the way is great.
I refused to be disrespected when i am the customer who has the money!!!
I've been banking with nevada federal credit union since 1996 maybe longer.
The longer i bank with him the more ways they find the charge you fees.
I came here to withdraw money from my b of a account from the atm.
This is why i will be fully converting over to credit union banking.
Customer service really sucks.
A service up to my expectations!
0 customer service here.
As a longtime tdct client, i can't complain about the prompt service, but this branch lacks a human touch.
Tellers and bankers were all very helpful
I will never consider doing business with you or any bank of america location.
Thank you again for showing me that bank of america only cares about money.
Jordan thomson is the best banker i have ever encountered!!!
I'm forever grateful and will remain a bank of america customer because of him
Sorriest excuse for a bank i've ever seen.
I waited 45 minutes for the "banker" to do a wire transfer.
... why would you don't give me this information in the first place horrible service
Good luck getting a loan closed quickly at this place.
My experience in this bank does not even deserve a 1 star, but at least one is required.
My husband and i just left this bank, furious!!
The asian banker acted as if my husband and i were invisible.
After 10 minutes of waiting, the other banker finally acknowledged us and told us we'll be right with you.
After another 10 minutes of waiting, the asian banker finally asked us if we've been helped.
First and last time with this bank.
They do 2nd chance banking with helps someone like me get back on my feet.
Tried to get my wife to close our account here....it's soon going to be my mission.
Bank here at your own peril.
It beats waiting in the banks for your money to come and they will not rip you off.
Definitely the worst bank in nevada.
Their service is abysmal and they are very understaffed.
Even with a confirmed appointment with a banker you are forced to wait.
I am counting the days until this cd matures and i can move it to another bank.
I just applied for and got a loan to consolidate my debt and have some windows replaced.
Chase is a pretty good bank overall.
The bankers treat you really well and are professional and courteous.
Love their app that even lets you deposit checks without going to the bank.
Service is always great.
As a student, i live off federal loans essentially.
In retail banking, knowledge and a smile go a long way.
Great customer service tina.
Accountable, kinda ironic huh?
No rather i receive $h*t poor customer service from brand managers like tina.
I would give this bank 0 stars if that was an option.
If you are going to this bank, be ready to wait 30 mins - 1 hour if you're lucky!
I went to the bank around closing to deposit a large check.
I made the mistake of using a computer to do my banking, atms, who needs them?
How a bank can allow their customer's accounts be compromised like this is unbelievable!!
It's always a nice surprise when you are able to save money when switching.
Her name is margaret (maggie) flanagan, and she is a personal banker at this branch.
She is worth the drive or call in order to navigate other than superficial banking needs.
I asked about borrowing 50k hard loan with 6 months term.
He said if i needed to borrow 50k, i needed 50k in the bank as collateral.
If i had 50k in the stinking bank, i wouldn't need to borrow any money at all..
I've been banking at desert schools for a couple years now.
Overall, their services are comparable to the services offered at other credit unions and banks.
I like that my money is usually available as soon as it's deposited.
I don't want to discuss my weekend plans with the bank teller!
This review is based on bank of america as a whole.
Nothing less would be excepted from the bank they got bailed out by the taxpayers for their shady derivatives fallout
I didn't open all the coin rolls at the bank, but i did when i got home later that day.
I realized i was shorted, but i didn't have time to go into the bank until just today...
Tellers seems not like to work.. deposit money and teller says you can deposit at the atm.. what the???
We've had an auto loan with cardinal for 2 years (as arranged by the dealership we purchased from).
We drove 20 miles to talk to someone there about preapproval for another loan.
3 useless "bankers" sitting at their desks with no clients probably on facebook.
Avoid this bank if you are in any sort of hurry.
They act like they are doing you a favor when its your money that you are giving them to hold.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
The young lady said she would get the manager for us, no problem, and went back to the service desk.
Outside of signing loan papers or robbing it, when was the last time that you ventured into a bank branch?
Because of its location, i can understand why they have so many bank machines available and a large teller space.
I had fraudulent charges on my account two days before i was set to leave town.
I've banked at other banks before but he made me feel welcome and talked to me like an actual person.
Not like another banker who hates his job.
They are idiots horrible with money lost my check and they won't credit my account  ....
On top of that, recently one banker made the greatest impression on me.
Unfortunately, this has to be debited directly out of her account.
So i just told my mom i would give her the money for her to apply to her account.
I think i need to make this my primary bank!
It's a good think i don't have a account here.
I've been with chase for about 10 years & the location at scottsdale & shea has outstanding customer service.
Came to this bank the friday before  labor day  weekend  to open a new account.
Been banking with chase bank for like forever.
Enjoyed their fast service and friendly staffs.
She did say sorry, so will i, i am sorry to have to deal with this garbage bank.
Great location, great service, everyone is very friendly and helpful.
It's my go to branch for all my simple easy to do banking needs.
I hate this bank, they always act like they know what there talking about, but they don't.
We have several accounts.
I have one, hubby has one and we have a joint account.
So i closed my account.
Ok, so now i don't have access to this closed account anymore right?
So i didn't see anything pending in the other bank.
So i call armed forces bank.
Ohhhh some how they took money out of the closed account,  huh?
How the heck did that happen, and i don't have access to that account.
We will do a free transfer to your other account.
No one knew anything, no one can see that i had double the $ that was transferred to that account.
That on the afb if you have more than 1 account you have to go in and delete that account!
Ok, i don't freaking work for the bank.
Worst costumer service ever i was waiting more than 10 min and nobody come and check on me .. losers..
My lesson learned and paid my dues with poor customer service from chase over the phone and in person.
Thank you for your service chase.
I am glad that i am still with an awesome banking institute for all my personal and business purposes.
This is a wake up call for me to not to look further or try any other banks.
I receive fine service every time i come here.
There is no language barrier and i am always treated with the utmost care when i bank here.
I never thought i'd review a bank, but this story must be told.
Ago, it was close to where i lived, so i opened an account.
I've had more than one problem with employees making stupid mistakes with my account & generally giving me crappy service.
In the long run, you have saved me money & i appreciate it with my lower rate.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
I have been a member of this bank for 6+ years after converting from satan's lair (bofa).
They are incredible as a banking establishment.
Bank of america  is the worst bank ever.
It's amazing how a bank like td can treat you better .
The customer service at this branch is phenomenal.
It is a lot of small touches that make this bank a standout.
Even the safe deposit box area feels better than most banks.
I would highly recommend this particular branch of midfirst bank!
It is rare to have a personal touch at banks today.
Every major bank claims to have a personal banker.
I came in today for a quick bit of banking.
I do like to save money though.
She took my money and then walked away to talk to a coworker.
I would have too, but they had my money.
This is a service oriented environment and i expected at least an apology or something.
The customer service at any of my wells fargo or chase locations is infinitely better.
I met with michelle b who is a personal banker.
Bank of america is such a cheap ass crap bank.
This is the worst,, slowest and no customer service.
They need someone with a brain at this bank., i would fire all the employees at this branch..
What is more valuable than money???
There is no customer service here.. unfortunately is the closest branch, but there is complete disregard for providing customer service.
Worst bank in las vegas, the only one that opens at 10am!!
Their products and services are very standard, and their fees quick and many like a lot of banks.
Just changed money here again for a trip to china.
Apparently, anyone who disagrees does not travel or change money often.
I felt discriminated while dealing with her because i was dealing with a lot of money.
Each person i've had the pleasure of assisting me is so friendly, pleasant, and provide excellent service.
Tried to get a loan to purchase a property through nbaz.
It's just crazy to me how hard "big banks" are to work with.
I will never bank with nbaz again.
My daughter opened an account about a month ago.
She wanted to do this so she could get the co-signer off her loan.
We told her what was going on and she looks up the account.
The lady at the bank said it was never approved.
She gets paid tomorrow and will be closing her account after that.
She said she knew she should stay with chase bank.
Horrible service and not the best way to start off a new account.
We have four other accounts there that will be soon closed.
Worst bank ever nobody knows how to do their job from the manager down.
So this month i went into the bank to deposit it and they were still wanting me to sing it.
Chinatown location is most definitely not my favorite location to visit when it comes to going to bank of america.
I am all for using the self service options because trust me i hate lines!
I have come to this bank numerous amount of times and never have had a problem with cashing a check.
How is it hard to cash your own bank check!
The worst bank in vegas..
It took over an hour to open a checking account.
I took my cash to chase it was speedy and prompt...unlike citi going back to 1970s service.
It was a horrible bank 10 years ago and it still is!!!
Horrible customer service by the way that they treat loyal customers.
Take your money out and go somewhere else.
Even the crooks over at wells fargo still manage to offer better customer service.
But here the girls nice and serve donuts i love this bank here i drive father from scottsdale come here.
You guys rock pretty sad got drive to another city for good service.
You can't take out your own money from your savings at a atm.
They charge you after 6 savings transactions during month time.
Check out cardinal community credit union, they are way better than any bank out there!
Horrible customer service, even slower banker, and the intelligence level of the branch is bordering preschool.
Honestly hands down would of had an easier time with the mcdonalds staff then this banks staff.
This bank fucking sucks do not go here.
Absolutely horrendous customer service and complete waste of day everytime i come here.
I do all my banking here..... and needed to use the restroom really bad.
Was told it was for employees only which is funny because i used the bathroom in other chase banks before.
It's not like i came into a bank use to use the bathroom.....clearly i was doing some banking.
I have been banking with first calgary for 11 years now.
I always had great service--especially from mary barker, who helped us with our first mortgage.
As a banker, is this the first time you've encountered debt?
I told her no and specifically said i would come in to gather more information before committing to an account.
I then questioned her decision to open accounts without permission!
They claimed a manager had to count the money from the machine to make sure it was balanced.
Ok i get it people and machines make mistakes, what is not acceptable is having lack of customer service.
If you have to use this bank location i highly recommend triple checking your withdrawal.
Dane county credit union has been my financial institution since i opened my account when i was 15.
I really appreciate all of the e-services they have, including the ebanking and especially the chat feature on their website.
Worst customer service i've had with the lady graciela in the teller section.
I've been banking with wells fargo for 25 years now.
Someone hacked my account and took a substantial amount of money from me.
Since then we have closed all of our accounts and never plan on doing business with them again.
I lost my bank card and was lost on how to pay my bills.
Everything was linked to my bank card.
Whom was very patient and showed me how to do the online banking or bill pay.
The moment i walk into this bank, someone is always asking me how they can help me.
This place is great, good rates, fast service and friendly!
Ive been banking here for quite some time and never had any issues.
I handled my personal and business accounts and if there were any questions they were always answered.
As i compute it, that is a spread over interbank rate of about 1.7%.
This bank of america branch is the worst.
Elaine wynn banks here.
Floyd mayweather banks here.
George maloof banks here.
I probably step foot into a bank three times per year.
The notary service was free.
Don't bank with pnc!
Undoubtably the worst customer service of any bank i've ever dealt with.
This wasn't the worst of the customer service issues i've experienced with the bank but easier to explain on yelp.
Don't bank with pnc or you will regret it.
The customer service was extremely lacking through the entire loan process at this branch.
The loan agent came across as condescending almost and in a rush to move on to the next client.
Joe bryant williams was my loan officer who gave exceptional customer service.
Joe found a way to offer me the options i needed with a refi/cashout loan.
You are loan officer extraordinaire!
Then after being with them for almost 2 years, tried disputing a charge on my bank statement.
Never heard of anyone else or any other banking institution treating customers this way.
I will be refinancing my auto loan, closing all accounts with them.
Do not bank here and don't let anyone you know!
This is why i don't bank with them personally because of all the stupid fees and the rude customer service.
Ill be banking here for a longtime when i visit vegas.
Another hilarious stupid, interaction at wells fargo bank.
They are so out of touch and i will never bank with them.
I understand there are rules but what about customer service?
The charity has the account and the pasos are for the charity.
I am going in tomorrow to close my checking & savings as well as my fathers checking and savings.
Great customer service and very knowledgeable.
I did shut the card off and when i logged in to my online banking it said "balance = $0".
When i banked at larger banks, they issued credits for fraud within 1 day.
Thieves can suck your account dry and leave you stranded big time.
The atms at this bank are always down & unavailable to take my deposits (wait..
So you don't want to take my money??).
I'm constantly inconvenienced with this bank.
I have been considering closing my account and taking my money to wells fargo (right across the street)!
Not even close to community banking or the understanding of going above & behind for a 25 yr customer.
It's all about them and what is best in a loan for them.
There are other banks out their i suggest you talk to.
Please staff your bank!
When nicely saying we are going to close our account,  answer ok have a good day.
Recently switched banks and daniel was super nice and friendly to me.
That was appreciated thanks again you will be seeing me soon when i come in to make my savings account!
Excellent customer service and great rates on loans as well as savings/checking accounts have made me a believer.
We switched all of our accounts over about 2 years ago, and i am so glad we did!
The bank itself is good though
Tracy & jessica are awesome did everything to help me with things i needed help with our bank accounts.
The ladies at the counter was very helpful and all are so polite at this bank
The only place i go for money exchange.
The rate is better than the bank.
Nikki and susan are the employees i've contacted the most and they give superior customer service!
Taking $3 out of my account, then calling it dues when we all know its a fee.
You guys are worst than bank of america!!!
They definitely lack customer service, which is why i did 1 star instead of 3.
Had to go to my other bank to get proof where i happily signed up for a new checking account.
Will never do business with us bank again.
For a bank, i think that they are terrible, and agree with the other bad reviews of them.
It seems that the staff just aren't there when they are dealing with your money.
Dane was recommended and the gal was very nice and helped open accounts for me.
I have also been very disappointed by their online banking.
It took a half hour but i got the fees refunded and my money back.
Banking here is work and not worth all the extra time!!
Worst banking experience of my life.
Pnc high yield savings account offer prompted me to investigate the details.
Bottom line: imho, if you have a death wish, bank with pnc!
Otherwise, this location has never given any bad services or issues.
After doing some research and checking a few major banks, i decided to give this place a try.
Make sure you have an idea of what the foreign money should look and feel like before you head in.
Australian money is plastic and very colorful!
I highly recommend this place for any money exchanges and if you have foreign money left over, don't worry!
I had a really horrible expierence with this banker!!!
Chase is where i bank with but that attitude is ridiculous and unnecessary.
A bank with no management, now doesn't that sound crazy!!!!!!!!!
Reason i'm leaving a review for this bank is because i left bank of america.
I hate it that bank and i finally found a bank that has great customer service and fast lines.
Bank of america and i'm never looking back.
As a small business owner i usually look at most banks as evil.
We got the lowest rates for our merchant services accounts and really like their online banking.
As far as demon bankers go, i have to say that our experience at this branch has been great.
Use too bank here a long time ago and i decided to come back
Friendly teller service inside.
Chase seems to be on point with providing good customer service.
Let me start by saying this is one of the worst banking institutions that exist today.
I would not choose this bank to do business with if i were you.
Hopefully this branch will give better service with current customers if i need them in the future.
I spend a lot of money in their austin, tx store.
Bank of america wants us to update our personal info.
Called to find out that they had actually closed the account without ever notifying us.
My choices now are to have a closed account (which will ding my credit) or to reactivate.
Customer service had no clue, the "credit card department" gave me the above options.
We went to a 3rd department, i guess they are the ones that closed the account.
Is this bank manager, chris still employed?
He has no business ethics or customer service skills and demonstrated nothing but a bully attitude.
I hope that chase bank will do the right thing and fire him.
I've always had a great experience at citibank.
Do not start a loan with them.
The agent does not update the address on file, that was no longer on the account more than one year.
Needed a quick loan and mario was great!
I would recommend them to anyone who needs a loan .
Not a reflection of quality customer service or someone i want handling my account.
Worst customer service by the branch manager, jorge quintana, of any branch i've ever been in.
Fast prompt service perfect atmosphere and received results was after
I feel like every time i go, and i go a lot, i'm accosted by someone and asked for money.
My favorite bank, fast, efficient, and courteous service!
Banking doesn't get any better than this!
A trip to a bank shouldn't take close to an hour for a simple deposit.
I came here with my husband to settle an estate account.
We had great service from the managers.
For anyone looking for a merchant account please stay away from bank of america merchant it is a scam.
As always say, customer service is so important.
I have my boa account open in california.
So i decided, i still have to go to a real bank.
Her response to concerns about understaffing was that "it's just the way our bank is doing business these days."
This is a high-traffic commercial area and the service is entirely unacceptable.
Got a call from desert financial credit union alerting us of potential fraudulent transactions on our checking account.
Of course, the member services department is closed on the weekends.
I have had the worse banking experience ever with this branch.
First chase no longer accepts cash deposits unless you are the owner on the account.
After about 6 calls to chase i found there is a program called account updater affiliated with chase.
Well i don't have that option because their merchants come before their account owners.
She never once came over to introduce herself, answer any of my questions or simply provide customer service.
Even just for a minute so the bank tellers don't have to stress and the long line.
Union is just a giant scam to get your money.
Don't go there for an auto loan and definitely don't use the website.
I have been banking with citibank for over 10 years and love it!
I found an issue with one of my accounts, went in on 11/28/17, and the issue was fixed!
Customer service for merchants is poor.
I have always received good service here and i am always greeted.
Service can be slow but generally good customer awareness.
Customer service is so bad.
One teller and 15 people in the bank.
No common sense of business and money.
I'm a little surprised by the poor reviews of this branch of citibank.
As far as big banks go, citibank is not the worst, by far.
Love this bank, the tellers and the loan officer.
Double fees on all  overdrafts and extra 12 dollars for each day account is overdrawn.
Also, if your account is overdrawn, your debit card will still work...so they can charge you overdraft fees.
The people in the bank are very friendly and professional but its the exact opposite when you call in.
Bank here at your own risk.
Visited this location over the weekend to open a checking account and i had an amazing experience.
Happy they keep a notary service.
Many chase locations have quit this service- hate chase but this is a good branch
The customer service rocks in this place.
I opened account there only because my paychecks come from there and that its across the street from my apt.
Melissa renda provided outstanding service and has been prompt and responsive.
My mom needed to exchange some money for her trip to europe and yelp did not disappoint.
They even take whatever money you have left over to exchange back to dollars.
Very efficient and friendly service!
The best bank in us.
A very convenient chinatown bank
This bank has been here for a while now.
They are really big on customer service here.
They are quick and very efficent, they always thank you for banking here.
Nice place, and a good bank.
Professional and attentive service.
It's more like a credit union atmosphere, but with big bank services and convenience.
Clean and quiet bank.
I've been banking with chase when it was washington mutual and before that was great western.
You're in the retail customer service business.
Maybe instead of having someone stand at the reception desk doing nothing have them actually open another service window.
Great service, good value and fantastic people.
The way bank of america (and the maryland prkwy) branch conduct business is unacceptable.
As a merchant i need/ expect quick and efficient service.
They're always cheerful & helpful so i enjoy the service i receive.
I always go inside the bank so i can work with a regular teller.
I've been their customer for over 2 years and have always enjoyed my service and premiums!
Not a bank of america fan, but this was somewhat nice.
We're from out of town and don't have midfirst bank there.
We needed to withdraw a large amount of cash, but our bank doesn't have branches open on the weekend.
Midfirst bank saved the day!
If we had a midfirst bank branch in our hometown, i would seriously consider switching.
I was here yesterday and was so impressed with the customer service.
I brought my 81 year old mother in to open an account.
There isn't much customer service around these days, but he was amazing!!!
I would recommend this bank to anyone.
Chase bank always strives to meet all their customer needs but not this time!
I bet business customers get the fancy service.
It also very noisy in here with very little privacy for most the folks opening and servicing accounts.
However, closed on weekends n customer service ends with business day times.
And more folks here are waiting to talk to someone at a desk than any other bank i've ever been.
You know it's making tons of money for them.
She is very informative and her service is always on point.
(see pics)  not a cool situation if you're counting a lot of money on the counter.
4 people in seated banking section for over 30 mins
He gave me great advise and offered his services with my financial situation.
The service i recieved from these two individuals was 5 stars and 2 thumbs up.
Great products and great customer service will always keep me a member.
I will definately continue to bank with one nevada credit union and recommend this institution to everyone.
They don't charge a fee like banks.
Really quick in & out service.
Cons: i've had better service elsewhere.
She looked at me weird when i said i was in to pick up my money.
Matt was a dream to sit next to for an hour while setting up my account.
He helped me get my business account up and running smoothly!
Super grateful for this chase bank experience
Whatever you do, do not open an account at this branch.
The customer service here is absolutely horrible.
It's a shame, big banking has destroyed this bank.
Bbva compass has joined the ranks of banking zombies, you are a number and and not  a person.
My advice, never pay banking fees.
Not because it's safeway, but because they have longer banking hours than typical.
Over the top customer service!
I had an issue with a client who banked with bofa.
I want to especially thank jasmine s. and matt d. for their exceptional customer service.
When it comes time for me to open any new accounts, etc.
As a coldwell banker real estate professional i amvery cautious about the services i refer my clients to.
Now a month later we are closing on our house and needed home owners quickly for our loan.
I can't say enough about this bank and this branch.
David - one of the personal bankers is amazing.
Helpful, personable and even made opening an account for my kids an educational and fun experience.
Truly a community bank with a personal focus.
I already feel great about my decision to open my account with this branch.
Wanting a new loan or product?
Will be closing all my accounts with chase.
I don't use the foreign currency exchange services at this location anymore and here's why.
They are first a loan, jewelry and pawn company, but they are also experts in dispersing estate items.
I would give this bank negative stars if i could.
Pardon my language but what this bank did to me should get them shit down by the federal trade commission.
They just decide to shit down my account without telling me, notifying me or anything.
And it took two weeks to get the money that was in my account.
Please don't use this bank.
Great place to exchange money before leaving for an international trip!
Although this place is a little difficult to find, once there they provide fast and friendly service.
I've never had to walk out of a bank of america before this one.
I told him "wiring money" , he tells me to go ahead and wait in line to see a teller.
Haha, not too long indeed , i was 5th in line to see the one banking specialist.
So i left, it shouldn't take 2 hours of bs to get helped at a bank .
It's such a bank like thing to do.
I always feel like a burden when i arrive with my money form our coffee business.
Idk it's just a suggestion if you're supposed to be all about customer service?
Each of the times i've been in this location, i've experienced great service.
I love this bank, they have never given me a hassle  about any thing.
There vehicles are over priced, there service department is a joke, and there warranties are bs.
Meh, its a bank.
I began to deal with wells fargo because my girl scout troop banks there.
When told we were in limbo because we had just ordered new checks and hated to waste that money.
I look forward to banking here.
I have accounts at both chase and wells fargo.
When first opening up our accounts the atm cards we received did not properly line up to our accounts.
Once we got that settled, our online banking did not work.
It took four trips to the bank to get everything working okay.
Now, many times when i use online banking the site times out on me going from one page to another.
Hate this bank and will be moving my accounts elsewhere.
Our loan rate changed from our initial conversation and i've read that many felt they were deceived, we were not.
I have accounts at both chase and wells fargo.
I appreciate their friendliness and great customer service and will bank here for a long time to come.
Thanks to my visit at the bank today, my 3 year old daughter now owns coins from elvis presley's hay-day.
Service was excellent and the staff was really friendly
This has been my bank for years, it only gets better as the members increase.
There's atms everywhere, few charges, free checking and best of all online check deposit.
He asked for my name and said he was pulling up my account.
This bank is the absolute worst.
I came in over the weekend and they only had one banker working in the branch.
For my first time ever going into a chase branch in extremely disappointed of the lack of service they provide.
Being a client with the cathay bank for 3 years since it opens at vegas.
I really appreciate their excellent services.
Ms. nissha is very warm , precise, patiently answers every question we asked about our business account.
I opened my both saving and checking account with cathay bank since they have such  good services.
I still refer my friends and co-workers to  open  accounts with the bank.
I just want to say thanks for their dedicated services.
Nevada state bank is just implemented a new higher fee for cashing a check if you are a non-account holder.
They're charging you eight dollars just to cash a check made out to you by one of their account holders.
This is one of the reasons why i will never bank here.
12 people in line with two tellers and 3 bankers standing around talking!
Talk about horrible customer service!
I mean, expecting your bank to have a notary is not unrealistic.
This bank is horrible, always a long waiting line, even if there's 3 people in line they take for ever.
This location makes me want to change banks.
I hate this bank!
I have received excellent service from the staff here.
I really thought mr. basha took very good care of me and my accounts.
Their cars are amazing and the service is amazing!!!!
If you have your investments here, please be sure to close your accounts before you die.
I come to this bank every month to pay rent, and every month i am disappointed.
This is the worst branch of the worst bank i have ever dealt with.
Great service each and every time!!
The service is great, which makes up for their understaffed team.
Not the bank i frequent, but definitely helpful since its the closest to home!
What are the typical hours a bank is busiest during a weekday???
Horrible branch, they cant even do a bank xfer...failed twice.
Having business accounts and prior mortgage i expected this bank to be more courteous.
They post online that the bank is open until 6pm when it really closes at 5 pm.
I'm taking my accounts elsewhere; i hope some do the same.
This bank gets a total of five stars from me.
Mind you i frequent this banking center several times a week!
I've banked all over town and this bank is by far the best in customer service and bank fees.
The location is a bit out of the way but they do offer a great option for online banking.
The bank is just off the 215 on west russell and has a large parking lot.
Scott was excellent in getting out loan approved.
I love how the 24 hour atm service has the cash deposits built in.
This is a great convenience for tipped employees being we carry so much cash to the bank all the time.
The staff are friendly, professional and love the ability to park in front of the bank.
I went inside once last year and the staff was friendly and the bank was clean.
Your customer service skills need help.
I'll be back on saturday to close our account.
If fraud happens on your account.
Bank of wasting my time is what their name should be changed to.
I recently opened an account online with bank of america.
I asked why the account was being closed, and she told me that it was due to suspicious activity.
This bank is a joke!!!!
If you are american and working here in toronto, i would recommend you not use this bank!!
I've also been into the bank 5 times with no resolve;  which has been even more frustrating.
This chase does not know that customer service is.
Now i have to drive to the bank to get one question answered.
Do not bank with midfirst if you're a student!
I was never notified in any way that my account was over-drafted.
This is a student account.
Any other bank would have helped me out with this.
I've had several other student accounts with other banks.
Save yourself the grief of outlandish charges that you are not informed about and go to any other bank.
I want to note that this is not a reflection on any particular branch, it's the bank itself.
I absolutely love this bank location -- why?
Cuz david cruz is the most amazing banker everrr!!!
Exceptional customer service and goes above and beyond to help.
Best service i ever received at a financial institution.
It's all chase banks!
"no, i do not have banking account with you."
"because, i like my current [credit union] bank."
When i had to meet with a banker he was personable & very helpful!
This bank offers free online banking to its customers, there's always a problem with it!
Just another bank going down the tubes!
Very bad customer service.
Worst bank service ever!!!
Today was the worst customer service experience.
Bank of america this is extremely inappropriate.
I guess the bank itself is fine, i'm just very disappointed that they don't have a notary service anymore.
Even have another appointment this is the slowest bank in town.
Thinking it's time to find another bank
#poor management #horrible car selection #unmotivated staff #terrible customer service i wouldn't  refer my worst enemy to this dump.
I loved this bank, the tellers were friendly and they serviced the customers efficiently with little to no wait.
He allows poor customer service and long lines.
No open disclosure on those, then at the end of the month they appear on your bank statement.
I'm leaving and closing all accounts.
Not a lot of other big bank branches in the immediate area.
Slowest and most incompetent staff of any bank i've ever been too.
Opened a new account in less than 30 minutes.
Comes with amazing benefits such as retirement accounts and good loan rates for a new car or house.
The bankers at cathay bank are very friendly and efficient.
We came here for a wire transfer to escrow, and the bankers here offered very professional help.
Omg anyway, i couldn't thanks cathay bank more for their excellent service.
Their banker, kevin even give me a good follow up the next day.
I would recommend this bank to my clients.
If your bills can wait and your life can be put on hold until us bank has money, join them!
I do not like wells fargo banks!
I have a business account here that has myself and my 2 other business partners on it.
Guess i'll take my money down the street and open an account with some one that wants my business.
Had a great experience with holly making my banking quick and easy!!
Made my day and it's rare to get great customer service these days but this bank has it down!
The costumer service on this bank i terrible.
The slowest service i ever had when dealing for depositing money.
Still using the service just cause next to my place.
2 hours wasted on a work day for no service.
How can such a huge bank like td have such poor and lousy unorganized service?!
This bank is the worst.
The customer service varies from day to day depending on who i get.
She is a huge asset to this bank.
I'm always going to prefer a credit union over a traditional bank.
I recently needed to apply for a car loan and my first thought was to go through my credit union.
So i purchased a car, went back to the bank to sign the purchase and finance paperwork.
I'm hardly paying any money towards interest.
My bank wants to put a hold on it, understandable, but i need the money now.
So, i have to find a bank of america.
Bank of america, the employees at this location are saints.
They saved my life, or at least my gpa as that money went  towards desperately needed school books.
He and walked me through my business account and what i needed.
Then, he contacted the other departments to help get me set up with insurance and a merchant account.
My banker moved from stephanie to this crappy location!
I love chase and my banker .
But, if i can't get service anymore... why keep them
Bank with them since 2009 and decided to close my accounts with them yesterday.
Taylor is the personal banker assisted me today.
As a note this branch is inside albertsons but it had a teller and banking areas.
Even though this is not my bank, i go to bank of america every month to deposit rent.
We made the mistake of getting a construction loan through this bank to renovate our house.
First off, we were approved for the loan in early august, however, they couldn't get their paperwork completed until december.
All in all, we almost lost our contractor mid project because of the difficulty of working with this bank.
I use bank of america as a business account not a personal account.
Not so thrilled when it comes to personal accounts though considering their past history.
My husband held a personal account for a while but was quick to close it down
This bank really has the worst setup in terms of atms.
The bank is nice.
I have been banking here for a few years now, and i love it!
If you're going to hold my money hostage without manager approval, then you should have a manager be present!!!
(us bank in qc, az - and called the whole state looking for a manager).
The problem is desert school's online banking!
It's so frustrating that i might actually switch banks.
It says online banking is temporarily unavailable... every.
Figure it out already desert schools, you're losing customers because you can't do what every other bank is doing successfully!
I set up my first ever credit card with chase bank on their unlimited freedom card.
I have my refund from my taxes going into this account.
The teller tells me that when i opened the account they should have told me.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
The level of service, competitiveness of rates and ease of communication is genuinely outstanding.
Been coming to this bank for about 4 years.
Why now do i need the purchase a money order then deposit it into their account!
The worst bank i even been to!
Bank of america keep up the bad work!
Superior customer service and would definitely use them again!
After finding service fees for my 40+ year checking account i called the 800 # for wells fargo.
I was not pleased with the service on the phone so decided to walk into the branch on n. durango.
I am getting away from bank of america.
I opened a checking account and found out i will not have to pay fees.
The worst customer service ever!
I haven't received good service here any time i've come.
Good thing i can do most of my banking online now
This is the worst bank ever !!!
He said they haven't had drive thru service in three years !!
What a joke this bank is !!!
Bank of america has the worst customer service !!!!
You're a bank and you don't have drive thru service ??
The tellers at this bank, although friendly, are not very competent.
They do not pay attention to anything you write on the check, like the account number on the back.
I wish i could find a bank that actually cares about my business.
I had the worst customer service experience here.
I wanted to open a credit card with them, but the banker didn't care about my account or my time.
Never ask if i want to open an account or the usual sales stuff.
Great bank, i recommend it to everyone needing a bank.
Good service - but - and it's a big one...
You want your money in a federal credit union (not banks) when the banking collapse occurs fairly soon.
Your money will be safe there.
Helped me quickly get a replacement bank card when mine came up missing.
They have always made sure that all of my accounts that i have are meeting my needs still.
I have a lot accounts due to a company that i own.
This must be the las vegas customer service policy, sale and then stick it to them.
No troubles with this lorain national bank location.
He had great customer service and got us sat down and out in less than 5 minutes.
The service is always very slow at this location.
Walked in and no one was greeting or asking whether i need to talk to a banker or not.
I found a chair where the bankers offices were.
Got a banker finally.
She said in order to change my name on the account i need to submit documents... bla bla.
I am not here to update my account info and i never said that.
Then she could not pull up my account.
Whew--- i thought i went to a wrong bank or something.
Today i went to the bank to pay off a bank loan.
I also noticed that he personally greeted every customer that walked into the bank.
Thanks again for the great customer service.
This branch is not considerate of customer service.
I swear every single time i go to this bank the line is always long with only one teller working!
This bank is horrible.
I never had issues with the bank when it was lorain national.
The customer service is terrible and the bank manager at the amherst ohio branch is so rude.
I closed my accounts and took my business to chase bank....that was the best decision i have ever made.
Clean, nice bankers, no wait and friendly.
Worst experience in a bank i've encountered.
The incident we know of was at bank of america so we went there.
We have an account there.
I think at all wells fargo banks they have great customer service.
I went in for assistance with an account that would take five minutes to to resolve my issues.
I look over and the two bank tellers we talking, no one was at their desk.
Yhere was not one person in the loby.the customer service was ridiculous  i will not return to this location again.
What a skanky place to do your banking.
I would suggest only using the drive through, if this was the only location available, i would change banking institutions.
So i opened an account with associated.
I felt this was a sign and decided i would just close my account and go to uw credit union.
So i always had to be hypervigilant about not over-drafting my account.
I knew i was going to have to close this account.
I had to get her signature, even though she isn't on the account.
Went to empty my account and close it, however can't close it because i have one transaction pending.
I have been banking here for my business since 2014.
They got my online business account access fixed.
Hope we can keep this small bank relationship in the big bank world.
Good thing i managed to get a loan somewhere else quick and easy and without getting my credit score checked.
I get paid this week and will pay loan and give that place 5 star.
****  four years ago, i refinanced with the very big bank that's been in the news.
I felt hassled and beleaguered right up until the loan was approved.
My closing costs for this loan really and truly amounted to $295*.
In recent years they have expanded their mortgage loan program to other states, including mine.
She has saved me money on car insurance, home owners insurance, life insurance, and renter's insurance.
Today, years later, i am able to call up her team and get the best service anytime, day or night.
They didn't pocket the money.
Every once in a while i'll experience great service, but it's very rare.
I was also supposed to get new checks for getting the new account.
But then later found out the dealer ship went to another bank with out me knowing about.
One of the bankers called me to inform me the application wasn't with desert school.
The interest rate was 3.2% with the other bank.
Worst service with inexperienced tellers.
No two employees can get their story straight regarding my loan.
The largest credit union yet one nev customer service sucks!
I'm closing my account tomorrow!
Making deposits to out of state accounts now made difficult with removal of cash deposit option.
Having an account for years with multiple products doesn't count for loans, even so other banks offer this option.
Closing the account was a frustrating process.
The only thing that makes this bank good, is the fact that the banking representatives are friendly.
This is the worst bank ever.
Even some of my friends who have accounts there feel the same way.
I will move my accounts to a different bank.
Cmcu is fine as long as you don't expect any service in real life.
Review on customer service @ drive thru wow- 18 mins wait at the drive-thru( and i was the only car).
Dum ass still didn't follow directions when i told her how i wanted my money.
I am an accountant and i have been in canada for more than 30 years.
I recommend this bank to my friends and family.
Inside the us bank branch they have arrangement with a company that provides foreign currency.
So why the negative review for us bank?
I get much better customer service at my mega bank.
This review is for the personal banking side.
I waited for an hour while the lobby was empty to see a personal banker.
I finally just went to the teller and pulled out money and will be going to another location after work.
Awful customer service, chad (manager) along with other staff are rude, unapologetic, lack knowledge of their own processes.
Don't go here for your banking.
Their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent.
Also beware of their popmoney fee.
I tried using the service without success and was forced to cancel the transaction.
Moral of the story: research banks before you leave one and join another.
I hate having to go into the bank to stand in line to do my banking.
And i don't like spending what little time i do have waiting at the bank.
Normally i would be disappointed but it's okay when we're talking about banks.
Anyways, banking here has always been a joy.
Just opened an account with wells fargo and had an excellent experience.
They answered all my questions and made the process of setting up a new account extremely easy.
Talk about great customer service!!!
As a business owner, customer service is a top priority.
My company has a business loan with stearns, and has never been late nor asks for special accommodations.
I've only had the loan for three months, and he's demanding five legal documents.
I'd supplied dozens of documents, credit reports, bank statements, tax papers, and more, to qualify for the loan.
I recommend anyone avoid stearns bank because of mr. mistler.
The customer service here is outstanding!!
I come here once per month to deposit for commercial accounts for my business rent.
I would never put business or personal accounts here.
Go to nevada state bank...way better customer service and i only wait 5 minutes at the most.
Paula told me i was approved for a refinance of my auto loan.
Unknowingly, my credit card would be tied to my auto loan as a cross collateral file.
I soon then became behind on both loans.
I was a month behind on my auto loan and 3 months behind on my credit card.
Shannon was the worst customer service agent i have ever experienced in my life.
I advised everyone to never operate business with charlotte metro credit union because the service is horrible.
Please never bank with them with anything.
Walked in after work to open basic checking account with a money order from walmart for $100.
Female banker treated me like trash from the moment we met.
Pushed using prepaid deposit card rather than checking account because, "i'm sure you don't need a checking account."
I asked for the account choices collateral to make my decision.
I went outside and called chase customer service.
Avoid this bigoted bank.
I come here to use the shared branch services; as im from down south!!!
I receive the best service at this location, especially from eddie,the assistant manager.
This bank is a joke!
Bank somewhere else if you care about your money and your accounts.
I finally had to close my account because they were not gonna do anything about it.
When i close my account they didn't even ask why.
If you've got your money in this bank i recommend you change banks immediately!
I had 6 equipment loans with these people and would pay them all on the same day of the month.
They always got payed, i payed the loans off early so i wouldn't have to hear from them
These are beautiful people and they give great service.
This is the service that i know about wells fargo.
Spending more money on it to get fixed then able to drive it.
It's definitely time to switch banks.
Apllied for heloc, customer service was good.
So glad we quit bofa and switched to a smaller bank that cares.
Midfirst bank is what banks used to be back in the day.
We have hardly any bank frees and atm fees charged by other banks are reimbursed to our account.
We've had nothing short of amazing service with this company.
This is the worst bank in phoenix.
I changed both my personal and business accounts from chase due to there lack of tellers.
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
I applied for the online account and opened with $50.
The account was closed by them because i had a change of address that was not reported to them.
My money is my money until it serves my purpose.
The audacity of the representative to offer for me to apply for a new account.
They have made all 3 loans i have had through them a very quick and easy process.
I really like this bank, my only negative is the lack of bank locations.
A completely serviceable branch in bloomfield.
It is sad to watch a formerly good bank go downhill.
Cancelling my sister-in-law's debit card because her husband had one on the sane account.
These issues do not exist at more consumer friendly banks.
I am down to two accounts and when the last automatic debits end i can close those out too.
You are a bank and don't even carry $2000 .
I stood in line 25 minutes just to be told you were out of money .
The employee still works there....my accounts are now closed.
They are under alot of presure to open new accounts.
I will never get an account with them ever in life.
Worse customer service at a location ever experienced..
I'll start from the beginning, but we had just withdrew money from an atm at about 4pm on a thursday.
Decided to head out for the night and tried to take more money out and the card was "compromised".
So already being out we couldn't access our account.
Bank is a joke, that's why i left them and now my fiancé will be closing his account as well!
We used to enjoy banking here.
However, our accounts have been compromised several times.
I was very offended by any mention of religion at a bank, or anywhere for that matter.
Key.com is an online bank that has 14 locations in the ne united states.
I am referring to loan payments, where, yes i am trying to give them money and they make it impossible.
I will never sign up for a loan with them again and do not recommend them to anyone!
Also, unlike the other major banks, u.s. bank still has good (and affordable) checking services.
*one caveat: the 1-800 call center for u.s. bank is extremely rude and unhelpful.
We always stop at this chase bank on saturday mornings during our walk around the farmers market.
5 stars, capitol chase bank rocks!
They sent me offers to open accounts and then failed to give me the money promised.
Who's robbing who at this bank?
Wow thats what i call customer service!!
Though not open on sundays, for sunday banking go visit the branch at mccowan and bullock!
Never had issues getting anything notarized with this bank.
Time to move my money to a bank that actually gives services ???
I've been recently making account deposits for work at this bank.
Bank tellers are always friendly and welcoming!
There are three bank tellers in their lobby and two drive-thru lanes outside.
If i didn't already do my personal banking elsewhere, i'd gladly open an account here.
However service inside the bank is professional and friendly for the most part.
Kinda sorta like a small town bank feel at times which is pretty awesome.
They no longer send you a vehicle loan statement, but rather charge you $2.00 for a statement!
I didn't think that a bank could lose money .
I went to make a payment a few days later and found out my money was not in my account.
Called the bank and they had no idea where my money had gone.
But the money did not reflect where i could see it.
They lost my money and that was there excuse of where it was.
This place has horrible service.
We were finally helped by an old banker who sits in the first outside desk.
Your branch has horrible service.
One nevada credit union and financial service representative dawn craig, awesome!!!!
I transferred all of my accounts from chase, which offers poor customer service at most local branches.
They were charging a $5/month fee on my checking account.
The worst financial decision i made in the last 10 years was opening an account with them.
I don't understand why banks don't have all tellers working on the weekends.
Needless to say we will be closing our account after the wire transfer is complete.
As always, the employees were cheerful, courteous, and didn't try to offer you any unneed services.
Nothing worse than going to the bank and spending 20 - 30 minutes in line .
I called the keybank corporate headquarters this morning to request the contact information for the company's legal department.
I called back again to request a manager and instead i was transferred to a local bank.
I am in shock at the level of immaturity and the lack of customer service.
Not only is she beautiful, but she'll save or make you a lot of money.
Please explain to me why bank of america continues to build new banks and understaffs them.
The drive up is closed and they have one personal banker in her office on the phone.
They were able to close my loan 20 days faster than other lenders.
My son wanted to open s new account and waited at their concierge desk several minutes with no help.
Can you believe it, a bank that doesn't open accounts due to no staff and no time.
Several disappointments from this bank.
5 star service all the way!
Wanted to thank edina for helping me take of a fee i had on my account.
So i've had account with this bank for what seems forever!!
Stay tuned for more because the call center customer service might change this review.
The parking is kinda horrid but the service is great.
Worst customer service i have ever received from a bank!
I do not recommend opening an account with this branch in particular!
Also, they make you wait 2 days to get your money if you use their atm to deposit a check!
There are much better banks than this one!
After a long time wasted they told me they were not able too cash it unless i opened an account.
The manager was inept he just wanted me to open an account with them.
I had boa in the pass they charge you for everything they're probably the worst bank ever.
Third time at this bank ...
I was trying to deposit a check in my daughters account, and according to him that is not allowed.
I love this bank (and this particular location.)
They're always so helpful and professional and i've never had a problem with them unlike other banks i've dealt with.
The banker possibly the branch manager there was wonderful.
I do not bank with them personally, but i come to this branch pretty often to conduct transactions.
The service could be friendlier and more efficient.
I have been with this bank since 1998 and have never exerienced any problems.
If you need a solid bank with very competent employees try wells fargo.
He asked me a couple questions and before i knew it i had a checking and savings account.
Bank of america no longer allows a chashiers check to be made out to a p.o.
What is the problem with the customer service at this branch!
And the line inside bank is always long.
This bank has had this issue.
I have talked to associates inside the bank ,several times.
Please go somewhere else to bank.
Ran into this branch to talk to a business banker madeline.
Very rude and unprofessional will never go back to this bank.
Let me preface this story with a few facts: boyfriend and i are money idiots.
I currently have three banks: wells fargo, desert schools, and chase.
I haven't been to this bank on the weekends because it is by my work.
This bank does not care about you as a person and does not work with small to medium businesses.
Don't bank with these nbaz you be sorry like i was.
I went in because my account was negative $300 and i was not the one who did it.
I was pointed to a banker joey who was amazing.
He talked to the fraud department for me set up my new bank account and made everything smooth and payment.
They were even able to get me my stolen money back using the banks fraud insurance thing.
Why does it take 1.5 hours to open a business account in 2018?
Get with the times chase and teach your reps about trying to please clients with good customer service please.
Its saturday morning and the bank is out of quarters.
Question to self and employees is this is a bank correct?
This bank is horrible.
This was just the tip of the iceberg that made me close my account.
Do not bank with wells fargo.
I stopped into see erin, who is a business banker, for a quick notary today.
You are a bank!
Hate this place, will be moving all our money soon...,
Actual bank is on first floor of high rise on central.
Bank of a long ass wait?
I say b of a...bank of america!
They were also very accommodating with my service dog who was with me.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
Pnc bank needs to be looked into...
I have a fannie mac first mortgage with wells fargo and a second mortgage with pnc bank, formerly national city.
Account is in good standing, excellent credit, with a solid employment record.
No courtesy..... didn't  to try and accommodate me for my situation after 13 years with this bank.
Truly dissapointed in the service at this location.
Key bank is simply ripping their customers off.
If you are ok with incompetent young people handling your money, then hang out here
Deposited a cheque and then went downstairs to longos to spend my money.
Small bank with long lines,sometimes you can see people waiting in line when you pull up.
I have been banking with them for over two years, they have been very helpful maintaining my account.
The service is excellent, along with very friendly people.
That being said they are some of the nicest banking industry people i have ever had to deal with.
My teller was the utmost in knowledge and customer service.
Overall wells is a great bank and i am very proud of being in business with him.
Customer service was unable to help me, so i will have to resort to mailing my payment in each month.
No empathy from the people at the bank just stoic faces.
I know i  don't have to open an account just because i'm depositing in some else account.
This rep is judgemental by looks no customer service no professionalism.
I'm not coming back to this bank.
Truely fantastic service i've had with them.
I opened an account online and went to the branch to make the initial deposit.
I'm going to cancel my account and do my business elsewhere.
I had an issue with a money order that required a stop pay and reissue.
Perfect banking location right off the freeway.
I give them more stars for service inside.
Who still banks here??
They have the slowest service ever.
I am so pleased with this bank.
I'm so happy i closed my b of a account and switched to these guys.
Its been almost a year since opening my nbaz account and life is good.
These guys provide real personal service.
It varies vendor to vendor, and not 100% under the bank's control.
I would definitely recommend this bank to anyone who asked.
One of the appealing things that originally brought me here was their low direct deposit requirement to waive bank fees.
Immediately after my purchase i contacted the salesman and service department regarding a gear shifting issue.
He stated that he sees i don't take my vehicle to them for service.
If you do go, do not expect any kind of customer service whether it be sales or service.
I called for information regarding a new home purchase, getting a loan for a home.
I'm very familiar with the loan process.
The worst bank i have ever dealt with.
I really don't wish to write a bad review, but the staff are rude, lazy and the services is horrible.
I've had nothing but bad experience with this bank.
I'm only writing this review, because i've had a negative experience every time i've been to this bank.
Wells fargo next door is miles ahead in customer service.
They have no customer service skills whatsoever.
Awesome friendly service every time i go in for my banking needs!
Never have had any problems banking at this location.
This rbc branch has a bank concierge, and she remembered my name the next day.
Never had any problems with this bank like i have with other banks in the past.
Open your account here!
I would never bank here!
I would never be here if i didn't have to make a deposit in someone else's account.
Go see steve across the street at citibank.
Best decision you will ever make in banking.
Always great service !
They don't give free money lol but it helps to know the right people
Ani may be one of the worst "customer service" representatives.
Dude, you're a freaking national bank!
I hate going to the bank but these employees make it not so bad.
I think this is actually the best banking experience i've ever had.
I've never had any negative account issues.
Good location as far as banks go.
See luz as an account manager.
I've seen customers yell at your customer service representatives because of this.
This bank is horrible.
They have the worst customer service.
I had to do a transaction for someone who is a customer at the bank.
Send up get money.
I will never be a member at this bank.
I'm not crazy about my bank either.
But at least the customer service is much better.
I'm not moving my business accounts there either.
I just kind of felt like i was a burden and that i was lucky to have my money there.
But it's not worth the lack of customer service and attention.
Went in today to do the job i hate the most each month-wire money into my loan at home.
Total disappointment that cost me a lot of money!
This review i'm writing isn't for a particular chase bank.
Chase bank is all about getting there money not helping the customer.
There customer service is the worst i've seen by any bank in years.
I suggest if you banking go elsewhere.
Yvonne gave me excellent service and went above and beyond to make sure all my needs were met.
This bank sucks so bad!
Customer service is down the drain.
What else can you say about a bank?
Bofa has gone down hill and has very poor customer service!
Cmcu this credit union is engaging in the same shady business as banks.
I asked if the atm dispensed usd and was given a line of "bank machines can't calculate exchange rates".
I am back and the only difference is that i got even better service this time!
Btw: brittany singh (personal banker) helped me and she was amazing!
I have found the customer service to be friendly and helpful.
I have been a loyal customer of scotiabank for 7 years.
I would recommend banking somewhere else.
The absolute worst customer service of any bank.
Well, this is the precise reason big banks have such a bad reputation.
I went in to open a savings acct.
Just a place to plant some money and take advantage of the $200 bonus they were giving.
The banker was pleasant, but (and this is big for me) she did not follow up how she promised to.
I decided to open a checking recently for an additional bonus.
Again, the banker was pleasant enough but no follow up there either.
I give our loan originator, mr. ariel jessop with peoples mortgage in salt lake city.
Having ariel jessop doing our loan, with on time closing and contingencies shorter than usual.
Their customer service is the worst!!!
The line was literally to the door and people could not get in the bank!
I am in this bank 3x week and i feel sorry for the tellers.
I guess their service makes up for the ridiculous service fees.
Vibe  think of a bank.
My teller told me about the e-savings account that i can withdraw from at any time without charge.
But now my savings are automated and i learned some new stuff along the way.
But seriously, lovely lovely service here.
This used to be my favorite bank location.
I love love love this bank!!!
Thank you alex and rana for being such great bankers.
I'll never ever leave this bank!!
I initially opened an account with cmcu because they had better auto loan rates than other comparable financial institutions.
To get that rate, i was forced to open- and keep open- a savings account with a minimum $25.00/balance.
After dealing with over a year of medical illness and hospitalizations, i fell behind on that loan.
I'm very disappointed with chase bank.
Okay chase bank i will re deposit it in another bank and close this one.
Never banking here again.
One of the last great banks around.
We recently moved to the buckeye area from out of state and needed a new bank.
We looked around and decided on us bank.
Within a few minutes a young lady named dalila helped us open our account and we were on our way.
Everything i've had to go into the bank to do has been a pleasant experience.
Worst bank in u.s. history.. hope they go bankrupt!!
Worst customer service- they don't know how to treat people!!
If i could give this bank zero stars i would.
So, i'm giving layal and her branch five stars for the excellent service and experience i received.
Absolutely the worst bank of america i have ever experienced.
Terrible customer service, ridiculously long lines and never a smile from tellers.
I have a checking acct with a different bank.
I can't stand banking here.
I can't believe they aren't open til 6pm on mon- thurs like other banks!
Just don't bank here.
The car loan and savings what is not revealed to me and a court order had to be produced.
I hate dealing with banks.
I cannot stress this enough i hate dealing with banks.
But at least this bank has a great manager brendon anytime i have a issue he resolves it fast.
I would not advise anyone to bank here.. the staff was courteous but not loyal.
They froze my account, couldn't get my funds.
Drive up service is never more than 1 teller at a time.
Sitting here for 40 minutes waiting for a banker who apparently cant stop chatting and help other clients.
Horrible.. decided to close all my accounts with them.... rude staff.
Stopped here today to deposit some cash and change my name on my accounts, as i recently got married.
She informed me that a banker would have to help me.
So, i signed in and waited for a banker.
I waited for 10 minutes and the sleeping woman was called into a banker's office.
Sounds like it would be easier to just switch banks at this point...
Us bank currently handles all my business checking needs and they only needed my driver's license to change my name.
Staff and tellers have poor customer service.
This location has the best customer service.
Excellent service....happy to help.
I have to agree, service at this location is terrible.
This is a busy bank and there is alway a line and people waiting in the lobby.
This location need more personal bank tellers to help customers.
The worst banking center ever.
Really crummy customer service, in a neighborhood of many small businesses.
There were three bank tellers wearing the blue shirt uniform with one manager supervising (new trainees?).
Speedy trip to the bank- nice & easy.
Formerly wamu, there are so many locations of chase bank throughout the city and beyond.
This whole bank is a complete joke!
I had an account for 4 months and finally said screw it and closed it.
I'm the only account holder here.
My wife has no bank account.
The teller says to me "your wife needs to be on the bank account to cash these."
11/30/17 this bank( not the branch, per-se) has completely failed in so many ways.
I have been locked out of my accounts for over a week now.
I will probably switching banks again.
I have gone through about 4 banks in the past 6 months.
So, with some banks, federal payroll hits direct deposit on saturday mornings of the week prior to actual payday.
They take pride in taking care of their customers and making sure to give fast and courteous service.
The worst bank in az.
There is 6 windows in this bank and only one teller working every single day.
Corporate needs to fix this bank and its staff and make sure it runs as a bank should be.
Once again i advise nobody to go to this bank they will waist your time.
Very very horrible customer service.
I called ahead to make an appt to open a significant trust account.
Now that they knew i had significant money i could all of a sudden get an appt.
I wasn't the only angry customer at bank of america today.
Customer service is horrible!!!!!!
Stay away from this place as a matter of fact stay away from bank of america in general.
I stopped at this branch last week to open a business checking account.
I went in and opened a business checking account, no appointment necessary.
I'm also moving my personal accounts from chase.
This is the worst bank.
They say they are a personal bank but they don't help at all.
My account was compromised and the "personal service" was poor.
Do not bank at this bank.
This bank assigned a family member to the power of attorney that was not requested to be on..
When sought to correct, this bank escalated things to the police in order to prevent correction.
The result was the son getting barred from the bank for life because he asked why the bank did that.
The bank had no sympathy for the family member and only took actions in their own interests.
This bank and all of its corporate managers where aware of the events.
Please highly consider this review before banking or continuing to bank with first commonwealth bank.
The service is friendly and the locations are convenient there is  a branch in most cities in northeast ohio.
I'm a little old fashioned when it comes to my money.
I still go into the bank to get money and cash checks.
I recommend third federal to anyone looking for good service from a responsible bank without a bunch of silly fees.
Not a fan of this bank of america location compared to others.
It's a shame because i'm usually a fan of bofa banks!
This bank is an awful choice for small business.
Charges for depositing too much cash in a month, high monthly service charges, etc.
They aren't any good for personal checking either.
This banking center is horrible!
The staff are nice and pleasant, but the service quality definitely leaves something good to be desired.
At the busiest part of the day, they decide to send all but one of their bank tellers on break.
And then the hostess says "thank you for spending you time" in their bank.
The stars are only because the service here is good.
The bank itself sucks.
They are the worst with mortgages and loans.
This bank personnel is friendly and very helpful.
The parking is sometimes impossible but overall this one gives good service with a horrible bank.
This is my bank, this is the only one i'll go to in tempe.
This guy has taken care of me and really saved me money.
I got out of a bad contract with another bank and they really helped me out.
Very small bank that does not have a large amount of traffic.
It is one of the friendliest neighborhood banks in the valley.
I now know more about the services bofa has to offer and a new friend.
I have not been super impressed lately with service.
When the last bank manager was there - it was not this way.
Thank you amerifirst and karen moon/team for restoring my faith in the mortgage loan process.
I rarely write online reviews but i am very impressed with the customer service at this office.
What can i say...its a bank.
People are always freindly and they give me my money when i need it.
The big banks claim to care, but in fact you know they could care less.
The bank itself is usually very slow.
Being in texas i had to send an auto loan check to hold the car.
It's a bank with a drive up atm - what more can i say?
Money gram users beware.
It's only a $1 to give a money gram but 6% when you go to cash it.
Insults customers with ridiculous force sales and opens accounts and services without asking.
I am giving national bank one star because technically they do function as a "bank."
We ended up having to tap our 401k to pay what the bank had promised they would advance.
We also inquired around that time as to which accounts for which interest rates.
I would bank with a mason jar in my backyard before i would bank with these people.
National bank of arizona top rating in ranking arizona is an utter and complete sham.
I've never been inside this place - i never go inside banks really anymore.
Excellent and outstanding service from everyone in the branch.
The service my husband and i received from christina crabtree and peoples mortgage company was amazing.
Io have to start by saying i love boa online banking and atms.
If you have business banking to do stay far far away from this boa.
Why do i keep my money here?
Oh yeah online banking, humm i think i am ready for a change!
I am very happy with this bank.
Customer service is a top priority the people that work there are knowledgeable and friendly.
But most of all the service dept.
My account has been with this branch for 15 years.
Only 2 other customers in the bank.
Customer service person that greeted me was learning how to use her ipad.
I walked to the next bank down the street, compass, and got the document signed right away.
If you want good customer service, avoid bofa.
I am not a customer of this bank, and after my experience today, i never will be.
Upon entering the bank, it had a nice feel to it, and there wasn't a line.
At this point i grew frustrated, because the check was cut by the bank, not by the original payer.
He sent me a screenshot from his wf account.
I was in desperate need of a loan and took the survey while waiting to be approved.
I've had loans from other places that weren't quite as outrageous with their finances as rapid cash.
Good customer service but they are soooooo slow.
I am so glad that i opened an account at this credit union!
Their customer service was great as well as their follow up!
We had both of the loans done in less than a week signed and checks mailed out !
The lady at the service counter, toni was very kind and helpful.
The bank itself is where my problem is.
Also i lost my bank card and they sent me a new one in the mail.
I was out of town and stick on a weekend not being able to get money out.
I was going to setup a business account with chase and his mansplaining was terrible.
Not the location to do any transaction that requires a banker.
Walked in today to open another account, and they said i had to make an appointment.
I went saturday to transfer money from my chase rewards/chase freedom credit card.
Only 2 bankers on duty, while the cubicles were empty.
A lady helped me out by dialing the number to transfer the money to my checking account.
I feel like bank of america has become the walmart of banks.
I have a business account with this bank and we keep it here because of her.
It's refreshing to deal with her each and everytime i come to the bank.
She is a great face for the bank.
She's wonderful and this bank needs more employees like her.
I dread going into this bank.
Every time i go to that bank the line for the tellers is long and the wait is long.
They only have 2 tellers and the bankers and greeter mill around like they have nothing to do.
There was always a live customer service rep available during business hours.
What a great surprise stumbling across this bank!
I opened both a savings and checking account here.
In fact, if you use a non-midfirst bank atm, they will refund you the service fees.
How refreshing with the current state of banking.
Even after paying a 24 month loan off in 11 months we only saved $1695 in interest.
This will not be your choice for financial services if you are a business.
The branches are fine for personal transactions and the basics but they cannot compete with the big banks.
Was never treated this way at chase and she made me feel appreciated for bringing my business to us bank.
Highly recommend this us bank branch and amber the personal banker.
They even helped me with a vehicle loan & 401k rollover from a previous job.
I received most excellent customerservice here - and im not even a customer!
If i decide to get a bank account, itll probably be here.
Ive been banking with wells fargo since 1996 and i've some minor problems but not much.
I prefer banks that when you go in they know you.
My husband and i opened a checking account with them today.
Shauna was the banker that set up our account.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
The service is always fast and the employees are very friendly.
I hope this bank never changes!
I had a previous address in ca when my parents made a account.
I would like to cancel their service right away after i get what i want.
I have had to ask for many notary services and various complicated requests while trying to settle my brother's estate.
Kristin petersen and juan galindo have been especially helpful and have gone to extra lengths in customer service.
They will not get my money treating me like this !
Personal bankers are nowhere in sight.
We use to have our business checking accounts there about 5 years ago.
As i mentioned, have not bank at the scottsdale location for many years.
Stay away from compass bank.
I'm a new wells fargo customer and was trying to get my account going today.
Jennifer rivera (banker) was so helpful and friendly in helping me with my needs.
At least it's all over with and i'm now all good to go with my checking account.
Overall service was okay.
I have been a customer of bank of america for over 25 years.
I in person go in and transfer funds from my checking account to pay off my credit card every month.
It's crazy how any other bank i've ever gone to everyone is so happy and helpful.
Would literally drive 20 minutes to another bank so i don't have to deal with them again.
As such, do not, under any circumstances, trust the banker samir.
I don't get why there service is terrible.
I will never ever go back to this bank.
When you have more people working the drive-thru and 10 personal bankers it just doesn't make sense?
Why would chase assign a personal banker for location i've never been too??
They asked me to come in to meet my personal banker.
I get to the bank at 5 like i was asked.
For my personal banker to tell me i have the right accounts.
Was looking for a new bank that is available everyday and closes later than all the other banks.
It will show on your account initially, but after it officially goes through the fee is taken out.
So overall i really like this bank.
Slowest bank i have ever gone to.
This is technically my banking location.
Now my account is actually set up for atm use only.
It just seems like banks have done away with the personal touches that used to be commonplace.
Just wish banking was more personal like the old days so i could rate my experience higher.
I just closed my account at the tempe branch.
The online banking platform is terrible, there are no atms.
When i asked why, the bank manager replied by asking me 'who uses an atm anymore'.
I accidently over drafted the account by 30 bucks.
I can't see why anyone would ever bank with an institution that offers so little in technology and non-empowered employees.
Thanks for reminding me why i no longer bank here regularly...
I like this cibc as it is conveniently located in bayview village and has an entrance leading to the bank.
It is never overrun, so you can get your day to day banking done without having to wait.
This place is by far the worst place as a bank in history.
This is the worst bank ever.
Terrible service they were rude and inconsiderate.
Thy definitely have wonderful customer service
College kid, 2 accounts, 1 mistake.
Some banks advertise 24 hr grace etc.
As a business owner, a good working relationship with your bank is key.
Went through the drive through today for the first time, fast service.
Would go back if i ever needed a bank close to me to use.
This is review is for 'those 2 loan guys', david butcher and albie anderman..and their awesome assistant lacy!
If you're looking for insurance, vehicle loans/mortgages or even investing options - call this place!
They can get to your money but you cant.
The second chance account sucks!
The customer service sucks, the employees seem angry all the time.
I went to the nevada state bank closest to my house.
To the  2nd supervisor that made excuses for the bad customer service this bank offers.
I have been to no less then 5 branches and always offered exemplary customer service.
I won't stop banking with nevada state bank just staying a way from this poorly run office.
Every time i come in this bank there is a huge line and one bank teller working the line!
Avoid this bank if you have to go in!!
I've had an account with arizona central credit union for years and i love them.
They have excellent customer service and low fees.
Glad money was spent getting new name tags instead of more tellers.
Unfortunately, i have to come here because my job banks with you guys.
I'm glad i don't personally bank with you anymore not will i ever again.
Since i've started going back here on a regular basis i havent been pressured into opening up another account.
They tell it will be 20 minutes to see a banker.... an hour later... wtf.
No accountability no customer service skills...  horrible.
First of all this bank is very close to my home.
This is the only bank i have  ever seen do this.
Extra parking in bank.
Please, please, please...stay away from this bank.
In all my years of banking, i have never come across such a lack of professionalism or work ethic.
So many issues with this bank...too numerous to mention.
Lost a $360 check that i was given a receipt for and deposited to the account.
I've been banking with busey for 7 years.
I will be closing both of my accounts after this horrible experience.
My wife and i had discovered online that bbva compass offers a money market account with a 1.242% interest rate.
We went to this branch to open an account.
We were told that the money market interest rate is 1.000%.
This place has got to rank #1 for worst customer service ever!!
Very unhappy with this branch and subsequent attempts to get "customer service" afterward.
I tried the banking center several times that day, no one answered.
Sigh....i had to call the customer service number back and explain again my entire story.
The representative insisted i must have deposited the money saturday.
I'll be looking for a new bank!
She was a very rude individual that has no customer service.
Transferring money takes seconds.
She would not leave me alone and i finally said i need to deposit a check into my savings.
Especially when the customer knows more about banking then they do.
They have great rates on loans for members and many quality services, which should really be called 'conveniences'.
I have banked there for years and will continue to so.
Terrible service one teller on first monday of the month .
Good service at every branch i've visited (wt harris, sunset, huntersville, central avenue).
This is the best bank i've ever had.
My complaint isn't with the everyday bank itself.
Great bank for my business account.
This bank is horrible with customer service.
He need to take more class or review the banks policy to learn to to treat his customers.
Looking into changing banks.
Ya the cheques take forever - but the cheque company is d&h which isn't scotiabank.
That's just what happens at any bank when you deposit a cheque from a different country.
He's cool, sharp, and actually cares about my accounts.
I've tried other banks, and so far i'm sticking with scotiabank.
Came for notary service and the only person certified was out.
Bank rep could not tell me what other bofa branch had a notary available.
Told me to purchase service at ups store.
Went to us bank on baseline and notary was available and parking easy.
Overall service was okay, but i waited for about 10 minutes before i was helped.
This is the worst credit union or banking establishment that i have ever dealt with.
I have closed all my accounts due to their unprofessional and incompetence employees.
I will bank with other institutions that value my business
Top this off him and the personal bankers at this branch are rude, and unhelpful.
Note to third federal - i might suggest holding your appraisers accountable to explain how they came up with comps.
Otherwise, you are just alienating potential customers and wasting money.
Worst customer service ever from a bank.
Would recommend going elsewhere for better service.
College kids managing the bank?
I have had a better service at gas stations.
The staff is extremely friendly and will ensure that you're satisfied with the services they provide.
She wanted to know if i'd be opening an account just for the currency exchange.
Her rather straightforward, no-mincing-word-talk sounded like this bank just wanted to make money, not to nurture loyal customers.
I don't recommend this bank.
Need to go to the bank teller?
I literally would rather go to the dentist then this bank.
Pros:  - online banking is good.
I have multiple accounts and they are very polite and helpful with all of my questions and banking needs.
The best loan service i've ever experienced.
In this era of loan complexities and hoops to jump through, peoples mortgage, specifically shelley williams, were outstanding.
Chad s. was great with taking care of my banking in a super fast manner.
When checking in to it, they are going to start charging me, for no particular reason.
They are a very unreasonable bank to deal with.
When i find another bank, i will be moving on.
Ricky khamis did an amazing job of educating my buyers and keeping the loan on track throughout the whole process.
Definitely impressed with the customer service.. thank you joanna morris .
I've had multiple loans with this institution, and wouldn't consider looking elsewhere.
This company has specialized in residential mortgage loans for decades, and it shows in their service level.
Mark helped me set up my new account.
This is a newer bank of america branch, conveniently located off of i-17 and bell.
There are drive thru and walk up atm's, and the customer service is excellent.
Lines can be long, but service is always great there.
We've been happy with the service overall.
The personal bankers here are all great though!
There isn't an excuse that can justify the service people receive at this location.
This will really hurt my credit score if i close down the first account and do this.
The money was deducted from my account and hopefully this is just a small glitch that will be straightened out.
With all this outsourcing i am questioning if i'd do better to switch back to a local bank.
My wife and adult son moved their accounts there as well.
They provide personal attention and take care of my banking needs very well (so far).
I do most of my banking online.
Fees for accounts and services are free or very low.
My banking needs are pretty simple and the size of cicu is a great fit for me.
If you are shopping for a place to do your banking pay them a visit!
There are only a few things i expect from a bank:  - keep the lines moving.
They will rape you any chance they can get and their customer service is a complete joke.
I wouldn't wish this bank on my worst enemy!
As with many businesses in greenfield - chain or local - the service and friendliness is top notch.
I suggest utilizing the tool provided to check for counterfeit money.
Also, fyi the federal reserved has passed bad money to several banks to over the years.
Another tid bit, if if it wasn't for the people your banking instution would not be in operation!
On saturday, i needed to deposit some money in my chequing account and decided to pay this location a visit.
Both the gentleman and i did our banking there, along with an existing customer pressing away at the screen.
Terrible customer service super slow unfriendly tellers.
I usually just deposit into my chase account.
She handed me my money and started staring at her computer screen.
I've switched most of my accounts to alliance bank but still have a federal employee withholding account with the bank.
Does anyone at bofa do banking anymore?
I honestly believe bofa has made a strategic decision to be the bank for the masses.
Top notch customer service!
The best bank in town.
The bankers truly​ go above and beyond to take good care of their customers.
Helpful customer service folks and even extra people on duty when the atm was down.
If only the real estate aspect of chase was as good as the banking side.
I seriously don't remember and of my other banks taking this long to process a check.
I don't see any purpose in banking with them, so i'm closing my account immediately.
Do not open an account with them.
If i didn't have a mortgage payment i would not even have an account at this stupid bank.
I love banking here.. going to be moving a car loan over here..
I treat this as my home td branch and have opened several accounts here.
Awesome bank in a safeway.
If you value your hard earned money or your well being i strongly suggest going to another dealership.
Good customer service everytime i come here.
...  why can they refinance my loan to a lower rate if i qualify?
Not just a bank it's a building that has suites with different business.
Service is great they'll take the extra 2 seconds to recommend something like they are supposed to.
Use common sense of course a bank will be busy when everybody is getting off work for the day
This bank has been ok over the years.
Each time i have had to go back at least once because something was wrong with each account.
I asked the bank about it and they dont know.
The bank says it's the credit card who put it on there.
In summary, the bank is ok but the customer service is poor.
Amazing service start to finish.
Brandon and his team closed out loan in less than 30 days.
Easy to dispute fraud if it happens, cards are delivered quick, and great rates for car loans that i've needed.
Atm stole my money!
I put my money in the atm and it shuts down.
It took my money!
To top it off no receipt and it didn't even get counted into my account.
If not i might not get my money.
So basically i got robbed of my cash and if doesn't show that the money was there.
At least the teller had great customer service.
Disclosed ( and it was on the credit report ) my bankruptcy and student loans.
He did suggest that my husband could qualify for a conventional loan1 yaaaaa!!!
We decided to close the account after over 10 years as a customer.
The banker we worked with (taylor o.)
But i've never seen a bank with longer lines and really thats corporate or the managers fault.
It took over two months for my loan to close.
-- their "smart loans" with rate re-locks just work!
For them to truly get the extra half star, they'll need to allow me to manage my loan online!
I'll be honest, i hate going to the bank.
But as far as banks go, this place is top notch.
The service is always a step above.
If you have to bank (and we all do), you might as well bank here.
She chatted happily with me while she was opening my account and the time flew.
Advised by underwriter that i should reapply for loan when the increase occurred.
Not sure exactly how this bank stays in business either, d.l.!
This is our go-to bank whenever we eat at the nearby chipotle/etc.
The customer service at wells fargo continues to amaze me.
I was asked if i need help from a banker.
I've completely converted from the credit union to wf for my banking needs.
The customer service can't be beat!
It's amazing what satisfaction you can experience when you understand the rules of banking and loans and actually follow them.
Still the worst bank on the planet.
The only reason i even have an account with you is i was forced when i got my car loan.
Keep my $25 but please close my account.
Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money elsewhere.
This bank doesn't seem to care about the people that keep their money here!
I traveled in rush hour traffic to go to the bank in carrick, just to get told to leave.
As soon as i sat down about 10 people came into the bank around 5:30p.
The bank closed at 6p.
That doesn't make sense if we do not have the same bank account or share income.
They have to be the nicest people i've ever met and the best bank i have ever been to.
I have been trying to open a business account there for over a week.
Someone wanting to open an account and i can't even get a return call.
And to boot, i have two other accounts at that same branch.
I came in to refinance my house and had great friendly service even for a huge banking institution.
The building has a very interesting modern look which is not typical of a banking institution.
I been there once to deposit money and i waited 30 minutes in line 2 tellers working.
Stephaine was nice but overall this bank is trash !
Worst banks to bank with anymore!
Therefore you end up with excessive lines and awful service.
Often times a banker asking everyone what they are in line for and suggesting to use an atm.
Clearly they don't want to pay tellers anymore to offer a more personal banking experience.
We're just numbers and deposits to you, just change your name to bank of atms
I have had the worst banking experience in my life with these people.
I had a very high recomendación of this bank from very close friends.
Sorry to say how disappointed i am that the bank could not meet my friends recommendation.
Is a shame as a bank
The bankers can be hit or miss.
I love christina's review, but wanted to add that the bank is inside of a grocery store.
Thank you for all your years of service
I've had better customer service experience at other cibc branches than this one.
What terrible customer service.
I've been waiting half an hour to see the one personal banker working.
Closing my account today.
How can the biggest bank in country be so under staffed?
Once i got to the teller, josephine, she gave me incorrect information regarding my account.
Then processed a transaction on my account which was declined by the systems due to her incorrect info.
She replies "well since the system declined your transaction you have to go to another branch or call customer service.
Terrible customer service on a daily basis especially thru the drive thru!
The banking center is rarely busy yet every time i visit, i am treated like i am interrupting their day!
My business has never felt valued by one person at this banking center!
Easy banking for our business checking.
Worst banking location i've ever been to.
The wait is over 45 minutes for any services at all times.
In addition,  the customer service is always lacking.
Despite disability (and making sure they were aware of my condition) i walked in to open an account today.
Why they spend their members in advertising for new accounts is beyond me, but they do.
This reminds me why i bank big and with credit unions.
Expect to faster service at the drive thru.
Only student checking is completely free.
It's ridiculous ...please improve your service .
Such a breath air to receive great customer service on a day when everything else is going wrong.
But.. bank of america is trying to force costumers out of the branch and onto the app.
Everyone is friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable about the services that they can offer.
I have an account with td, which i mostly keep because my ing account takes money out of it.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
There customer service has declined over the years.
As others mentioned, no customer service available 24/7!
$15 for a service fee!
We had like $5000 between the accounts.
I recently closed our money market account as they just decreased the interest rate by half and never told us.
He could not give me an answer and didn't care that he lost a customer when i closed the account.
What poor customer service!
So we are transitioning to ally bank.
Busey bank cannot delivery.
Gordon phong the last bank manager was great, really nice, and easy going.
We have several accounts with this bank and have always referred our business and friends over.
They also have a decent loan program for home mortgages but the process time is the same for most banks.
So if you ever want to open up a td bank account, then come here and bank with derek ng.
He will guarantee your banking satisfaction and is a very honest and reliable person.
It's our money they're using!
Closing my account today.
Never received worst customer service in my life!
From the phony friendly tellers to chalise jacobs, the branch manager, it was the worst banking experience of my life!
I will never bank with wells fargo and i will avoid the downtown branch at all costs!
Quick service and helpful staff on a monday.
I would recommend using a different bank.
Terrible service, been banking with bofa for a long time.
Seems that the lady was checking with the guy who does them too and he has an appointment coming in.
But going to this branch has given me faith in the banking industry
Now it's just like any other bank, you use to get points to cover fees now they discontinued that.
So how much sense does this make- you can't deposit cash into the bank if it's not your acct!!!!
Ash like money green backs into a legit bank acct!!
Maybe the rats are eating the cash paper money?!
"a bank that won't take cash deposits'!
This branch is always very professional from their tellers to bankers.
Everyone seems to be educated on the services they are to provide.
So, i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office.
Long wait for a banker at 9:30 in the morning.
But no available bankers as well.
Highly recommend scott wiley's services.
Always on top of our loan and closed on time.
This bank is all over so you can hit the atm and more easily track your withdrawals.
Worst bank of america!
I rather drive to another b of a branch tomorrow to get speedier and better service.
He seemed to let customer service go out the window while immediately assuming fraud or worse.
This has saved me money on several occasions.
Obviously, the banking industry is going to automation.
I want that money to post to my account right away.
Frankly, its my money and i'm just not doing it that way.
I go into the bank on eastern next to del taco this morning and wouldn't you know it?
This review is for the company in general... it is the worst bank i've been to.
I mean geez, i'm putting money into your pocket.
Cool that's fine save me money right?
Now i'm still dealing with the mess this man made of my account!
Doesn't work but get this the old card from my old account does...wth?
Did my money get transfered out of my old account to the new one?
And not to mention the company i'm with now banks with wells fargo, this branch is convenient and close.
In checking acct or 5000$ combined w savings and checking.
The bank is clean and new the single taylor that they have working is very friendly.
At least six employees working in the bank five of them were not helping customers.
Overall this is a poor use of payroll and bad customer service
I always keep a fair amount of money in the bank and never overdraw my accounts.
Then how could i have a problem with a bank?
They wouldn't take my money!
I walk in with a check written from my partner's money market account from his broker.
Wells fargo = banking wal-mart style.
The worst bank i have ever seen.
She said that's good bcz the bank doesn't want to deal with you too
My husband and i were provided banking services by mark delacruz.
We were treated promptly, kindly and expediently to handle our banking needs.
I would recommend mark due to his extraordinary knowledge and overall customer service in handling our banking needs.
The banker that helped us is not friendly she seemed pretty sluggish and lazy to help us.
Usually bankers are happy when opening accounts.
Ive been to other banks in the area and most of them stink.
This one was very friendly in large part due to the customer service rep, shauna.
This is the worst banking experience i've ever had.
Forget about customer service as well.
Do yourself a big favor and bank somewhere else.
Worst bank office i've ever experience.
Their mini van is wrecked.... so to help them with their rental, i put a little money into their account.
I was told i needed cash, but the atm was out of service.
Getting g a new account at a different bank.
Enough bank of america  bs and definitely enough of this branch!
I couldn't believe the bank experience i just had.
Mind you, there's at least 4 personal bankers/managers siting idly by twiddling their thumbs.
Where are the personal bankers?
Better service at the dmv.
I have been a bank of america customer for 14 years.
I have gotten to know the employees on a first name basis and had felt very satisfied with the service.
I communicated that the service at the branch had deteriorated.
He said the service was still good but that the wait was just longer.
He said the bank is in transitioning into more on-line banking.
I changed banks and filled out the new bank info online in august.
In december i discovered that my minimum distribution is being sent to the old bank - not the new one.
They have the new bank information, but it has to be validated w/ a voided check.
Even if i overnight the check, it's too late to change the mrd bank information for this year.
Just opened up a checking and savings account online.
Didn't think i would be able to get an account at all.
The process was quick and he was just flat out awesome with customer service.
But with this kind of service it's worth the wait.
Without going into all my banking details.
Alex s. provides great customer service and as a man of his word.
Without going into all my banking details.
Alex s. provides great customer service and is a man of his word.thank you alex for being such great banker.
I love love love this bank!!!
I'll never ever leave this bank!!
It's worth the $180 to get out of this lame tiaa brokerage account.
You may want to research other options before opening an account here.
No one want to spend their money on garbage.
Thanks for being there for all my banking needs ladies.
Do not do business with this bank!
If you see a pnc bank, run as fast as you can away from it!!!
They hold my money so that's good.
Probably the worst company to bank with.
The manager on duty is angela and is doing nothing to help the solitary banker.
Even after being asked by a customer if they could help the one banker the women said no.
I have had a banking relationship with stearns bank for years.
I have nothing but good things to say about the bank.
Even though john mistler is no longer with the bank, i worked with him on many occasions.
The current banking staff are polite, professional and there to help the customer.
It is the way banking should be!
Constantly travel out of state and tell the bank not to flag your account if you go there?
5 stars for the personal banker kiefer!
My boyfriend got me a gift through his account and we never got the purchase.
He signed and notarizing papers for us stating the bank didn't have our money.
Blackmilk was lying, tried to blame it on paypal, and finally admitted they should send us money.)
Equipment with paramount financial services,the person who helped me in the whole process is drew kabo.
If you want white glove service with the best rates look here first.
Dumped bank of america in 2009.
This branch gave money out of my account to someone not on the account.
All of our accounts have now been moved to a credit union.
We received an offer in the mail for a 3.9% loan for $150,000 with -1.1% prime rate.
I have been banking with bank of america since i  started working when i was 15 yrs old.
Because of this branch and the awful customer service.
The inside tellers are very limited so it takes so long to get service.
I'm absolutely disappointed in this branch and at bank of america.
I felt  compelled to write about  my experience  at this bank when i visited this saturday morning.
I would no longer recommend chase bank to  other people.
Their service department was really awesome.
Mike c gave great customer service and along with jose, they were both very helpful and attentive.
Kudos to meryem, charlie, and dave for the best car service i have ever experienced.
I have had good customer service here from the tellers the couple times i've been here.
I spent a little over two years working with her throughout my loan and qualifying process.
Wanted to simply stop a direct debit, teller says i need the help of an account specialist.
I stopped at an atm to take out money for work.
When the money was coming out of the atm it got stuck and i couldn't get it to come out.
I thought that if i took a 20 out it would push the money out that was stuck in there.
Wells fargo basically kept my money because they cut.
I am going to go home and close my account.
I don't want to do business with a company that steals my money just because because they can.
Service is fake friendly until there is something semi challenging then no one is competent to help.
Customer service assured me it would be no problem and that i could make the withdrawl at any branch.
One nevada credit union and financial service representative dawn craig, awesome!!!!
I transferred all of my accounts from chase, which offers poor customer service at most local branches.
She was patient while setting up my account.
I even got my online account set up before leaving the branch.
I needed to cash a check written by someone with a bbva account.
I only do business banking here and i dread coming here.
We were approved for the loan but still have not closed.
Well they pulled title and claim that when we refinanced 5 years ago, the loan holder never released the lien.
Found this bank of america and i said, "bingo".
My spouse & i are both going to switch banks due to very poor customer service!!
I will take my complaints up the ladder until i receive some decent customer service
I stopped in a brand to start a money market account.
This afternoon, my money will be leaving 3rd fed.
I have honestly had nothing but exceptional service each time i've visited this branch.
Great bank great employees!
Best place, best costomer service, best finances, is   best vehicle .
Rude, arrogant, cold service.
Along with that, i have had nothing but problems with their customer service over the phone through the risk department.
I recommend banking with someone else.
We know that a loan/escrow process is a trying time for everyone concerned, namely the loan officer and the applicants.
This "sunny" bank has the most rules, regulation and policies that are anti-consumer than all other banks i've encountered combined.
Hey, tf, how about sending me a letter saying i paid off my loan?
My loan is paid off and my account is closed - assholes - i moved , thus the new address.
I'm so happy to be done with this shitty bank in bf ohio.
Terrible customer service at this location from the manager.
Fraudulent bank deleted my comment from facebook because they are embarrassed: heloc offer is illusory.
They are also very argumentative and not very customer-service oriented.
This is the best bank in town.
The customer service is incredible.
I've called numerous times about different things and always gotten great customer service.
9 weeks passed since my account was opened and the gift card is nowhere.
Great location, top notch service and products.
Lines move quickly and you can also get assistance with applying for a home loan and credit cards.
Key bank is great!
Their silver mm account pays atm fees and more.
If you have a job, keybank's benefits are great.
Will most likely change banks since "customer service" quit at this branch.
But the holiday has not changed common sense will tell you that banked will be crowded before the holiday ...
The student account here was free so i decided to go ahead and get an account.
A check on an account i hadn't even been given checks for yet!
Two weeks later on 9/19 i got a letter from the bank about a loan "i" had taken out.
The teller then says that that isn't true and that it is free with the student account.
Thanks so much u.s. bank; two things i never had to do before i dealt with you.
They are also very argumentative and not very customer-service oriented.
What bank doesn't have a notary?
Atm available as well as full service during open hours.
This bank is very inconvenient.
My other account is with chase and there is no comparison when it comes to online banking and customer service.
I have been working with many banks, this is by far the worst.
I went in to the bank today to cash a check from an out of town friend.
Thank you, bobbie haley, for the friendliest service i've received at a bank in a long time.
Good bank to put your monies in.
It provided awesome customer service and i was being greatly very well.
I am in the process of switching from skank of america so i opened an account here.
A very refreshing banking experience
I think i have finally found my 'home' with a bank.
- awesome savings plans.
Negatives: - you have to have your account number (not your debit card number) when you call.
Save yourself much time and frustration and put your hard earned money elsewhere!
I won't name the bank but they were opening customer accounts without the customer's knowledge.
I get exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable service.
Will be investigating whether their misrepresentations are a violation of federal banking laws.
We have bought 2 cars from this place and their service is great!
I choose this bank for convenience and close to where i live.
Fist the bank screw up the account.
Did i said the bank screw up my husband card with my ss#?
So the systems doesn't recognize the phone number i applied to open the account with or the ss#.
Since the bank already mess up the account, why can the systems recognize the information.
I called the 866 numbers at lease 5 times trying to setup my account but failed.
I was wonder who screw up my account in the first place.
I closed the account right away.
When i was exploring an equity loan (time to replace windows), i did a lot of online research.
Citibank's rates were ridiculously high, and the second tier lenders all had mixed reviews.
Absolutely love chase bank!
I've been in the bank on three separate occasions in the last two weeks and mario exceeded my expectations.
Good job chase keep up the great customer service.
When i asked  for proof the bank said they didn't have a way to provide it.
Last year i asked for documents from my escrow review, they sent me over 30 pages from another customers  account.
Showing that customers name, address, bank information escrow review, how can you trust any bank that makes so many errors,
This bank is ridiculous!!
I was approved for a loan and started drawing on it and relying on it.
But third federal ended up pulling away my loan right from underneath me without any forewarning!
There was a very professional greeting when we entered, and was shown to a personal banker right away.
Our personal banker was again, professional and was able to take care of our needs promptly.
I've been a cmcu customer for about a year now and could not be happier with the service.
I will never do business again with a traditional bank.
So b of a was the first bank where i ever opened a checking account or had a debit card.
I don't bank with them anymore.
This location is fine for normal banking.
If you need a banker it always takes forever.
We have been with azccu for over 16 years and have ultimately been satisfied with the service.
Definitely a more personalized experience than some larger banks.
We have had several auto loans with them and very happy with the low interest rates.
Especially since i am there to place a substantial amount of money in your bank.
The process of the getting a home equity loan was lengthy but eventually it was approved.
Fortunately, the house did appraise high enough to allow me to get the loan.
Even though i didn't find the car i was looking for on this trip, i'd recommend checking this place out.
The bank tellers are extremely friendly and although they work efficiently, i never feel rushed.
Customer service here really sucks!
Second, just deposit my money.
The bank was completely empty, other than the employees.
If i just needed to withdraw or deposit money, i could use the atm.
He bluntly said, "we are keeping your money".
Sincerely, craig stellpflug - former bank of america customer
The customer service department is filled with people needing a better outlook on life..simply rude, obnoxious and very condescending.
We have a pretty good amount of money going on there weekly.
Also have personal accounts with them.
And today, the "finance manager" declined me because she wants an account number.
What is a bank who doesn't give change.
No money came back out but a piece of receipt paper with a number to call.
They credited my account and today, they're doing a $428 charge back.
How can you find some money and not all?
So now, i'm seating here at the chase bank branch feeling helpless!!!
I'm really fed up with busey's questionable and inconsistent customer service.
He doesn't ruin the good customer service experience i have had at busey.
Busey is a good place to bank, with tons of atms all over champaign.
Very happy with my loan officer ryan.
Friendly and fast service.
We get home and we can't log in to the account.
She went back to the bank and took care of it.
She went back to the bank and they said one was sent by mistake.
Do not open a credit card with this bank!!!
Thank you for the excellent customer service!
Despite a snag in the appraisal process, justin's team managed to close our loan on time.
So up until today, i had always gotten top notch, perfect customer service.
I was kept notified of all aspects of the loan and what was coming up next.
I couldn't get any help from the loan company or chase customer service on the phone.
He has talked to countless people from chase and and the loan company to find where my money is.
To the casinos, to the grocery and yes, for our usual trips to the bank.
Also chase is probably the best bank you can bank with.
The drive through customer service at chase bank in aliante parkway is horrible.
Horrible drive through service.
However, great personal bankers....
Thank goodness i don't bank here and bank across the street at b of a.
I am in the loan signing business.
This office has great customer service.
Today i had an appointment near this branch and i had to withdraw some money.
I suggest kindly they should definitely work on their customer service/hospitality,  judgement and performance please.
The bank had entered a default vin on the application but she accused me of entering the incorrect vin no.
She gave us incorrect information several times and didn't seem qualified at all to be handling auto loans.
If my company wrote me a bad check ,then its their job and the bank job to address this issue.
If you bank with chase, you receive complimentary notary services, and that was delivered without a hassle.
This team was amazing and did an outstanding job communicating throughout our loan process!!
This is where i do all of my banking.
This bank seriously has the longest line ever.
If my employer did not bank with them then i would never come here to cash my check.
Seriously, the worst bank ever with customer service, accounts and friendliness.
The tellers and bankers at this location are friendly and helpful.
The personal banker was willing to answer all his questions and walk him through the paperwork.
I would definitely recommend ryan cramer at movement mortgage and their in-house underwriting service.
They simply evaluate the house for the bank.
They just have to get the pay off for the old loan and get the title work in order.
Excellent service from bianca of 1st ave wf.
Did away with notary services.
After moving, i needed to switch banks as my old one didn't have a branch in az.
Thanks, ryan, you saved us a bunch of money!
I'm about to switch banks just because of this branch, and i need a bank closer to where i live
Painfully slow service...friendly people just poorly run...long lines every time and one window open.
( fanny cona) thanks for the bad customer service, ill be doing business now with arizona state credit union.
If you don't bank with sunwest fcu directly, stay away from their atm's!!
I was banking here for 5 years and today i closed my safety deposit box.
They are saving $$$ by replacing employees with atm machines.
I don't typically go to the bank unless it's to the drive thru atm.
Her customer service and people skills were above and beyond.
Because cls partners with azfcu, the loan paperwork was a breeze.
A very close friend of mine banks at abt-arizona bank and trust.
The customer service at this location is the best!
Banker said i needed to bring a form that needed to be filled out before i went to the counter.
Easiest time i've ever had opening an account.
I love this bank!
Very rude customer service not worth it
The assistant manager, marla, is a horrible example of customer service.
We went there to cash a auto nation car check that was drawn on boa account.
That is what customer service looks like.
Avoid this bank at all costs.
We come here almost everyday for our business service.
But we have never had any problem w their customer service.
Probably the dingiest us bank i've ever been in.
I don't bank here, (thank goodness) but i have family that does.
Citizen bank is the worst bank i have ever had in the united states of america.
I could not find my chase bank in pittsburgh , so i decided to choose citizens.
I had some  money in my previous bank account and i want to transfer it to my citizen account.
The person who works in citizens bank lied  and cheated me.
Now  i am with pnc bank and i am very happy .
Honest is important   shame on you citizen bank
This is the worst bank i have ever been in.
My company banks here so i have no choice.
I would never put my personal accounts here.
I will do all i can to get my company to switch to another bank.
This branch does not understand customer service at all.
There are a few things that i dislike more than going to the bank.
When you first walk into the bank, you're accosted with people shouting, "welcome to wells fargo!!!!!"
Maybe they're trying to make up for the really bad customer service i've received in the past...i don't know.
All i know is, i really, really hate going to the bank and i can't wait for automated everything.
I've been a member 12 years and they always provide great service with low loan rates.
How in the world does your 24-hour atm have a "service temporarily unavailable" sign for cash deposits?!?!?
I've called customer service and all they can tell me is that it's in the process of being fixed.
Wish interest paid was better, but over all a great bank and on line service.
Last week i get a statement from b of a saying i still owe money's for the past payments.
I cannot believe the complete lack of customer service.
I think this bank is great for the most part.
I pay many of my bills, send and receive e-transfers, and earn interest on my money.
Shout out to tom walker in investments and the personal bankers.
I tell everyone i know they're wasting their time and money if they're not buying a vehicle this way.
Worst bank i ever been to.
Went to just get a withdrawal and she preauthorized my transaction before checking the date on my id.
And my money is no longer available because she preauthorized my transaction.
And it was all the money in my account to pay for rent.
Never will i bank with bank of america or this branch.
This is my local branch and i have had nothing but good service whenever needed.
The bank owes two estates over $6,000.00 and they will not process the claims.
The bank peoplw here have a strong sense of hospitality which is friggin awesome!!
I recommend blanca ramirez as she helped me with a car loan.
Best bank ever & vanessa is awesome super nice !
Ask for her when you go in she'll give you great service !
As part of that transaction, wells offered me a free checking account to use for automatic loan payments.
Thanks for the that- resorts a little hope in big banks!
Customer service should be a priority.
Go in to cash a bofa issued check they tell me 35-45 minutes for an account manager.
They wonder why no one bank's with a them.
Getting a new account here was quick and easy.
I had a personalized card printed and an online banking account set up during my visit.
My only issue is the apparent lag in updating your account balance in real time.
I recently opened up a couple of accounts for my business at this branch with chris morris, the branch manager.
So then i went to my banks website to have my bank process a payment using their bill pay process.
Stay away...go to a real bank!
I really don't understand why banks feel like you've walked into a monastery.
First let me start by saying i'd never bank with pc again.
I'd rather pay monthly service fees with a bank i will get the right customer service from and efficient processes.
The headache of a resolution is not worth the no-fees banking they offer.
I switched over because everyone raves about their "no frills" banking and etc.
I should have really done my homework before going with this 'mickey-mouse' bank.
Though cibc is the only bank i've never had any dealings with so...
I have nothing.. not one positive to say about this bank.
Thank god i can bank with usaa..
I always use the atm for all my banking needs.
When i have been inside to speak with a personal banker, i have never seen lines though!
All i wanted her to do was increase my limit so i can get my money out.
She held me up for 30 minutes doing her own investigation on my money!
I told her i will close my account when i get ready to.
Who encourages a person to close their account?
The wait time is awful, the service is poor and they could care less.
I have been a member for over 20 years and in general they have provided very good service.
Thank you us bank for being better than the other big names!!
Never bank with one nevada.
They have terrible customer service and will not assist in any way at all.
This branch has the greatest customer service.
From my personal accounts to my business accounts the staff here goes out of their way to be helpful.
I highly recommend this branch for great personal service.
This bank has the worst service.
This ghetto bank is sad, stinks and dirty.
I really like us bank - excellent service - and i wanted to open an account here.
We save our coinage, and roll it to deposit into our savings account.
You get no customer service from this credit union.
Financial institutions that tell you how you can handle your own money need a wake-up call.
In time of crisis, you will not be able to get to your money!
Bank of the west falsely advertises their services and has horrible customer service.
Customer service is horrible and rude.
Closing m y account with scam of the west and going elsewhere to bank.
She works hard to close any car loan and goes above and beyond .
While amtrust (ohio savings) certainly tries they are nowhere near capable of handling their own business.
Do yourself a favor and go to a larger bank with a better service record.
Very good customer service here and very fast at completing the transactions.
I have been a us bank customer for 8 years.
In that time i have loved us bank and have experienced zero problems with them.
She quickly got us signed up, and even mentioned some great benefits to having an account with us bank.
Very happy with us bank, particularly this branch.
My boyfriend and i opened a one checking rewards account tonight with suzie drinkwine.
There are no hidden fees like other banks have.
I am closing my account and moving to another institution.
I wish all banks and credit unions across the country were warm and friendly as the staff at nellis afb!!!
The service was absolutely impeccable!!
A special thank you to deb flores who provided me the utmost customer service!!!
Again great service and i look forward to doing all my banking with onenevada @ nellis!
I do basic banking, i find them to be professional and efficient.
They certainly promote a no-fee banking system, and competitive interest rates.
Pcf is versatile, they offer: savings accounts, chequing accounts, interest-free accounts, gic accounts, mortgages, gics and i'm sure more.
Also, i do my banking mostly online and the site seems secure.
I have both bank accounts and a credit card with them and have had zero complaints.
I needed a simple payoff info/close the account.
It's awesome how i am allowed to pay monthly fee(s) to let them invest and profit from my money.
All in all, very professional service and this was a great experience.
You can't call it service when there are only two tellers and a line of people.
The makes for a very poor operation that is sorely lacking in efficiency or any semblance of personalized service.
Wf is our bank of choice!
Great customer service, excellent hour, 24 hour phone line for help!
We love wf and all that they offer from personal to business services!
This bank is terrible and the manager thinks she is all that and a bag of chips.
Service is slow the employees act like they are better than you and the policies of the bank are archaic.
I have never had a problem with anything and i wouldn't bank anywhere else!
Not the banks fault, just reality.
The personal banker axiel is the best!
He always knows how to handle my banking needs.
I'm just now leaving this bank and i was having a great morning until i would into this place.
I felt embarrassed i've never felt so uncomfortable at a bank .
Happy with oneaz and their services....again, they do very well for the average net-worth person.
Even after calling the customer service line, their response was basically "oops sorry nothing we can do."
There were four personal bankers [sic]...two with customers...two doing nothing (surfing the internet.)
Moral: you need to be more customer service oriented.
Not about customers and not about service.
I tried again yesterday to buy a car through centennial, the azfcu auto member service center.
They can't get the dollar signs out of their eyes long enough to be of service to this member.
The she told me about getting money back for using my card...
Got my car loan from this branch!
Matt is the one that helped me and so far i've gotten 2 car loans thru him.
Someone in france had a clone debit card and my pin number and cleaned out my checking and savings account.
Once i get my money back i will be moving on.
I used to bank at pnc for my small business.
That was until they started charging me monthly service fees.
I stayed because i didn't want to change bank again.
So shop around before you pull the trigger on a loc or loan.
This is by far the worst bank branch i have ever been too.
They have the worst customer service i've ever witnessed from any bank branch, period.
From the tellers, to bank managers , they have always disappointed me.
I dread going to his bank.
This has been when i have received the brunt of the worst service.
This branch is the reason we are closing our bank of america accounts after 10 years of banking with them.
We initiated an application for pre qualification on a nonconforming loan around march 1.
She emailed back with another positive response "i might be receiving a loan approval for you!"
Two days later, we received a final email declining us on the loan.
That decision came 10 weeks after we initiated an application for a mortgage loan through stearns.
This is probably true for good candidates without a foreclosure/bankruptcy/short sale or similar mark on their credit report.
As soon as you walk into this beautiful bank branch you are immediately greeted with warm smiles and happy hello's.
The lady who was helping me to open an account was not friendly at all.
She acted like if she wanted to go home, so i left and went to bank of america.
It's not the people, but how the bank itself runs that pisses me off.
F***ers give me my money, it's mine not yours.
I researched banks thoroughly before choosing this one, and i'm glad i did.
I also enjoy that this bank is local, as i try to avoid nationwide banks when possible.
If you support local banking, want comfortable service an security, then first commonwealth is ideal!
I kept the account open after the loan was paid figuring i might need to cash a check.
The husband had used the az fed car buying service for his 04 grand am.
This review will is based on the fabulous customer service i received from jc.
4 stars for jc and his fabulous customer service!
I felt like i was picking up my welfare money.
No matter how large is your account, they do not do customer service.
Right now i am denied access to my account because the system is asking for a code i never had.
The cue for awaiting service with the available tellers is often very long.
Mr. hughes gave top box service.
I started banking here several years ago.
I switched banks after usbank wanted to charge me a monthly fee because i didn't want to do direct deposit.
This is a credit union so it doesn't have the many account requirements other banks do.
I also have never had errors or any problems with my accounts.
Every time i walk in this bank i feel like i visit my friends or joining a warm party.
They will not accept my deposit because i am not a signer on the account.
Really worried about money laundering at $300 at a time?
This is the worst customer service and left their client in a lurch
Amazing employees, phenomenal management, superb customer service and easily accessible location!
I tried taking more & they blocked my account again!
He has worked with many of my clients post bankruptcy in helping them purchasing or refinancing their homes.
She greeted me and helped me open a checking account.
I never had this experience at my previous bank.
I got checks printed, new card, and  her service was awesome.
I came to open an account with bank of america and even got my car refinance.
The employees at this location go out of their way to give you the best service possible.
Over the last year i'm suddenly getting charged $25 a month for a basic checking account.
The only reason why i'm waiting is because i want my account closed this bad.
Conversely, at my bank (another major bank) if i have a wait, its maybe 1 or 2 people.
This is that gigantic yet old bank of america on decatur and charleston.
This place also happens to win the award for worst bank of america in the world!
The banker i saw didn't do sh!t.
Bank of america should fire these people.
I wouldn't even let these guys be around money in the first place.
If you want the lowest rate and great customer service, roger white at one nevada credit union is your guy.
First, let me start by saying i left this bank on december 11, 2004, and i should've stayed gone!
The lack of customer service is abhorrent.
You would think this concept was widely adopted by this bank; but alas it is not.
After reviewing multiple credit union; i remembered that i once banked with one nevada (formerly nevada federal).
My mom also banks with them (has for over 40 yrs at this point), so i figured why not?
I arrive at the bank around 2:10 p.m..
I advised them they had "quotas" for new accounts and that his branch had just lost one.
I initially spoke with a gentleman who transferred me to margaret, because she needed the new account credit.
I explain to her my value of customer service, and she concurs.
She asked if i had a previous account to which i replied "yes".
She goes on to notify me that the account had a $2xx.xx balance.
12 blissful months of earning twice as much interest as my stinky online savings accounts.
From the moment i stepped through the door, i received very attentive service.
I've had a bit of experience signing up for bank accounts, and the process was similar to most.
I haven't gotten this kind of personalized service since leaving my teeny tiny hometown in hickville, az.
Worst customer service i have ever experienced with us bank.
They need to hire more bank tellers or hire people that actually want to help people.
This branch needs major improvement with customer service!
Saving me soooo much money since there are no monthly fees and the rate is lower than square.
What is the point of 8 teller windows and 1 teller for business accounts and 1 teller for everyone else?
I closed my account yesterday and i want this branch to know that it was their doing.
Chase bank receives them in minutes.
Getting a new account here was quick and easy.
In had a personalized card printed and online banking set up while here.
I told "diana" the teller that i would be closing my accounts and taking my business elsewhere.
What kind of customer service/retention is that??
I have banked here for nearly 30 years and always maintained a good balance.
Along with the name change, the service they provide has changed.
Gone is the special service that the military needed and got with the old nevada federal.
It's a bank in downtown phoenix open 9-4.
So you can't stop at the bank before work and you can't go to the bank after work.
So guess when you can go to the bank, during lunch.
This bank institution has been going down hill.
On several occasions, in the past i've tried their atms and the machine wouldn't even let you withdraw money.
So i ended up having to use another bank atm and had to pay the extra service fees.
So glad i am in the process of switching banks now.
Believe or don't - your money - your choice.
He wisely left chase and said he's never been more satisfied with any bank.
I have been banking with azfcu for 19 years.
The only reason i stay at this bank is because it is on the corner by my house.
I have opened my kids accounts elsewhere and have been thinking about switching.
The bank overall isn't a bad bank, this location, however, needs to take customer service classes.
It was my first time applying for an auto loan and was not familiar with the process.
The customer service has deteriorated in the last few years and if i move they hike my rates.
Worst banking experience ever.
I got up and said i will go to another bank of america.
Knowledgeable staff and great customer service.
I've had too many issues and i just started banking with them.
I don't recommend for business accounts.
I stopped in with a question about my checking & saving on the atm debit card.
Answered all my banking questions & welcomed me call or stop in at any time.
Is bank should close it or start from scratch with staff.
Go in for yourself if you want to see the lack of what i though us bank stood for.
This place is why i switched all but 1 account away from boa to usaa.
Just opened my checking account with lisa and mac.
Bank of america sucks out loud when it comes to customer service via their website.
You folks have no clue what customer service is in the year 2018.
I've been banking here since i moved to phoenix.
I have a savings and checking account from the beginning.
I had one of the best customer service experience ever!
Hands down the worst bank .
Honestly should be moving accounts to diff bank.
Customer service was not good due to me being indecisive, but still doesn't mean i get attitude.
This is banking old school style.
Everybody who works there knows my name, greets me by name, and gives me very personal service whenever i'm there.
I've also been pleased how u.s. bank has kept up with technology.
They can always help answer any questions i have concerning my accounts
All banks are rotten, learn the system folks.
Customer service is huge and that's a five star for me folks!
Chase gave me the worst interest rate on my saving account, it is not worth keeping the money there.
This was a second bank to me that i was planning to make my primary.
My wife, however, still banks with them.
Seriously, fuck you, bank of america !
Their whole team put in effort to provide exceptional customer service, and i recommend them in the highest regard.
In the mail, i get a notice saying that i owe pc mastercard some money.
And for that matter, charges for loblaw, who runs this bank with cibc?
He said that since i had closed my account, there was nothing he could do about the charges.
Don't be fooled - go to a legitimate bank to get things done.
This bank is not worth your time or money.
Terrible customer service, hardly any branches in toronto.
Usually very friendly customer service.
Unfortunately this is the only chase bank in my area and doesn't have a drive-through.
Thank you anthony manuel for a fast friendly service!
We were supposed to close on thursday and the girl working on the loan leaves on vacation.
The sellers had to get a bridge loan in order to not lose the other house.
I frequent this bank often since it's right down the street from my business.
I'd drop by this bank if you're in the neighborhood.
Bank of a has eaten me alive with fees.
But im still there since i have direct deposit and ive never had a bank error with this bank.
I tried transferring money to my credit card, but that won't clear for 2-3 business days.
Your protecting me, but when i need my money i should be able to use it.
It's safe to say i will be pulling all my money out of my account.
Branch exemplifies the sorry service...
Their customer service stinks too.
I decided to start moving my money to another bank.
I come to this bank all the time to make deposits for my sister.
Then why has no one ever done that before at any bank bathroom?
Never going to a bank of america again!
I have a very new car loan through them, then retired very suddenly.
I cannot speak to any bankers regarding loans and that i first need to apply online.
There's no way you'll get this kind of service and attention at the "big box' banks.
Terrible service and probably the worst boa i've seen.
How do you run a bank with one damn employee working.
This branch is the sole reason i closed my business account.
A very friendly bank, the customer service is 100% always.
Charlie is my favorite teller he is my go to person at the bank .
One az is like a bank....no better and no worse.
I can see no compelling reason to leave my money with them than i do with other institutions.
I use one other bank and one credit union besides one az.
In terms of loans (which i've done) and credit cards, they are a lot worse.
In realty loans it takes an act of god to get the final payout to pay off the loan.
Will never go to them for a loan again.
Terrible experience with this company, and the company (mis)representing their services.
Now i must pay 600$ to cancel their services.
I was provided with outstanding service, amy battin was direct, thorough, honest, compassionate, friendly and most of all knowledgeable.
The slowest bank of america ever.
So tired of this bank.
Was a great bank over 15yrs ago.
Big banks aren't even that bad.
So i ended up closing the account because that is absolutely ridiculous.
I will continue to let people know about the banking practices of this horrid financial institution.
Really bad service here very mean staff
We have been banking here for a few years now, unfortunately.
It's unbelievably ridiculous on friday night when you need money and you can't get to it.
It wasn't long before we learned our lesson and took our money elsewhere.
We left this account for bill paying.
We put as much money in there just to cover our bills and that's it.
When this happens they shut your account down.
No account history and no transactions, nothing, you have no information.
They really do not compare to a "real" bank at least that's how i feel about them.
We have literally been fighting this bank ever since we started with them though.
The last time we went inside to have me added to my fiance's account.
I completely dread every time have to do anything with this bank.
1st i just moved here from hawaii, the place where service is expected.
Ok soooooo...if you want someone to open an account with your bank dont you stay to help them?
Bank environment isnt the best.
I am not an account holder at this bank, and after today will absolutely never even consider being one.
This was about 25 minutes after i arrived at the bank to make a 5 minute transaction.
I would not get a loan through this so called credit union!
I have three automobile loans, a visa credit card, and overdraft protection with this credit union.
Bank of america has lost touch with retail banking customers.
I come to this bank on the regular for work.
Very very poor customer service and management!
But know i think i will bank at another location  from this point on!
Oh well will go to another chase bank from this point on!
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
It doesn't with this bank, don't bother.
I've had such horrible customer service at this branch that i try my best to avoid it at all costs.
I almost closed my account of over 15 years because of the people here.
Terrific job and customer service.
We had an approval within 30 minutes and the loan was closed and completed the same afternoon.
This was by far the easiest and best service we ever received from a financial institution.
Our loan officer was erica cameron.
I have referred his services to coworkers and friends without any hesitation!
Then asked if i served in the military that would waive future checking account surcharge.
I opened my checking acct today.
I was very impressed with service  i received.
She  completely and clearly  walked  me through all the features and perks of my checking acct.
I would truly recommend this bank.
The best banking  experience ever !
I am still whole-heartedly happy to bank here.
Maybe i'm expecting too much but if i had my way, we'd all be banking locally.
Considered getting an account and was totally turned off by my experience.
I will never get an account with chase.
Disastererous on line banking.
I would not get a loan through this so called credit union!
Money leaves act by 2pm.
This bank & customer svc r mon-fri 9-6pm.
Unfriendly customer service reps.
Their online banking could use an update.
Limited options to customize cards n accounts.
Never have any issue with my checking or savings accts.
Thanks for the wonderful service!
Their vehicles are in very good shape and their warranty work is serviced by cna.
Excellent customer service---all the time!
Neguy, one of the many tellers at wells fargo bank, delivers a wonderful satisfying friendly service every time.
Just moved here from ky and we knew we wanted a credit union for our banking.
I will be moving my money to a credit union where i was before.
Wtf all i want is my money that belongs to me what a joke they are.
I've been banking at bofa for over 30 years.
Recently they did away with drive-up tellers, which was one of my favorite things about the bank, for convenience.
Bofa you need to take a customer service training course from wells fargo.
I understand that atms need to be serviced but come on.
To top is off they sold our loan in less than 30 of closing.
I adore this bank!
Small, personal & great customer service.
I had enough, i had to close my account cause of bunch of idiot's works on their own paste.
I used arizona federal credit union for my auto loan and they have an expert buyer service.
Maybe to save money?
According to my account, he said, pointing to the screen as he said so, it was a chip card thing.
My account said nothing about a card.
I love this bank with a passion!!!!!!!
My banking is always done perfectly and they treat me like a queen every time i go in!!!!!
Nice clean bank with friendly tellers.
I'm used to paying $3 atm fees at the club or at events, but not at a bank.
I recently switched banks because i have been unhappy with wells fargo.
He was super friendly and sat me down and started to explain all my best options with banking with them.
Working in the customer service industry myself i definitely recommend this place and the bank has been nice so far.
Bank staff is mindful and attentive.
I've not had any problems so far dealing with him and they have become my go to bank.
The bank hours could be improved upon and their look could be updated.
I do not recommend in branch banking unless absolutely necessary.
I really do prefer them over large banks.
The absolute worst customer service.
Time to improve the customer service at this location.
Standard bank of america.
Service was friendly and efficient.
We opened up multiple accounts for me and broke everything down.
The rudest customer service i've ever seen!
I sure hope the bank manager's manager sees this post.
We finally went to a regular bank and had much better service.
They continue to do the same thing, which only makes banking for customers more difficult.
Don't be misled by "skipping" loan payments... it costs money upfront and they still charge you the interest.
They're always going to make money.
Consistently horrible customer service.
I went to this bank a week ago in regards to my business account.
I was refused service by javier lopez for absolutely no reason!!
Timely response and good service.
Stay away from this bank.
Opened a bank account elsewhere forget this place.
Very nice customer service too!
I was offered a loan modification, were misinformed about process and our payment was increased instead of reduced.
Caused us to file for bankruptcy.
In doing this, bank of america caused me to file for bankruptcy in order to keep my house.
It has been over a year now, and we have just completed our bankruptcy and had the case closed.
Then, i was sent (via overnight fedex) a packet that they claimed i requested for a loan modification.
This bank is the new walmart.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I stopped in this branch yesterday to close the account and was surprised how little they seemed to care.
This is the first time i have ever dealt with a bank so behind and out of date.
These pathetic liars makes money off lying and stealing from its customers.
Don't waste your time on this corrupt bank.
As a customer here for many years  my experience is the service is always friendly and professional.
Been here quite a few times and i've had nothing but excellent service.
Bankers are always pleasant, ask how your day is going and try to help you with everything you need.
6-23-18  ok i don't have an account but i am thinking of it.
May be i dont like my money in a bank just keep it ira.
Like i'm thinking of opening an account because of them.
They cant handle a bank.
May be im tired of an ira and i do need a bank.
She could have been sincere and earned my trust and be clear on benifits of  opening an account.
It was slow morning not busy, we need professionals in the bank field.
Ones who understands customers, understand money and earning a business like the north craig/rancho location.
And to be real clear all banks we visit states that we can only do deposits till check clears.
The check sits in my wife account anyways!!
I've been banking with macu for almost 3 years now.
Originally opened my account in utah.
Customer service is always so nice and so helpful.
Recently had some fraud hit my account when someone tried to make an online purchase with my debit card.
Macu customer service was on top of it right away and literally had it removed and handled within 24 hours.
I've been banking with this branch for approximately a year and half now and absolutely love this branch.
Just like their customer service everyone at this branch is extremely nice and extremely helpful.
Especially loan adviser desiree.
She helped me get a helping hand loan (bad credit loan) which cs originally had advised me to look into.
I know there's not one other bank that would approve this kind of loan.
5 star service all around highly recommended!!
My first time opening a checking and savings account was with this bank.
The service here is beyond outstanding.
I was greeted by mac, a financial service representative.
Mac introduced me to the credit builder loan and it's credit building process.
Mac was extremely helpful and i highly recommend his financial services!
Rude people long lines and to much wait time avoid this bank of america as possible
They are extremely busy(something that the staff cant control) so sometimes the wait for a banker can be 30 min.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
They said they could not stop charging my account.
The succinct description is that our recent mortgage banking experience was legendary!
Thank you gary errecalde for the fantastic customer service!
A terrible bank with consistently poor customer service, both in person and over the phone.
Finally cancelled my account recently and waited a bit to post this.
Avoid this bank and any branches!
There are many others who will appreciate your business and take care of you and your money.
Fast service inside the branch.
The other lane is either out of service and/or being fix.
You can get service with a smile, and without any attitude.
One of the worst credit unions i've banked with.
This bank is never open.
When you call customer service you're always transferred or referred back to the branch that opened your account.
Need to talk about your account?
Need to apply for a credit card, loan, etc?
But the stupid customer service guy transferred me to yesenia's voice mail anyway.
That account now sits at $0.00 until i get back to vegas and close it!
Within 5 mins they had found me a co-op bank to walk into to pull out cash.
One nevada bank go get your life before you lose another customer!
I have been banking with them for 4 years now.
Though i've only been to this bank once, i had a very pleasant experience.
And when i was talking to the assistant bank manager he was laughing about it!
What great customer service.
I have been in customer service for 15yrs and that is the worst thing to do!
I will make sure to let everyone know not to bank here!
Welcome to impersonal banking at its lowest.
Go to another bank!!!!!!!
What is the point of having so many bank of america's if you're only going to have one teller?
This bank is very poorly managed
The quality of vehicles and level of service and customer care is the same or better than it was before.
This bank has the best hours.
Customer service for the most part is awesome.
I've only come across 1 person that had mediocre service.. everyone else every other time has had exceptional customer service.
Very easy going bank.
This bank assigned a family member to the power of attorney that was not requested to be on..
When sought to correct, this bank escalated things to the police in order to prevent correction.
The result was the son getting barred from the bank for life because he asked why the bank did that.
The bank had no sympathy for the family member and only took actions in their own interests.
This bank and all of its corporate managers where aware of the events.
Please highly consider this review before banking or continuing to bank with first commonwealth bank.
After reading yelpers reviews, i decided to visit this branch to experience the great service myself.
I am beyond happy to have opened an account with one nevada !
Every time i come to this bank they are very unorganized.
Busy bank location and not enough help.
I only have a student checking account here so i guess my review should be limited.
The us bank iphone app has been a life saver!
They said : we consider local transfer as wired money as well.
I:but when i asked you three times, you said no extra charge, just like what i did in td bank.
The worst bank i've ever visit.
Nice, brand new bank
After more than two years of paying the fees i finally went in to close that account.
The lady was very helpful in closing the account for me and transferring information to my other checking account.
The other thing that is annoying is the main reason i went in was to save the service fees.
I really need to be convinced there is a purpose to using banking accounts.
I would rather keep my money at home in a jar.
Just opened an account here with a personal banker who has amazing follow through.
I honestly am glad i don't bank with hsbc based solely on the lack of customer service at their branches.
If you must bank with hsbc, rule out this yorkville branch and the yeglinton locations.
If you need an account, do not hesitate to speak to vanessa, jody, tito or ken.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that does not have an account.
Thank you for service!
Walked in to talk to personal banker about closing accounts.
They directed me back to personal banker.
Took nearly one hour to close out my accounts.
Not the type of service i would expect.
Don't bank with them!
I highly recommend you to reconsider who you bank with if it is chase!
I always always get terrible customer service at this location.
Judy the teller is always speaking to you in a hostile attitude, really bad service from her !!!!
Bad customer service .
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
They always answer their phones quickly and have great customer service.
I came in a few weeks ago to cash a check but didn't have an account with them.
They signed me up for a free account that didn't take long at all.
Best time i've ever had walking into a bank.
Do not open an account here.
Disgusting customer service and disgusting way of doing business.
Needless to say my employee will not be banking here, well in 7 days after they release the hold.
Customer service is horrible.
Going to another bank.
I have been banking here for about 6 years now and everyone has always been helpful and friendly.
As far as customer service, i haven't had any problems.
Linda is awesome and is who i opened my account through if i remember right.
Wonderful customer service !
Thanks to margaret mims -a great banker.
You can get money any time you want!
Justin f. did my saving a month ago and helped me out with open my first credit card.
I was with citizens bank of massachusetts for 10 years.
We  relocated to squirrel hill and i thought that the service would be just as good.
Unfortunately the service got worse.
I like a bank where i can go in and talk to somebody and i can get something done.
I am not a fan of citizens bank.
It's bank of america...
Not only are their services overpriced they have horrible customer service when you have issues.
If you're looking for good rates,professional staff and quality service go see roger at one nevada credit union.
A very friendly bank, the customer service is 100% always.
Arizona federal credit union is the best bank in arizona.
Bank was great when i joined but over the years it's declined.
The banking side doesn't seem to be any better than any other bank.
However, my advice to anyone seeking a loan would be to seek the loan elsewhere.
Loan department almost three months to finalize the loan.
Banking side is ok-neither better or worse than any other bank but beware beware beware of the property loan side.
I am so thankful for staff who take customer service to another level!
The money isn't mine.
Have been banking at this bank(building) since1974 but i am looking at other options since i like banking in person.
What they will do is force customers to other banks.
Do i look like i'm laundering money, lady?
Making $100 payment on a credit card is money laundering?!
I went this wells fargo to update my married name on my bank card and complete a couple other things.
He was a very personable banker.
This bank isn't the closest to my house but i would go back here for my banking needs.
Everyone at the bank seemed to know what they were doing and seemed just as helpful as alex.
This is probably the worst bank i've ever been to.
I then went again because i had to reschedule and they took over 2 hours to give me my money.
I would not recommend this place to anyone who needs to get money and want good customer service.
You have traffic time where 15 people with two bank tellers .
Banks should know the pattern of flow of customers come.
Worse bank and worse location.
This is another bank that's right off of blue diamond in the 15.
We are banking with us bank since 2014.
We get great service here every single time !
The customer service here is terrible.
There are 6 people in suits ready to make a loan for you but only 2 tellers.
I'm seriously considering closing my accounts here unless i see much better service.
One of the banks im with.
She very helpful with all of my banking needs.
So, i am not a customer of bank of america, nor will i ever be.
I had already deposited it in my account mobilly.
Should bank of america blindly have taken a third party check with no questions, no.
The absolute worst service i have ever encountered.
I've banked here for 9 years.
Bad experiences happen, i've worked in the service industry for a long time and understand.
I brushed it off and continued my normal banking with them.
I'm not sure what has happened to the customer service here recently.
It's disappointing and frustrating to be so let down by a bank that used to be really wonderful.
If you need a auto loan, new account etc.
Absolutely awful customer service.
My other bank sends me email alerts for debit card withdrawals and when my account falls below a specific balance.
Don't expect anything but a place to hold your money, especially with their new $200 rule for new members.
Today was not a good day at the bank!!
There were no bank tellers to be seen!!!
Two seconds later 2 bank employees emerged from the back office!!
Not my first rodeo finding a us bank!!
I have to rethink who i bank with if these problems do not get resolved!
Young lady bank teller was helpful..
Opened an escrow and had all the ducks in a row and they last minute refused to fund the loan.
Just got done processing my third auto loan through one nevada and these guys are amazing.
They actually just refinanced a new car loan from a dealership at a much lower rate.
I highly recommend one nevada for anyone seeking some kind of loan in the las vegas valley
We are talking about anywhere from $2500 to $3000 which they add on to the loan amount.
If you have an account at this branch i recommend driving two or three miles further to go somewhere else.
As soon as i find an other bank i'm history... oh yeah their tellers idiots...everywhere.
Employee shyla needs to work on her customer service skills.
No reflection on my bank account statement, not credited, just simply missing.
Now, i have to sort that mess out with the bank and find where my checks are.
Unfortunately, the general consensus for me regarding bank of america is  fairly negative, as far as customer service is concerned.
I lost my wallet, and i must say, the dmv has superior customer service comparatively.
Isnt this a bank?
Bank of america you have to do better man.
The plus side of this is the protection we have experienced relating to their debit and credit card service.
We haven't banked in a regular bank in years so i can't speak for the banks around phoenix.
If it wasn't for them our account would be no account.
Even though i check our account at least five times a week.
Who would have thought a slow moving line at a freakin bank would screw up people's lives, but it did!
I'm no banker but i'm starting to think maybe i should be?
Yup a manager from the bank!
Just a heads up, this location does not do money orders, only cashiers checks- and only for account holders.
This is the poorest bank i have ever walked into.
Never will i walk into this bank again.
If i could rate this branch of bank of america no stars i would!
I have moved all over the country and have felt with many service companies.
The bankers are also very nice and ask how you're doing and everything.
Great overall, customer service!
I went home and explained to my husband what they had said at the bank.
He then called customer service and was told they could certainly email me a copy of my entire statement.
Fix your customer service!
I don't expect the bank to be open but a call center yes.
Sadly will be returning to a big bank.
Every one that works there are always willing to help and surprisingly remember everyone that banks there!
Worst customer service at this location.
Applied for a home refinance loan.
It probably would have been done in 30 if the so called loan officer knew what she was doing.
Would not recommend doing a home loan with them.
Managers and "personal bankers" never jump in to help yet you see them walking around or sitting at their desks.
I am a new customer at bank of the west.
Transferring money from a checking account (with them) to a savings account (that i just opened with them) takes forever.
The money is with them.
Other banks don't take this much time.
I got a hold on a check i wrote to myself from another bank.
I know the money was taken out (because it came from an account with another bank).
They just sit on my money for ten days, just because they can?
Also my savings account does not appear on atm accessible accounts.
!, this is supposed to be a bank/credit union.
I would not recommend them to anyone who cares about their money.
This bank is so slow.
After even more time, i'm finding they just keep surprising me with terrible service.
My wife and i have several accounts to divvy up funds so that we can keep  track more easily.
They really don't care about customers, their circumstances, or the whole idea of providing a service.
It's just so much trouble to change banks, but we may have to do so.
He was our banker and super cool!!
Where has the  customer service gone?
Our other bank said here's a copy of the funds that b of a has withdrawn, show them .
They have our money already we don't understand why they're holding it for 10 days.
We're done with this bank!!
If you want customer service do not go to b of a
Great location and awesome that there's an atm drive though service.
The accountants and bankers are very polite and understanding.
Special shout out to anthony wesson for providing exceptional customer service.
I've been banking here for a long time.
They have awesome customer service.
My loan officer was ryan lopez.
My loan processor was stephanie cooper.
She also has many years of experience and it showed as she processed my loan.
In addition, i also saved a lot of money in closing costs compared to the other lenders i shopped with.
As a long time banking customer of one nevada, my recent mortgage experience just solidifies my relationship with one nevada.
He had a bank account at bofa.
I told him i needed an estate account per my lawyer.
I told him again i needed an estate account.
Then i ask to pull out some money and he says i'll have to wait in line for a teller.
Fast forward a day, i decide to go to a different branch to pull out money.
The customer service there is terrible.
I saw blanca last friday to open a new account.
I have already began closing my accounts.
Great customer service and great insurance!
You can wait around for a while before getting service, or they will help you right away.
Tomorrow we go down to one az and close our account.
As of 12/31/2017 they deducted $7.00 from the account for inactivity.
Can not believe they deduct a fee because we did not use the account.
There is no logical reason as there is no expense on their part for having the account open.
They have since dropped being a service center.
They have always been a great banking facility.
I bought cars through them and i've had my account with them for a very long time.
I've tried other banks but love nevada federal because of their service when you walk into their branches.
It's nice to sit down at a desk and talk to your banker.
Great selection and customer service.
Honestly, the worst service i have ever experienced with bofa.
The customer service was horrendous, not even a simple "we'll be with you shortly" or an "thank you for waiting".
I have been banking at this location for years and have always been treated with the utmost respect .
All the bank personal are very friendly and professional.
Will, the branch manager always goes out of his way to help me with my business account and personal.
If you need an honest professional banker i would highly recommend this branch and will.
Thank you for the great service!
I think i can safely say that i will never put my money in a bigger type bank ever again!
If your still banking at chase or wamu i highly suggest a switch you'll never be happier.
Bad customers service .
This bank is amazing.
But other then that this bank is amazing.
Not for profit financial services.
So no worries that some big bank will take over my credit union.
Great people on the personal banker side.
Represent the bank well.
Ass backwards and i get the reason they are charging such redick feel like this and it's all banks .
It's a tactic to get you to open an account which i will never do because i already have one.
.fdic needs to get their shit together.. awful way of making money.
This is our money, not theirs and they will not relinquish it even with the proper paper work submitted.
One personal banker, two tellers, one preoccupied greater, and a mystical voice from behind a door.
You will get the best service.
After fed up with my bank nsb, i gave a try cccu for just to get my second home loan.
Dawn young, is very knowledgeable person at this location and she exactly told me what loan fit to us.
I love working with him, it's great to know that customer service still exists.
If anyone needs a bank/banker/ financial assistance, check this particular location and ask for james.
I've used various pc financial services (debit card, credit card, tfsa, rrsp) for about 10 years, and i'm very satisfied.
We've always felt like valued members and we've always received great customer service.
Excellent customer service yesterday!
This is the worst banking experience that i've had.
I called before arrival and asked about depositing a check drawn on a foreign account and was given the ok.
I'm looking for a local bank and would have opened an account there but i'll never be back.
The worst wannabe bank ever!
It's good money that has passed clearing months ago.
Pay the fees and stick with the real banks.
I immediately closed the wells checking account and set up automatic payments from my regular chase checking account--much more convenient!
The staff could not have been more accommodating and informative  very happy with the service and respect i received.
I have been banking with scotiabank for over 15 years and have never had a cheque bounce.
Scotiabank is incredibly conservative and as a customer they make you feel as though they do not trust you.
Shelly webb has always gladly helped me with all of my banking needs.
I will never bank with another banking institution.
When i first started working with shelly for my banking needs, it was at the centennial hills location.
Take your money out!!!
Credit unions offer better services to the community for no/lower fees .
This is how major banks work.
They make money off investing your money while charging you high fees every step of the way.
This bank is the friendliest in vegas!!!
It's not her fault one of the largest banks in america can't staff their locations correctly.
Told me loan approval would take 2 days.
If u bank here u have to come early.
All my banking need is here.
No better place to get your best rates for your loans.
The slowest bank of america branch ever!
I waited one hour in line for my merchant account deposits....
Especially when merchant rates just increased and service is less than par.
I recommend coming here for all your banking needs!
Dont use wells fargo for personal account
I went and discussed when i needed with my business loan.
I'm not sure whether i'll get the loan or not but that will be revealed in stories to come.
I love going to this bank.
Coming to this bank is so dreadful.
I went in to close and account and worked with connie chavez who is absolutely wonderful.
Upgraded my account as it should have been in the first place and i had been missing out on.
Do not trust their bill pay service - cost me $300 in late fees!
Oh wait...the stop pay will take 3-4 business days before they can return the funds to my account.
Here's my guarantee - you will be worse off for using their services.
After being a customer of dollar bank since 1997 you would think i would be considered a valued customer.
Customer service states it is bank policy to only waive one late fee for the entire life of the loan.
I have dealt with many banks and have had mostly positive experiences.
Don't believe that dollar bank is some old moral bank with ethics.
Customer service now treats you like you're a criminal .
I experienced excellent customer service today at western states bank.
Do not open an account here.
She was extremely helpful and aggressive at helping us get a loan for our new home.
I never been angry at a bank like this.
Just because i withdrawn a huge amount of money they held me for 30 minutes.
I almost closed my account today.
When the word "disappointed" comes to mind, this bank will forever come to mind.
I went here to cash a check that was given to me that was written from this bank.
I went in as they were opening and the bank teller was putting her shoes on.
She then said that i could open an account and proceded to tell me all about the accounts they have.
She then still tried to get me to open an account!
I told her again no thank you i am happy with my bank.
They are the best bank i've been with and every branch is friendlier than the last.
Worst bank i've dealt with in a long time.
Fine, i've moved all my money transactions to another bank.
The banking staff are very pleasant and always helpful.
They are like over protective mothers, is me money not insured?
Clearly just another bank that won't work with its customers.
Snotty attitude from the banker when i called to sort it out.
Two "personal bankers" sat behind desks watching the wait and their computer screens.
They explained all of my coverage's and saved us a lot of money.
The best thing about this bank is that they make you feel like more than just another person.
Deer valley credit union has been my bank for more than 20 years.
She assisted me to great satisfaction and shared information with me to prevent future mishaps with my account.
Service like this makes me want to continue on as a customer.
I love this bank.
Great costumer service each time i walk in.
Every other bank lacks what this bank has.
I will always use this bank.
Whether you need a to open or move a personal or business account this is the bank for you.
Awesome, awesome customer service!
Their online banking and billpay is extremely user-friendly.
I have several "club" accounts where i can designate money for specific purposes.
Crediting or debiting the wrong accounts is not unusual due to their account numbering structure.
Sure they correct the errors, but there is little accountability since it happens often.
I am so excited, i finally closed my account with them!
I personally do not bank with us bank because of the terrible service i receive here.
I am forced to corporately use this bank and i dread going here.
I'm always so confused at the pretentious nature of the service.
Just opened a brand new account, was told that check deposits would take 2-3 business days to process.
I still don't have my money.
Charging me a few for services that they can't provide.
She provides the highest level of customer service, professionalism, very easy to talk to and friendly.
They don't care if you close your account because of their fault instead of getting things right.
I've done some banking here a few times.
I came in to get a money order (i was told they could do them here).
I do find the service here and at their other branch to be slow.
I don't bank here, but do the banking for someone else that does.
Great place to get my banking done.
Recently my husband & i were married & stopped at this location to open a joint savings & checking!
I have been here in about 3 time in need of assistance of a banker.
I have been very happy with their service at this location.
This branch is all about quick service and making sure you have been helped!
I have been banking with one nevada for over 8 years now.
I have never had an issue until this year when i had fraudulent charges on my account.
This bank does not care about its employees or customers.
Their service is terrible, managers don't make eye contact for fear of getting yelled at.
Worse customer service from cibc!
"imperial services" is a joke!
Their service has turned out to be superior any time i need them.
Well, it's a bank :) what would i do to enhance the experience?
I've been banking here for a very long time and will consider going to bank somewhere else.
They say money can't buy happiness, but it can!!
Stopped by this bank to get some cash for my skinny wallet, i needed lottery money.
This location was super clean, very modern and beautiful, and overall looks like any ole chase bank.
Their free coffee was definitely free if you into that stuff, and their service sucks as always.
I can't wait till robots take over bank tellers.
Overall a typical chase bank.
Great service and selection!
She is the perfect balance of insurance knowledge & customer service.
I hate dealing with this bank.
I don't want to wait for 25 minutes to deposit a check into my own account.
The best place hands down for home loans.
But what really makes this branch great is their bankers.
I always get so much help from jonathan- he's my personal banker.
I've bank with chase bank for 5+ years already and i really enjoy using all chase atm's.
I like that idea which it will keep non-chase customers away from the bank.
I'd change banks if this was the experience i could expect from my bank.
This bank is really from a bygone era with beautifully decorated ceilings, velvet curtains, chandeliers, beautifully designed.
Worth a special visit as anyone can enter and take a look around during normal bank hours.
Justin fliek helped me on my business account.
Great service and courteous employees.
This was the nearest wells fargo to me and my banker was javier lopez.
He assisted me in many ways with my banking needs and questions.
The succinct description is that our recent mortgage banking experience was legendary!
I closed my personal account years ago after getting the run-around at their downtown glendale location.
God awful customer service by the "supervisor" herself.
After coming in, the male teller claimed he didn't "work" with accounts and needed to get the supervisor.
She needs to find a new job, she clearly dislikes customer service her and isn't good at this specific field.
People like her are the reason i'm so glad to have bank of america as my bank!
I am reviewing this bank as part of the history of montreal.
This place is what a hobo dreams a bank would be like.
We have had several car loans from this credit union and couldn't be happier.
Thank you for your great service.
I've seen the customer service here decline each and every time i've been here over the last 2 years.
Really is difficult to become excited about "banks" whether it is a real bank, credit union or insurance company.
Great service, wonderful people and terrific rates!
Try their auto buying service, it is excellent as is their used car warranty plan.
Service is nice but again 1 teller for a line of people on a friday?
This bank is consistently bad.
Service is so hit and miss here.
I use the drive up services once a week.
She offers excellent customer service.
While i am not doing my mortgage through chase, i do bank here and needed bank statements and documents notarized.
Well, not if you bank at credit union west!
I gave up and decided to stop at one of the tons of big name banks i kept passing.
Banking with a credit union just gets easier and easier!
No type of customer service.
There is an actual bank at this location
I also had the best loan experience.
From my primary loan to my heloc.
I hate bank of america with a passion.
Was with another bank before that absolutely would not work with me at all.
I needed a bank that would work with me and grow with me.
Thank you for the great customer service and going above and beyond.
I am staying with your bank.
I love this bank if only there were more valley locations.
No hidden extra charges you get with other banks.
When i got to work, i checked online banking and it showed an $35 nsf fee.
Needless to say, i closed the account, not going to be prey to that practice anymore.
What ever happen to customer service?
I am not  fan of chase bank.
My personal accounts are elsewhere but i assist someone with their chase account and occasionally have to deal with them.
If you must bank with chase, you'll do ok here.
Remove the last name of this banker.
If the bank is the issue take it up with bank of america.
Again, i would strongly discourage you from spending your hard earned money at this branch.
Bank of america if you have so much business/customers thats great but you should hire more bankers then only 2.
Wtf you're not a little bank, thats supper frustrating
There is usually a wait no matter what branch you go to if you need to see a personal banker.
It's my first time opening an account at one nevada credit union.
She is the definition of an awesome banker!
She helped me open up an account with my personal loan.
She gave a very personable experience and i like to know that there are bankers like her around.
I've had my account with chase for more than 25 years.
Bank branches are dying because people do their banking online.
My direct deposit should be changed tomorrow, so i'll be able to close my remaining chase account.
You're a bank !
Where is your customer service?
I even had my car loan through them with a great interest rate.
The money was taken out anyway.
I go to the bank to talk about the $300 in fees they charged.
I will never bank here again.
Update info please on social accounts.
They were even able to get me a great rate on a car loan.
Wanted me to wait 1 hour to payoff and close my account
I wouldn't usually review a bank but this location did impress.
The service is very nice and personalized and the staff are eager to suggest solutions to your financial concerns.
Best of all, by banking with azstcu you are keeping your money in this state and supporting local enterprise.
This is a clear indication of how this bank operates overall.
There are banks on every corner who want your business and care about you.
Awful service, 1 teller on duty with bankers walking around the line that is forming clear back to the door.
Suzie d helped me open my first bank account.
I am so happy doing my banking at one nevada credit union!
She was friendly and easy to talk to about my need for a separate account.
It only took her a few minutes to set everything up so i could start saving for our family vacation.
Thank you margaret and one nevada for taking good care of my banking needs!!
You can see all your accounts, transfer funds within, and your balance increase and decrease exactly with each transaction.
Second, all the people in multiple cities that work for this bank have impressed me.
This was never my choice of bank.
They took over my bank years ago.
Now they're saying other people can't make cash deposits to my account.
What kind of bank doesn't accept cash?
Wells fargo was very friendly when i opened my account with them.
Joe and his staff are fantastic; i get fantastic service every time i visit this branch.
Why our company uses this bank is beyond me.
Same issues with their credit card service.
They still declined me for credit card processing account and gave no reasons.
Us bank is the worst ever.
I am old enough to have had several banks over the years, and still have two others.
I can say without qualification that usbank is simply awful.
First, i attempted to set up a new checking account online.
I authorized transfer of funds from another account.
So a week later, i went in person to open an account.
About a week later customer service called to let me know that my online application had been approved.
After all, who waits two weeks to let you give them money.
Next problem, i wrote a check on one of my other accounts to deposit into this one.
The check cleared by other account seven days ago.
Still, usbank has failed to make it available to me.
I could understand if the check were drawn on john doe with the bank of nigeria.
Instead it was drawn on my own account and was paid eight days ago today.
Oh, i forgot, i called customer service about this problem.
Usbank has zero customer service and may have claim to being the worst bank in the country.
However, i have only banked with twenty banks or so, thus i cannot confirm the right to that title.
Good service and they don't rip you off.
Bank of america used to be a personal and friendly banking experience.
With them and strongly suggest that if customer service is a value to you, bank elsewhere!
Never had walked out of a bank branch until now.
Got the money reversed with the state.
No one else in bank.
Therefore, he heard, but def the teller heard me say i want to close my accounts.
And i will see if chase can match the car loan deal.
Chase gives free accounts to vets.
I left a 17 year relationship with bank of america for compass in oct. 2012.
I'm very happy with the customer service i receive every time i stop by.
I highly recommend them as being a yes bank instead of a no bank.
I received excellent customer service from maria moran!
She was very thorough in explaining all the details of the different services they have to offer.
She took the time to ensure i chose the right checking account, by explaining in detail how each one works.
We used them for our orginal loan and our refinance.
They where quick with getting our loan done also.
Got a vehicle loan with them.
Worst experience ever, no customer service, all in all just a worthless company with terrible employees.
I telephoned bank of the west today about a pending financial transaction.
Great marks all the way around for miss elvie - bank of the west is lucky to have her!
Great people providing great service!
In addition to the lack of a line, the service was friendly, fast and provided with a smile.
I have my auto loan through them, and they can do literally nothing over the phone.
My first interaction with customer service was actually really good when my account first overdrafted.
This is truly a bank where customers come last.
Opened an account here today and received excellent customer service from peggy.
Absolute garbage will not work with you on any loans.
Will hold you hostage and freeze your accounts.
They froze mine on an account that my dad opened up for me when i was a kid.
I kept using it for 20 plus years i didn't know his name was on my account.
So unknowingly they held my account hostage to get his payment when it was my money that i earned.
I've been banking with this bank since i was 14 when i got one of my first jobs and loblaws.
I can say that i've never had a problem with this bank.
I personally would recommend this bank, but please read the rest of my review.
Not too bad - the companies involved stopped the charges or refunded the money that had already been taken.
I entered with two out of state checking accounts, a recent large deposit, and a barely used checking account.
I was helped this afternoon by the senior personal banker, monica l. she was incredible.
She explained everything, made recommendations, and helped me put my accounts in the best position to work for me.
I came away with an arizona checking account and a money market account.
The two out of state accounts will be transitioned out once the fraud charges have been restored.
I have been a boa customer for 8 years, but rarely use their services other than online.
I have always heard credit unions are great banks for car loans and other financial needs.
I would not recommend using them for any financial services.
Worst customer service ever so slow they have many window and no tellers.
If there could be less than 1 star for karinas customer service skills, i would put it.
As a manager of my own company, customer service is the number one priority.
She needs to be trained by someone who has amazing customer service skills like the tellers like jessica or diana!
I scoured the internet to find the bank or credit union that was offering the lowest rate.
I was so impressed by her prompt service and attention to detail.
I have both my auto loans through one nevada.
Did not appreciate the experience i had in applying for a loan.
I received what i consider to be very poor service.
No money at a bank.
I've had the worst experience at oneaz cu then any i've ever had at any bank or credit union.
Representative farrah smallcanyon in the heloc department provided the worst service i've ever received.
I'm not the biggest fan of pnc banks, but this one was pretty decent.
15 people in line and only one bank teller working?
B of a has failed the customer service test at this branch.
Everyone is always very knowledgeable and helpful with my banking needs.
I love banking here and will continue to do so because of the staff and the amazing app.
That's what you call amazing service.
This is the worst bank in the entire world!
The same thing happened 2 hours previous for another account with 2 cash transactions.
I would change banks but we have too many accounts there.....
The best customer service i received here was during my account cancellation.
I never received checks or a decent customer service experience, until i cancelled my account that is.
I use bank of america for our business.
Everyone is very helpful and it's nice to have in a bank because not all banks are like that.
If you're looking for competent, friendly, local service on your loan, do not go here.
Best credit union/bank.. join you won't regret it.
I don't have an account with them, but i use the atm services once in a while.
Centennial has a no hassle business model - offers fair pricing, amazing customer service and a true no pressure experience.
Customer service was terrible to begin with.
I have yet to have any problems with any of my accounts with them and dig their low rates.
So i took the dive and switched my banking over to pc and had my paycheque changed over also.
Now before i get any further here let me state that everything after this point was a customer service issue.
It has nothing to do with the fact that pc financial is not a full service bank.
Isn't it the customer service person's job to try to keep new business?
So basically the issue here is that there wasn't really any customer service provided by pc financial.
Two and a half hours to get approved for a loan when i was a previous customer.
Absolutely ridiculous experience and they actually wanted me to sign up for an account with them.
I'll never go back to a bank of america now!
Time for a serious look at this corporation by national bank examiners.
Do not use their atm  attempted to withdraw $ for a bike cab when in phoenix using my bank's card.
Their atm proceeded to charge me the withdraw amount plus $3 but game me no money.
Victorious in the fact i don't have a bank account with these unresponsive a holes.
Thank fsm for local banks!
Worst customer service ever.
I will no longer do business with this bank.
Highly recommend sergio becerra to anyone that's looking to buy a house and need a loan officer.
A: if you are the blue diamond location of bank of america, the correct answer is 2.
Been banking at another bank for years and i wish i would of switched a long time ago.
Credit union west was recommended to me for a home equity loan.
If you need an account, do not hesitate to speak to vanessa, jody, tito or ken.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that does not have an account thanks with a different bank.
Thank you for service!
I would give this place a 10/10 for customer service.
I would definitely come back to this location again for that 5 star service!
I had no money on my daughters 4th birthday because i still had no card.
I am sick of it and going in first thing tomorrow and getting my money out.
Never put your money in that place.
That bank people sucks they try take your money watch out and count your money wen u live this place
Come on credit union - put an option for entering your own fast cash limit and saving it.
Customer service, remember that?
Will this get to two months now without my money?
I have been borrowing money from family to feed myself and my child.
I really did like this bank that's why i have had them so long.
This experience has told me that there are major underlying issues though with this bank.
I will have to change banks to something by my house.
This is by far the worst bank i have ever been in.
Only reason i come here is to send my mother money.
It's too the point that i'm asking my mother to switch banks now.
Fix your customer speed of service.
I went in to make changes to my account.
It reminds me why i bank here!
I went here to open a second chance checking account.
It was super easy to open an account.
* all transactions hit your account immediately, so you don't have to worry about being overdrawn.
Cons for second chance checking: * they charge you a fee of $20 a month.
My review is in regards to home loans.
I have worked with loan representative, matthew fitzpatrick, for a couple of years.
There are no other "big banks" i would refer other than chase, and most specifically matthew.
All other bank employees do nothing to reduce the line except say "welcome in".
I would never bank with them.
Now they are not accepting cash deposits into other people's accounts unless you have a bofa account.
Let me say that again... a us bank does not accept us legal tender unless you give them your business.
Unbelievable what they think they can get away with.... do not bank here for any reason.....
Oh well back to physically going into the bank to make a payment.
I use them for checking, savings, and auto loans.
The costumer service here is very slow.
This bank locations in charlotte are very inconvenient.
They need to have more banks open on saturdays.
Cindy burgoz is what i call the epitome of quality customer service.
Please accept my gratitude towards her and your firm for the efficient service provided.
Never recommend this bank!!!
They lie to customers, steal your money
I got my home loan here (was recommended by my friend).
Dawn, the home loan specialist has made my experience flawless, a positive one.
I would not hesitate to approach her again for a car loan in the future..
I have been banking here for over 20 years and have been happy with the service and convenience.
The customer service is excellent and tito, the manager, is always outgoing and helpful.
I'm closing all accounts here as soon as is feasible.
This is the worst bank of america i have ever been in.
I will never go back to this bank.
Suzie was excellent helping me apply for my first loan and credit card!
The worse bank ever!!
Horrible customer service and bank.
Vanessa is the only one that always provides he best service.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
I made the best financial decision by banking here!!!
Corie the bank manager is amazing and very informative.
Her excellent customer service is top notch and all the other girls are wonderful too.
Poor or no customer service.
Understaffed, slow service, and lines too long!
As a realtor, it is crucial to have good communication with your loan officer.
He truly cares about his clients and takes great care in providing them with the best service possible.
We asked why and there own staff, customer service and internal departments could not provide an answer.
Go find a bank that actually cares about your needs and your small business.
Cibc is not that bank.
I recently got hit with fraud on my account, and was notified as soon as it happened.
It is good bank.
My experience with setting up new accounts, buying money orders or just having a question answered have all been positive.
Is this bank of america or some restaurant???
I have "banked" at crdit unions for over 40 years.
They are not as "greedy" as banks.
Great personalized service, they know us and never send us away displeased.
For any loan needs .....please go see dawn at the decatur branch.....you will be treated like royalty!!
My husband i are thoroughly please and would recommend cccu  & dawn for any home loan needs!
My dad happens to bank here and i had to become the poa.
My god worst bank experience.
When they realized their mistake they declined the loan.
I provided my approval letter from them and they did the loan.
You were wrong that they are behind the times and correct that they make money off of stealing from members.
They have the lowest level of competence of any bank i've ever dealt with.
Super friendly service today by the banker who helped us open a savings account!
He told us to have a seat and that the banker would be right out.
The whole process didn't take long and the banker was beyond friendly.
Had a good experience when signing up for account.
They have really stepped up there customer service experience.
This bank all in all is horrible.
They lied about receiving a $150 bonus, which is the only reason i opened the account.
Stay away from this crappy bank.
I walked in to open a business checking with all my paper work and opening deposit.
The retail banking manager told me to leave my number and someone will call..what tf is going on.
The pros: - friendly customer service.
- decent car-loan rates.
- charges account fees.
This bank is generally okay.
I appreciate great customer service being provided all the time but sadly this place does not give that
This bank made my parents feel like people and not numbers or money.
A line is building up behind me and her customer service is highly lacking.
Will never ever bank with cibc or simplii.
I was at chase bank yesterday.
Large branch for all you personal and business banking needs.
My savings and checking accounts were linked from the beginning.
(i have never had a nsf check previously at any banking institution!)
Then, they transferred funds from checking to cover the $29 nsf charge.
He chose to close both my accounts rather than be professional and fair.
I would never recommend this savings account to anyone!!
I value their work and that is why i bank with them.
I'm young and i'm a little new to actually doing business with this bank on my own without my parents.
Not only that but they like to charge my account $7 for every time i transfer money to my account.
You're better off with managing your own money because you can do whatever you want.
I'm getting sick of all these silly little fees because this is money me and others work hard for.
Even gave me the addresses of the nearest sister branches i could go to to retrieve money from my account.
Worse customer service i've ever experienced from a credit union.
Now they are going to start charging a checking account fee.
They said that they have too many accounts that aren't being used enough!
For the customers that do use their checking accounts; many have to watch every single dime right now!
I guess they need to drop the name "credit union" and replace it with "bank".
Cashier's check easily obtained with no account but a credit card with them.
I only frequent the bank once a monthly maybe and for them to remember was pretty surprising and appreciated.
All the space is taken up with cubes and desks to speak with a banker.
We expect the bank to open up when it says to open.
I was referred to one nevada by a friend and wanted to say the service i received was incredible.
Great friendly service from rebecca.
Come here and deposit or withdraw money.
But i wont forget the trouble that i had with this discount provider of banking servces.
Derrick martial is the man can get your auto loan with no hassle.
I didn't have any difficulty to get my loan with 1.9 apr.
I will not bank anywhere else
The bank itself sucks as they charge high fees, but the staff is great.
They told me i should call the bank that issued the check to make sure it's valid.
I'll likely be changing banks in a few months once i've settled in my new life.
Ok maybe it's just how bank of america runs in vegas.
Worst drive thru customer service i've experienced ever.
It's like they're mad at me for giving them money.
I've banked here for over a year and it's been this way the entire time.
These people need to learn what customer service means.
I am in the process of closing my accounts at oneaz forever.
The customer service is quite slow.
Worst bank ever i have been with bank of america for years.
The way they treat customers is frustrating, because of this branch location i closed my account.
When asked to increase this obviously inadequate amount he was told that increases were not available for new account holders.
I have gone about 3 times because it is close to my house and they have the worst customer service.
Time to mix it up... with a review of my bank!
I started with them when i opened my first bank account in georgia close to 15 years ago.
He loves his bank, but i somehow convinced him to keep our shared account at bofa.
Nonetheless, i'm still a loyal bofa customer and can't complain about their services at all.
I'm not losing money either though.
I have a business that needs a real bank.
If you need a real bank with real people to help you, this isn't it.
Horrible service, horrible place.
These people have no idea what they are doing- do not trust them with your money.
Recently the corporate entity of us bank decided to start charging for paper statements.
This was told to me by an account person.
I've been with this bank for over 5 years now.
The two payments went through on the 5th and overdrafted my account.
I am out of gas and money (thanks to ssscu) and can't make money now unless they reverse the fee.
This bank only cares about money and they likely punish management if they show any compassion for their members.
He is going back to see if he can get a better rate on his auto loan.
Thank you for the continued excellent service after all these years!
One nevada employs knowledgeable loan officers that will make sure you get what you deserve with your money.
Uwcu has been the best banking experience i've ever had.
When i took out a car loan, a similar thing happened.
), i was approved for a very large loan at the lowest rate available.
Worst customer service ever.
He took the hassle of my car buying experience by providing excellent customer service.
I was in line today to talk to someone about my account around almost 1 o'clock...
We went through them for a home equity loan.
It's been 6 six weeks and we finally got a call telling us they declined our loan after pre-approving us.
By far the worst bank ever.
Walked in, got an account with no issues in less than 30 minutes.
Your money is 100% available, no lock in cd etc.
You receive reimbursement up to $20 on atm fees at other banks if you meet the qualifications above.
Bank is a scam the manipulate transactions.
Customer service is horrible and have never spoke to anyone even a bit of helpful.
I will be cancelling this account within the next 24 hours.
If i could afford to waste money on monthly fees or debit fees i'd switch banks in half a second.
I hear that the better banks don't charge for the service
I have gone to plenty of other wells fargo locations where the service is excellent.
As a business banking customer, it shows they do not value or respect my time or business.
I want to switch banks because of the rude service today.
She was so impressed she is transferring her accounts from b of a to this other bank (chase).
Very frustrating for a bank customer to not be able to call their branch and get help or information.
Shouldn't the loan officer know that would be needed?!?
Just like wenchi said, we got the excuse that it was because they had so many loans to deal with.
I asked for him to please let me know if one nevada was too busy to service my loan.
Roger then called saying we needed to show more money for our 20% down payment.
Everyone should bank at one nevada it's the best....
I was inside the bank last year and tried to withdraw $12k in cash from my account.
They said they didn't have that much money on the property and would have to give me a cashiers check.
How can a bank that is suppose to make customers transactions for an entire day not have $12k on hand???
Wells fargo is making it almost impossible to bank with them
Unfortunately, i've never had particularly good service from this one.
So as soon as my automatic payroll deposits transfer away from oneaz, i'll be closing my account.
The online banking isn't very good but everyone at the branch was very helpful.
The accounts are free, and there is zero customer service.
The store "bankers" are shady, the telephone support is untrained and foreign.
This bank is trash.
I had a few personal accounts and a small business account.
I opened the business after a young dark haired girl at the bank spoke to me about the bank.
Besides her, i don't think anything else about this bank is worth while.
The service, claim system, and reps have always been stellar, until now.
Hopefully i won't get charged for service i have cancelled.
Never thought i would be reviewing a bank, but that's the beauty of yelp!
I have been with this bank for about 8 years or so and have never had a problem with them!
I love their free checking and i have a savings account with them as well.
They have always been fair and their customer service is unequalled.
Can you say that about any of these huge corporate banks...?
This bank may not be the worst of the worst but it is certainly approaching it.
Eventually i was able to open an account here.
I had both a checking and savings account.
This was the only time i have ever had any bank list an error on my account.
If it tells you anything, ohio savings has since changed its name to amtrust bank.
This bank is horrible.
The employees are great but that doesn't help when the bank itself is horrible.
The online banking system is annoying and you cannot do simple functions like change your address.
The pin protects your bank statements but not your accounts.
You can go into the account and pay all kinds of things but you can't get your statement.
If you need to use on line banking stay away from this backward, annoying bank.
I have my car loan through this credit union.
I have a merchant account brokerage company that works with dozens of different processors in the industry.
I assisted a client with 5 accounts with ems in early of 2013.
Merchant processed on only 1 account.
Within a week, account was terminated due to a few chargebacks.
More numerous calls were made, thousands of dollars spent on monthly charges for 4 accounts that were never even used.
All banks are awful.
There's a bank for everyone and i really wish there was some sort of "which bank is best for you?"
They ship them out at record speed, unlike some of the other banks.
While you can withdraw money from american atms, you can't use debit the way you can with other bank cards.
Bottom line:  this is a no frills bank.
This is not the first time bank of america has been like this with limited employees
I walked in and was helped immediately, but the banker assisting me didn't give me any guidance or options.
Ok place to get a loan.
Lousy place to bank.
Tellers are friendly and personable...just not worthwhile if your looking to automate your bank.
I would highly recommend never using this bank.
So of course i made it different days money ain't easy and that was very weird.
So if you still have a account with b of a, please got to this branch.
Got their visa card from costco because costco ended their relationship with american express and began a relationship with citibank.
I went to costco's service desk and they told me it was citibank's problem, not theirs.
I used another visa card to pay, came home and called citibank.
Bank of america is my bank of over 20 years and i can't stand them.
As a long time bank of america customer i thought...
Bank of america got rid of their drive through - chase has one.
I've had only positive experiences at this bank.
I tried to give them my money and business and they just wouldn't take it.
Very disappointed in the service on the application process.
The service is exceptional!!!
She set really took care of me, refreshing change of banks.
Customer service is very good.
Whoever is in charge of their customer service department is doing a great job.
Setting up a new customer account is sometimes time-consuming and it stinks when a customer cancels the very next month.
Went to bank of america this morning and ended up closing my account.
The account should close when it's empty.
Done with this bank!
Pretty good for a bank.
I'm surprised that there is such a low rating for this bank because i have regularly had good experience here.
So my other bank is the most widely hated corporation on the face of the earth.
I'm rarely in the bank for more than a few minutes.
My other bank otoh is always long line.
So by comparison i would say that this banks performance is good.
One nevada on craig road in north las vegas has the best customer service.
If you want great service and great communication with quality standards she's the one to see
His service is impeccable.
Thanks mackenzie for making time for my loan and helping me reschedule my appointment.
Please forget cibc bank ,go there never .
There is  different trick there for making money of their customers.if you experienced this before you could understand me .
I moved all my accounts to sunwest!
On top of that, you almost always get really good service, like you're in a traditional store.
Jennifer, who pretends to manage this branch has no customer service skills and it's shows through her and her staff.
If i could give dollar bank a 0 star rating, i would.
My husband and i have used dollar bank for over 8 years.
I would strongly advise anyone who is considering a new bank to steer clear of dollar bank.
Dollar bank is severely lacking in customer service.
My husband and i have spent hours going through calls with their customer service department.
This is only one example of many headache-producing phone calls which went nowhere with dollar bank.
I'm very thankful for their service and i would recommend this store to anyone.
I have banked here for a few years now.
I cannot appreciate the personal banker ivy zhang for all her help.
I work in a customer service driven industry, thus i have high standards which are not usually met.
Stay away or you could lose some serious money/deals.
I was pleased with the service i received.
I have numerous services with them, joint checking account, credit card, auto insurance and a line of credit.
Use capitol one,  ,save  nightmares bogus accounting,"lost funds",insults,inexperience.
So helpful and took care of my car loan refi quickly with little hassle.
Fast, and saving almost 3% apr!
I've been banking here for over a year now and couldn't imagine going anywhere else with my money.
Citibank took over costco amex account.
Nearly impossible to reach customer service.
They did not apply credits due from amex account and it was a battle to get assistance.
Service is generally good, hours are good and they are open on sunday.
I have always received amazing service.
However since this bank did a technology upgrade it has made my life much harder.
Like many people i work very hard for my money but still live pay check to pay check.
I called the bank to ask why my check was late.
Called bank and was told they would have it deposited to my account in 30 mins.
What kind of service is this?
Every one of my coworkers who use other banks in az have there checks deposited shortly after midnight.
And a shame bank members have to deal with this added headache.
I for one will unfortunately be looking for a new bank.
It's a shame because i loved my bank but now i am forced to go elsewhere.
When we first signed up there were no fees at any bank's atms.
Go inside a cvs or drive thru any bank - nope not the same, not even close!!!
Customer service turned it off.
No phone call, no e-mail, no note on the account, nothing!
Oh and customer service does nothing but say "just wait".
Seriously, this bank is a joke!
They advertise free accounts, but i have found that the opposite is true.
More of my money went to them than to me or my household accounts.
The customer service is often not helpful.
I am definitely cancelling my account.
While writing this, i realized it's time to close the account and call it a day.
When i realized it, i ventured back to the bank but it was gone.
Too many advantages over banks!
You are a member/owner and are treated as such even if you only have a few dollars in your account!!!
I went to the b of a down the street, where i have savings and checking account , also.
Considering closing my accounts with wells fargo.
I grew up around this area and my mom have banked with location for years.. back when it was bankone.
They said it'll be at least a 40 min wait because all the bankers are busy at the moment.
The one banker that said he's going to lunch is now helping someone else at the kiosks near the entrance.
I sound kind of whiny but it sounds like they are trying to discourage people from seeing a banker.
So update... we sat down w/ a banker, ill give them that it was less than a 40 minute wait.
But the banker was extremely rude, it seems like that is the norm for this location.
I have been banking with them since feb of 2017.
For example, i check my account regularly.
When i call customer service, no one shows any empathy or even apologizes for misinformation given.
The service is great and their mobile app is super easy to use.
Come bank with one nevada credit union !
I decided to switch over because this bank was so much better than the one i was with before hand.
Always slow and never can help with anything if you are not a member of their stupid ass bank.
Fuck bank of america.
Thx u gisela for doing such a wonderful job in explaining everything when opening my new account,  much appreciated...
We came back today at 525pm and we were turned away because (1) person was waiting for a banker.
I then asked who was responsible for management and was given a bankers business card.
Great service at this branch.
Went in to open a savings account and it was so quick and easy.
Thank you one nevada for the great service.
My bank for life now !
Awesome customer service !
Been banking here for 6 years and never had one problem.
Overall a good bank
I've been with this credit union for nearly 10 years and have never recieved such shitty service.
Do not use this bank if you need to ever access more than $200 cash at a time.
These people hold your money hostage.
I also can't close my account because i'm limited to taking out $200 a day.
So i now have to take out $200 cash a day until the account is drained to close the account.
I wouldn't recommend this bank to anyone.
The bank officers and account managers are cold, unsympathetic, and rude.
The main room is modern, professional and very bank-like.
It's hit or miss whether they'll charge $5 for making a money order, or they'll do it for free.
Here's my honest opinion of the pros and cons of banking at az state credit union: cons:  1.
Their savings account will give you 1/2 of 1% interest.
Calling the bank doesn't help answer your questions.
Pros: none, i am getting my direct deposit transferred asap and going to use my wells fargo and scottrade  accounts.
8 years of banking at azstcu and finally realized they are terrible.
I've been with bank of america for somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 years or more.
Fees for "dormant" account stripped me of $20 over the course of a year and a half.
The gentleman there in the back office was nice and informative and that is about where the good service ends.
I'm a big fan of citibank, and this is my local branch.
All i wanted her to do was increase my limit so i can get my money out.
She held me up for 30 minutes doing her own investigation on my money!
I told her i will close my account when i get ready to.
Who encourages a person to close their account?
Recently moved to town and -- obviously -- had to find a new bank.
It may be that things like banking services aren't so easy to evaluate in this format.
There are many, many variables with banking services and many ways that people can have a less-than-ideal experience.
My main interest is with the basics of checking and savings.
The online banking system is not the most user-friendly one i've encountered, but it seems passable.
Worst bank in town.
I don't recommend going to this bank for anything
Now scottsdale bank you only needs see collage boy here the rest can't add.
If bank on the app and ask question  let say uneducated on technology.
In fact he lets employee be there handling money who cant add the spanish boy.
Terrible bank that steals!
Atm didn't give me the money and said it did, it has been a month,  pnc still has my money!!!
Poor customer service when dealing with their escalation team.
Don't bank with pnc!
Undoubtably the worst customer service of any bank i've ever dealt with.
This wasn't the worst of the customer service issues i've experienced with the bank but easier to explain on yelp.
Don't bank with pnc or you will regret it.
My aunt had an issue while she was on vacation with her account be double charged by a hotel.
When they could not get it resolved, the bank reviewed the account and refunded her the money.
The bank said they will address the corporate office of the hotel to get a refund.
This location is huge and offers shared banking with my credit union...but the service is horrendous!!
With td priding themselves on costumer service this experience has been disgusting .
It might be wise for them to review costumer service etiquette
Pick any bank besides this one, better off putting your money in a shoe box.
Don't get cibc dividend visa cards -   once you close the account you forfeit all the dividend you have earned.
Chase no longer lets others put any amount of cash into another's account.
Even with id, only the account holder may deposit cash to their account.
Terrible customer service from the top management, i have only compliments for the local branch manager.
No waiting time and great customer service!
They took the time to explain the account and perks offered to members and answered all of our questions.
Just moved to the area and my son and i are both in need of local banking.
His work is requiring a routing and account number as soon as possible to continue employment.
I applied for an account for him on line in order to receive the new customer incentive.
I called the toll free number and expressed my urgency to get the account information.
She said if the account was still pending that they could just open an account for me.
First, she told him she couldn't find his account.
She said that didn't matter and i asked her if she could open up an account for him.
She offered a checking account where he had to maintain a $500 balance.
Needless to say after arguing with the woman i instructed my son to leave the bank.
Myself, my son and my daughter all opened an account.
They need to hire employees who are capable of working with the public and understand the meaning of "customer service"!
Worst bank i've ever dealt with.
There app is horrible and you can't even make your loan payment with it.
After having an auto loan with them my vehicle was total loss from an accident.
Yay bank of america!
But it's the bank i've been with ever since i've been in this country.
I can't say much about the interior and the face-to-face service.
Went in to open an account, rep listened to what my intentions for the account were and made a recommendation.
Small bank always a line.
We have now landed at the summerlin bank of america.
Yes bank of america,  ahh the mcdonalds of all banks.
This bank is always efficient and is very clean.
Its this kind of professionalism and customer service that deserves to be recognized.
This branch has helped is out with business accounts, car loan, mortgage, and personal accounts.
I waited around 15 minutes for their customer service to response.
She said ok i will close the account.
& she said i closed your account.
My loan officer was derek taylor.
Easy to use app, all credit cards, debit cards, car loans and house mortgage is in one place.
No matter that the amounts in all my accounts far exceeded the amount of the cheque.
"when you see your account frozen, that is a reason for you to call us."
I have usbank as my bank and only deal with bank of america for business deposits.
I would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage.
They jerked us around for almost 2 months to the point we switched to 5/3 bank.
If dollar bank would have done their job we would have had this deal done before this happened.
My new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank.
Save yourself the trouble and avoid dollar bank at all costs
This bank has absolutely no customer service or technology that's anywhere near current.
I am teenage girl who recently had frod on my account.
Mike takesky even told me i had no reserve funds in my account when i have just about $8,000.
They know that they charge me for fee's daily, and it creates a $34 fee in my bank each time.
This is a crazy nightmare, and worse of all, they have 8k of my money, freaky right?
Cancel my account, send my reserve funds.
I haven't used your service since feb because i was cancelling.
The young lady at the counter was nice, and provided me the basic information in order to open an account.
I inquired about their loan programs, and she arranged for me to speak with another representative.
Yesterday i went in to try to locate some private information stored in an old account.
I have banked with ohio savings since the 70's.
While i cant say that everything was perfect, the bank and i managed to work through most problems that occurred.
All things considered, i felt that there were worse options than keeping my money at ohio savings.
New york community bank has recently taken over all aspects of the business, including customer service, online banking and atm.
The name "ohio savings" has been erased from everything else.
Worse yet, the longstanding history of banking integrity has been erased as well.
Poor service, poor customer relations, downgraded bank services, downgraded online security, are just a few examples.
This was the fault of new york community bank, not ohio savings employees.
Ohio savings is a classic example.
Check online ratings for new york community bank.
So my mom agreed to pay the money to have her account open.
We are in the process of moving our money to a better institution.
Actually paying you interest and limiting bank fees) and some things they're not great at (i.e.
Dealing in foreign currencies, not having real physical banking locations, etc.).
I like that my savings account actually grows.
I like that i can use cibc machines without service charges.
I like the online banking.
Now have email money transfers...ftw!
People who don't understand how to online bank 3.
Even tho it's not there money there spending.
If i worked there i would listen to the customer and why they really needed the money.
Customer service is incredible and the tellers are very friendly.
The accounts are free, but there is zero customer service, especially when you need it.
The "bankers" working in the store are shady, dont keep the bulk of your money there.
Tangerine is also free banking.
I was referred here by my bank, so i gave them a call.
Pc financial is hands down consistently the worst banking institution.
Weeks ago, i ordered a money order of a considerable sum to purchase a car.
The expected delivery of the money order was 5-7 business days in the mail.
I will be cancelling my services immediately and calling the police to investigate the bank for fraud.
Been coming to this credit union twice a month for the past two years to use the shared branch services.
I'll gladly drive a farther distance for better customer service.
I like going in this my local branch bank.
She has the best customer service skills ever....what a doll.
She treats every customer like a they have a million dollars in the bank.
You are an absolute gem, and everyone should bank at cuwest in prescott arizona because of you.
Suze was professional and informed, something that is becoming so rare in customer service.
First year, great rate, no bank fee, awesome.
I have $1000 literally taken away automatically from my account for no reason.
I have made deposit hundreds of times and have no problem with any other banks.
I have already gone emotional for days, but i guess banks have all their sayings in this world.
Will be cancelling all my accounts and credit cards with them.
Great service and they really figure out the best route to take in what u want to accomplish.
I stopped by my local branch because of a problem with my account.
I like going in this my local branch bank.
She has the best customer service skills ever....what a doll.
She treats every customer like they have a million dollars in the bank!
I am currently in tucson and bank there but will be moving to the valley this month.
I kept my chase account open just in case.
While other banks allow you to shut off this "security feature", with oneaz it is a requirement.
You seriously need to get your act together, and it's no wonder people prefer to do business with big banks.
My wife and i came in for an auto loan and rebecca and samantha assisted us.
I didn't have enough money in my account.
The real reason- they can't mess with my money/account so that it balances in their favor.
I thought my bank (which i have several accounts with, by the way) would be more appreciative of my business.
I was given misinformation regarding a very important loan, and there is no one taking responsibility.
After posting my review and i'm happy to say that i feel better than ever about banking here.
I have been banking with citi for 6 years and haven't had any issues.
You also get free wire transfers to other banks.
For atm services, you can use any scotia bank atm free of charge.
If that is something you need often, you will need an account in another bank.
I have been banking at this location for 18 years, mostly out of necessity.
My complaint is that the service has markedly declined over the past 2 years.
The service is slow with typically 1 person working the counter.
There should be a clerk for customers that require a quick service and another for people with their business needs.
This bank is very convenient!
This is my first time banking with af .
Mid first bank credit card customer service is the worst!!!!
Horrible service and continual stupidity throughout the credit card calls.
They are always knowledgeable regarding products and services, and if they aren't sure, they find out instead of guessing.
Maybe it wasn't meant for me to bank with them anyways
I feel comfortable sitting with bankers they always know what they're doing.
It was great team work and excellent service.
Who would think that a simple task of withdrawing my own money would become a difficult one.
Bank somewhere else or visit another branch .
!i just left after they refused to cash a company written check drawn on their bank.
It's my fucking money and you had no right to withhold my money from me any reason.
I want to give a special thanks to eduardo c. thanks so much for displaying such exemplary customer service.
As a professional in the customer services world.
Krystina was my banker and she was very sweet and professional.
Made my week that much better getting my new debit card and cash in mah bank asap.
I have used ing direct (ing) for high rate savings for a few years.
I am happy with the online services that i have received so far.
I have never used its mortgage service, so i cannot attest to it.
Ing was bought by scotia bank (bns) in 2012.
This bank does not accept cash deposits.
They are forcing customers to open an account with a min $500 deposit.
I will never be forced to open an account against my will.
The lines are long and the service is slow.
You earn customers by good service not by miss treating them.
After some changes with rude tellers the bank is much improved.
I needed to begin a new banking relationship in my new neighborhood and thought founders might fit the bill.
The second bad experience was with barbara, she is in charge of loans.
So, it might be good for a personal account but not recommended for business.
Go to a reliable bank that can help you with your business.
We have some parent loans for our kids' college tuition which will be paid off by our kids.
Where is the direction of banking heading?
You walk into the banks now and it's either empty or extremely busy depending on the timeframe you visit.
It was ghost town like none of the cubicles were filled with bankers and the tellers were ummm there..
Very good customer service the teller who helped me was very professional and processed my transaction fast!
The customer service it the worst here.
But the accountants here are even worse.
Because the work in a bank???
I bank here all the time and have come to expect the decent service that they offer.
Best part they don't have after hours customer service so when it happens your just screwed until they open again.
I understand that banks have policies and procedures.... yada yada yada.
But this should not be an excuse for terrible slow, inefficient and unfriendly service.
Once i finish with my business here i plan to cancel all services and have no plans to return.
You're better off stashing your savings under your mattress than put it in their hands.
This is the worst service i have ever had....i think i'm done doing business with boa.
Bank of america seems to want to limit personal interactions.
If you call them and ask them a question about banking, they will answer your question.
I ended up closing my account so i won't have to deal with those jerks any longer.
I've always had great service at this branch.
Tellers are friendly and fast, and even visits with a banker are quick.
This by far is my favorite chase bank to go to.
As a whole i enjoy working with chase bank however this location is not their shining star.
I'm a business and personal banking client.
Always friendly staff, quick service and a pleseant experience.
We have a pool loan here.
The online banking system is very flawed.
They will not allow us to transfer directly to the loan it's self.
We've had two months of payments sitting in the account and they wouldn't do the transfer.
They literally make it impossible to make payments unless you walk into the bank and do it in person.
For a smaller bank, you would expect greater customer service and more personal treatment from its management.
Unfortunately, their customer policies and banking solutions don't compare to their larger competitors.
Once the heloc expires, there is absolutely no reason to bank there again.
Weirdest bank layout ever, no greeters, and not the best customer service.
Walked in wandered around found counter only to be told i needed to sit in an area to be serviced.
Most services i use charge no fee, which is a welcome change compared to wells fargo or bank of america.
This location provides prompt attentive service.
Was able to apply for car loan with phone while traveling, then swing by this branch to accept paperwork.
I put the money into savings.
Well, of course, the date came and went with absolutely no money deposited into the correct account and no correspondence.
In a fit of controlled rage, i went into the bank to speak with the manager.
It's a bank, for god's sake.
Especially not my money.
I spent a grand total of three hours in the bank trying to get this fixed.
I went to put more money into my account tonight.
I don't think i'll be staying with this bank much longer.
Recently came in to open a checking account after researching other federal cu because you can never be too certain.
It was odd to me that it doesn't have that bank atmosphere.
All the tellers are all professional but they talk amongst each other and have no dividers, unlike other banks.
Beware of this bank!
Gilbert, the store manager is the rudest bank employee i have ever encountered.
If customer service is not for him, he should work elsewhere.
I said i didn't want cash i want to deposit into my account.
From response time, to options, to honesty, and to service level, the team here is nothing short of awesome!
Can't wait to close my account!
I told her i made payments here before then she shrugs and says she need account number..
I'm sure there are other ways to look accounts up.
I finally get account number and go to the other teller.
She was able to pull account up so i complained and asked how she( manager)couldn't  pull my account up?
Bottom line worst customer service ever from a manager at that
I dreaded the days i had to drive far north or south to handle things with my bank.
Jeremy truly cares about his clients and his team is extremely professional and service oriented.
You just select the account you want to deposit the money in and you can combine both cash and checks.
Banks are banks and let's be honest this isn't always your favorite errand to run especially on a lunch break!
I very rarely go inside the bank but yesterday i had no choice.
Finally i was acknowledged and signed in to see a banker.
Upon entering, i waited for a good 10 minutes at the customer service desk after signing in.
The next available banker went to the sign in sheet and called a name - their name!
Great help getting my issues taken care of with my account!!!
Thank you :)) their bankers are extremely friendly and know their stuff.
I wanted to give this business five stars, but the reality is they are, after all, bankers!
We have many different types of accounts with them for the past 10 years
Terrible customer service at this location.
Problem solving and customer service at this location are not priorities.
This bank is in a bad part of town and the attitude of the employees here shows it.
Sontino graham gave us the best service you could receive.
Been banking with them since before they ever dreamed of being a wells fargo.
Seems lots of people are lighting up wells fargo, bank of america and basically all of the banks these days.
I'm not picky about banks and i'm not threatening to run off with another bank and move my money.
I don't think wells fargo or bank of america are any better than the other.
They're just huge financial institutions where we all keep our money so we can use it on the daily.
Like most chase branches here in arizona customer service is superb.
I've banked with chase for a while now and i love my experience every time i go into a branch.
I enjoy banking with them.
They provide great customer service and the employees are very knowledgeable of the different services they offer.
Gaby our bank rep is rude and unhelpful.
Whether it's opening/closing accounts, offering financial advice, anything, see kayla williams.
I'm leaving my bank to bank at wells fargo and kayla is a lot of the reason why.
I hate talking to people about money, but she is understanding and so so so helpful!
Samuel gave me excellent customer service!!
Thank you samuel for your wonderful customer service!!!
They recently introduced a new online banking platform without notifying us about it.
We are taking all the money to a different bank.
Stay away from this bank, especially this downtown scottsdale branch.
My note, handed directly to the teller, contained the artist's name, account number and address.
Two days later, my artist calls, asking "where's the money."
This bank manager insists i did this online (incorrect).
Guess i'll find another bank and kiss my $300 good-bye!
Don't bank at wells fargo!
I have closed three home loans with mary vrana and her team over the past 6 years.
I have closed on a fha, va, and conventional loans that have always closed on time.
Save yourself a lot of time and money by giving sun american mortgage a call for your next home loan.
The worst customer service!!!!
I'm not going to beg you to give to take my money.
There was literally no wait to speak to a banker to assist me.
Going into the bank is a pain.
But if there were more bankers like lakiesha it would no longer be so tedious.
The customer service is beyond rude.
I opened an account on 3/8 and they made me come in to do my signature for my card.
How am i supposed to use my new checking and savings account.
I already hold a personal account with us bank.
This is pathetic service from these sad excuses of human beings at this bank.
A big shame on you three at the bank in question.
I couldn't have been more pleased with the loan process and their dedication to helping us secure our loan.
I don't bank with boa but i went in to deposit money for a friend from out of state.
Leaning toward leaving bank of america because of poor service.
I don't make a lot of money, i am living paycheck to paycheck and barely making ends meet.
She was just giving me lip service, and barely made any real effort at that.
I also have access to his account online.
And the reason i'm giving a simple bank five stars?
I used to bank with wells fargo and bank of america and i would never go back.
Part of the reason i got rid of this bank.
They wouldn't let me deposit money into my husbands account but they said i can get a check.
I'm not trying to take money out of his account i'm trying to deposit.
This is my go to bank.
I am forever grateful as i am still very young- 16. and i dont know too much about money management.
He was extremely professional and delivered on all promises including delivering a fantastic rate and excellent customer service.
Erica asked a few questions and suggested the perfect account for my needs.
This bank is open 7 days a week & they waive charges at non- midfirst atms!
They are the last of all investment services i use to get my tax information to me.
Then i had to pay taxes on the 'home loan' write off.
They both led me in the right direction and gave me future advice on my next loan.
If you need help with anything at this bank this branch and their staff are the best.
What a hassle getting online to check the account.
Too much to cash our own check or get cash out of our account.
We returned home to a phone call advising us that our account had been hacked while we were in vegas.
I noticed that i was getting charged a $10 service fee on my savings account.
I closed my account immediately.
I will never again bank with wells fargo and will tell anyone i know to stay away.
They have no concept of customer service.
Do not go to this branch-terrible service!!!
When setting up my account i was told that my initial check deposit would be held for 5 days.
I was not informed of this when setting up my account.
I will never open an account here.
I would consider opening a chase account based on my experience at this location.
I was in the chinatown area and needed to do some banking.
Wells fargo is the rudest bank on planet earth.
The bank told us we had to contact the loss mitigation department.
I would recommend marking this mortgage company off your list before you get started looking for a home loan.
Bank of america is an institution of pathetic, dishonest thieves!
I will never bank here again, and neither should you.
Even after having graduated from college i haven't looked elsewhere because i really love this bank.
Now it's been about 6 years since i've done my personal banking with them and at this location.
Service was fast and efficient.
The best bank in las vegas!
Easy to work with, no monthly fees, only one dollar to open & great customer service!
He was insanely fast with providing our pre-qual letter as well as processing everything for our loan.
Not a fan of ohio savings bank.
And my account had a negative balance of over $400.
If your looking for a home bank don't waste your time here.
We kept intouch as our mainland bank as we had two open car notes and credit cards with them.
We got financed by other banks no problem.
Friendly service up front.. yeah but that's about it... go to amerifirst much better credit union!
I am not a yelper but i am so impressed by midfirst bank and this location i had to.
They are a great place to bank with.
They call you when they see unusual charges to your account.
Forget bb&t, bank of america or wells fargo.
Save time and money and don't bother dealing with these guys.
You give them your money, then when you need it back, you just go ask for it.
They have these things you can write on, to make it so you can give your money to other people.
You then give them more money than you took out to begin with.
They do other things to either take more of your money, or make it so you have more money.
And all this time, i had kept my money under the bed.
He's very informative and makes banking or whatever it's called!
I'm gonna go bank next week to set some more stuff up!
Go here if you want great friendly service
When i was finally seen by the banker, i informed him of my discontent & he barely acknowledged it.
I ended up closing my account due to this experience and his attitude.
Level of service, awesome!!!
Everyone smiles and says hello the moment you enter the bank and everyone is eager to be of service.
Fast and friendly drive thru service.
The layout is different than most banks i've been too, but it works for their location.
Customer service will change the ratings of this bank.
Upped to a two star rating because of the courteous lady teller working the back window of bank.
Additionally, it was another customer who told me to approach the back of bank to get assistance.
We just moved all.of our accounts to this bank.
They were very helpful in setting up a new business account and moving the rest of our personal accounts.
Michael the bank president was great to work with, and i would recommend them to anyone.
Just opened an account and refi my truck loan.
Easy process, great service, super friendly, smiles and great corporate phone service as well!
Now you have to park, walk inside, then all the way across the bank to the teller windows.
Like i told the girl who waited on me, this branch is the opposite of good customer service.
My mobile checking deposit was turned off without warning.
When i called to ask why they said i no longer qualified because i had a charged off business account.
Horrible bank they steal your money!!
Don't bank with these criminals
Yes, i am on the account.
Is there a problem with my account to where you needed to start this conversation with me?
Work on your customer service skills because you don't come off as curious and helpful, but as ignorant and pushy.
Run far away from this bank.
They do not care about customer service.
*special note* if you ever run into an omar foster in merchant services, run the other direction.
As a loyal wf customer, i never even thought about opening up an account anywhere else.
Omar looked at my stripe statements and told me i could save money.
Even though the savings was significant, i hesitated.
They are even making fake accounts to meet sales quotas.
I wish i could give this bank zero stars for the treatment we received.
We drove 135 miles to this bank in order to cancel my mother's account.
Had to review my power of attorney over my mother's account.
I went in to open a teen checking account for my daughter 5/16 .
Received all account paperwork in the mail explaining fees and such.
She went through notes the manager left on my account and it was complete lies.
Today i went to wells fargo & it wouldn't allow me to take money out of my savings.
Both verifying that i was the one who tried to take money out of my account.
Each time i pay them through my bank of america billpay, they cannot find the payment since this happened.
Their customer service is the worst.
I will not be using their credit card again, and will be closing my savings account.
Would not accept a check of my mothers from her business account to personal stating it was not her signature.
Maybe in a few days she wud see if she wud allow my mother money.
The bank rates suck!
The banker was fast and professional.
Bad service lazy employees.
Normal corporatized bank....no urgency, piss poor customer service and no real sense of direction.
I have been attempting to set up a checking account all over town.
Most banks had high fees, check holds and all kinds of hoops to jump through.
Also, the other banks staff was not all that helpful.
As long as i am to be living in vegas, i will do all my banking with, amitra!
Chase credit cards no longer provides e-bills to other banks.
They've helped me with all sorts of banking needs, from home, to auto loans, credit cards, multiple accts, etc etc.
You don't find this in many canadian banks but this system is quite common in asia.
You don't see that at canadian banks, neither.
Don't change much money to begin with.
You might find you're only saving a matter of 20 yaun ($5).
I've always had good customer service here... but i'm making sure it happens if it is ever lacking.
I don't think this branch is much different than any other... or any other bank.
Gave it 4 stars.. great first time but i do not trust banks in general..
So i'll update after 6 months of how service is really treating me!
Great customer service floats my boat and hearing about wells fargos banking service added one more star.
* keep in mind my grandmother said to not bank with them , for some odd reason ?
I'm always greeted with a smile and attentive quick service.
As far as banks go, chase has provided far superior service than any other bank i have ever used.
In general every bank of america has the worst customer service of any bank i've ever used.
They do not care about helping people, especially the "personal bankers" and management.
Their level of service continues to decline as i went in to close out a safety deposit box.
I will be closing all of my accounts with them soon.
Decided to go with a credit union over my main stream bank that kept charging me fees for stupid reasons.
They had my accounts setup and a real usable check card exteremely fast.
My old bank took days and 3 weeks to get my check cards in the mail.
This is the best bank out there.
I would never wanna leave this bank.
I paid 2.9% at stripe before being convinced to switch to wells fargo to "save money".
This bank does not value your loyalty.
This branch has the slowest service in town, in the drive thru.
What bank executive thinks that not offering notary services in the branch is a good idea?
Wells fargo is less than a mile away, and they understand customer service
This bank is the worst wells fargo i have ever stepped foot in.
I'm pretty sure this is the worst bank of america branch out there.
Even as a platinum member, i have never waited for a personal banker for less than 45 minutes.
While i and others were waiting bankers were milling around laughing and talking totally ignoring a growing and frustrated line.
Thank god i opened a account with another bank.
Excellent customer service and really good auto loan rates especially for someone like me with new credit.
I withdrew a total if $367.00 from my checking account.
They would sell me accounts that i didn't need and their speed was sub par.
I don't want a loan, ma'am, just a deposit slip.
The loan officer acted like we were putting her out.
She asked me the name of the loan officer ( of course i didn't know because it wasn't my loan)!
We had a va loan which sometimes can  be cumbersome.
This is another full service bank.
I bank elsewhere, but i lived closer would consider this bank because of these time saving features.
Banks arent my favorite, but i have met quite a few bankers i like here.
Worst banking experiences of my life!
Money keeps disappearing from my account.
So i go back, and they say they don't know where my money is and can not help me.
I'm always greeted with a smile and attentive quick service.
As far as banks go, chase has provided far superior service than any other bank i have ever used.
I was here today to alter some of my accounts and had no issues.
To this day switching my bank of bank of america is the best thing i have ever done.
Been waiting to deposit money for over 30 minutes and watched people scold the staff about how slow everything is.
I do my business banking here and find it to be more pleasant than the average bank.
If someone steals from you they get your money back faster than any other bank!
You need to empower your customer service reps to make obvious choices for thier customers.
Bank is  a bank so nothing too special.
I mainly come here to move cash between my accounts
I would recommend this location to anyone looking to take care of the banking needs.
These are not necessary to open a checking account.
We were hoping to open my son an account and his attitude towards us was of the utmost disrespect.
Their customer service is awful.
This is the only wells fargo branch i use, as the customer service is superior, helpful and efficient.
This bank does not have customer service as a priority.
Worst service, can't even do regular banking.
I don't recommend that you open an account.
That's why i love doing business with us bank.
The way they submitted the loan was false which caused the decline on purpose.
I have received the worst customer service from midfirst bank via telephone.
I have been a member with midfirst bank for years now.
I am sticking to navy federal, and other banks.
Midfirst is not even a last resort, just do not bank with them.. period!
Now with bulletproof glass for your banking inconvenience!
The tellers (or, in wells speak, "bankers") are friendly enough, but the training is pretty inconsistent.
This is my preferred royal bank branch.
It's annoying to field invasive, "personal" questions when i come in for a quick bank transaction.
Also, they had to give me about half the money in 20's because they ran out of 100's.
How does a bank run out of 100's?
A month ago i went in to close my account.
I was told they would close my account and that was that.
The never ending banking experience continues!
I received a statement for my account which i thought closed!
This, being the manager of the bank i left after i told him how awful their banking structure is.
He said he forgot to close my account.
Went in to close a credit card i had with the bank.
Great customer service and convenient location/drive up!
There is only 2 bank tellers.
I admit banks scare me, which is why i banked with washington mutual.
Their set up made going to the bank less intimidating.
We just refinanced again to get some money out the loan.
I have banked with this cu for several years but closed my account last week.
After they replaced their bank tellers with itm machines things went downhill fast.
Do not bank with this branch if you care about customer service and human interaction.
If you work with him he will send video clips that explain each step of the loan process.
The employee who works the front door area, promised me i would see a credit refund in my account.
The service at this new location is terrible.
I normally use the atm or mobile banking great alternatives.
Is the business services such limited?
Such bad trained employees and services here in wells fargo.
I will close all accounts and go to a better bank...."ch***"!
The worst experience with bank as a business client.
Always excellent service whether for personal banking or business banking.
Had a great experience today with a personal banker.
Lately, when i come to withdraw money, they've been asking me "what are you going to do with this money?"
They are a decent bank in every other respect except the prying.
It's none of your business what i will do with my money.
Most terrible bank ever.
I'm glad i don't have them for my bank but unfortunately my job does.
The last time i went in to speak to one, it was a personal banker by the name of nick(?).
Their service is great and its easy to get in and out within 10 minutes.
They are great at ignoring the line -- must be that great in service training.
Service has gone down.
I was very disappointed with customer service i just received by a relationship manager jeremiah.
I decided to my saving account, will be closing my checking and all my credits.
Ok, i'm writing another review on a bank, but i feel this branch deserves better than 1 star rating.
I was in there recently with my son to open up a teen account.
Melynda was our personal banker who helped us set this up.
Stay away from chase bank!!
I saw many people gave the bank poor rating.
Because they expected bank of china same liked international banks.
They will appreciate the bank of china in toronto is follow the operating standard in china.
Dear wells fargo on central,  i consider this bank my home bank.
Free checking, savings, atm... best rates on other financial products... so definitely don't want to misinform out there.
It doesn't get much better than navy federal as far as handling your day to day money goes.
This bank is an absolute joke!
The main teller is such an unpleasant, rude person as well as one of the personal bankers.
Anyway, i'll be nice and not name the teller and personal banker that helped me that day.
They were trying to get me to open another account with them.
A few days later i noticed that they opened 2 new accounts under my name without my permission!
I really like this bank it's has been by far one of the best banks that i have banked with.
The problem here is a very inconsistent level of service.
Every time i go whether it be inside or the drive thru i get great service.
I have banked with several institutions before trying chase and i am glad that i did.
Yes, bank of america atm's and branches are everywhere throughout charlotte.
In my book, that's pretty solid from a bank!
Sean has amazing customer service skills, which are lacking in many professionals today.
He was so helpful and made sure my transaction went through ok to my other accounts.
There is no service fee on returns.
They recently added a $6.99 a day charge for every day your account is overdrawn.
I have had accounts with desert schools for over 30 years.
I have had several car loans all of which i paid off early.
The money order was in us dollars and was made payable to me.
I took the money order and left.
Never before have i ever been charge a fee to make a deposit into my account.
If necessary i will take my money to another credit union.
Just switched my business account here from desert schools and couldn't be happier!!!
Money from check deposits are available within 1-2 days,  the service has been super fast and super friendly.
I will refer anyone to this bank!
Closed my account with them recently.
Good customer service , banking is just odd.
Jeremy and his team were amazing with both a refinance and new loan.
Rip off- i am begging you = do not get a loan from any title loan company.
They tell you they won't take a check or credit card, just cash certified checks or money orders.
I have worked with many banks across many states and this chase location is head and shoulders above the rest.
It truly feels as if they want you to succeed financially, can you say that about you bank?
I dread coming here because it's usually an hour wait minimum for a simple banking transaction.
I no longer get direct deposit and chase is refusing to waive my 12$ monthly service fee!!!
Please do keep branch office open as without this local branch i would not bank with boa.
Personal bankers work extremely slow.
Used to like this bank but not anymore.
I will probably be switching banks so i can avoid dealing with this customer last mentality that they have.
All chase cares about is making customers use the atm machines and business accounts, nothing on the individual level.
I have been a member for over 12 years, i think i will be closing our accounts
The customer service at this branch is horrible!!!
I hate this bank!!
It helps when you are trying to manage your money.
This bank while making a profit at least will give you tools to help you manage from your perspective.
I am very upset and disappointed about my experience with bank of america.
They should be named the worst bank.
I have spoken to 3 customer service reps, 3 managers and my issue still has not been fixed.
I deposited a trust fund check into my account and they are holding my check for 12 days.
The bank was not even interested in validating the check or calling the issuing bank, they actually flat out refused.
You are not a valued customer at bank of america, no matter how much money is in your account.
If no star is an option, i would give that to bank of china (canada).
The entire bank is so behind with technology, customer service and basic understanding of the canadian banking system.
I opened my account a little over a month ago.
The agent who helped me open the account was great and very nice, however, the bank is not very good.
I tried to send and receive money from a friend through my account.
You have to sign up for popmoney, which is the worst company ever.
I have to wait until i have had an account there for 60 days before closing it.
I rather drive and get better service.
Anyway, i would not recommend this bank to anyone!
Opened our account and mainly deal with the eastern branch in henderson.
Supporting a credit union versus a big greedy and unethical bank feels really really good!
She is rude, sarcastic, and unprofessional - clearly not meant to be working in a job that requires customer service.
I loath bank of america !
My favorite is they want your i'd to make a deposit on a corp account!
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
First, let me say that banking and trading through charles schwab has always been an amazing experience for me.
Plus, when setting up your account they send you a bunch of free checks.
They have some nice bankers here, currently helpful are michelle and gregory.
So, i decided to finally go with chase for my banking needs.
The "banker" proceeded to tell me "oh, i can't see you today because i have other appointments".
I "politely" said "i will find a better bank".
Absolutely surprised by the attitude at this bank.
Also i appreciate their international wire service inside.
So i took the letter to the bank and the manager jesus almarez would not except the letter.
The manager of this bank is so helpful and had just moved here from calf!
I would like to rate one of their alleged "senior" loan officers less than one star.
I don't know about wells fargo as a company, but this location should be ashamed to be called a bank.
I work for a company who banks with wells fargo, so i am here everyday making deposits or making change.
She is lucky i am an honest person and gave the money back, but seriously!!!??
It's getting to the point that i am going to have to speak with corporate about switching banks.
After i shared how i felt about the service, or lack there of.
Love these guys, wonderful, customer service, low rates, reasonable fees.
I see no reason to keep using large, thieving corporate banks when awesome little credit unions like this exist.
Great benefits and customer service.
Remember when you liked your bank??
I should add that the big banks really don't care that much about loyalty, as someone tried to say below.
Great customer service all around; i'll keep sticking with them if they keep giving me great rates such as this.
I have used this credit union for at least a decade and the service has always been consistently good.
Rodolfo acosta has been phenomenal assisting me in setting up my investment and brokerage accounts and an unrestricted checking account.
The best banking service i've ever had!
3:00 on a wednesday with one teller and no bankers available.
They left the floor without a single banker to help anyone while there were multiple customers lining up.
Went in today to meet an individual who banks with them to get an auto loan for my vehicle.
Use any other bank for business banking.
Do not open an account here.....  if it wasn't for my business account i wouldn't come here .
Was told to make an appointment for another day to request a new bank card when there wasn't a line.
Now this is how a bank should do customer service.
Came here for the same reason most people do: to do money things.
It makes me so glad bofa is not my bank.
I make a respectable salary that's directly deposited into checking acct.
Applied for a car loan.
Please deposit $5 to become a member and open up a savings.
Ok. you'd like an auto loan.?
I opened a checking acct too and will be transferring my business to nfcu.
I have never had such amazingly efficient, fast, thorough, & professional customer service ever.
I will be recommending this bank to every veteran & vet family member i know.
Seriously slowest bank e v e r!!!!
It's been over a year since i began banking with them, then there after financing my vehicle through them.
Looking forward to continuing to get great service from navy federal.
I have come to like the employees and have had no issues with my account.
Friendly and quick service.
Didn't ask me stupid questions or make me jump through hoops to cash a check and withdraw money.
Lately wells fargos have been slipping in their customer service department but not this one!
I recently set up a youth account for my 15 year old son.
I funded his new checking and savings account with about $50 each.
That's great, but i would like some actual service and competence, please.
Customer service refused to help release the funds.
This bank is awful!
This is not a place i trust to keep our money safe, and would not recommend them to anyone.
A bank with no notary??
Customer service doesn't exist here at this location.
Savannah helped me open some accounts and was very knowledgeable.
This is the bank we have our mortgage with.
We have been on the fence about transferring our banking there as well.
We did open an account so we could schedule an automatic mortgage payment.
I an impressed that they are a full service bank open 7 days a week and located inside a safeway.
I give truwest five stars for great customer service and ease of use with all of their services!
The best customer service experience i have ever had with a financial institution.
Horrible customer service, misty has not been helpful at all!
It's local and more accountable to members, so there are less obnoxious fees ect.
We went to this bank to open an account.
They failed to tell us that they don't have ppl working at this bank when we came in.
There are 4-5 bank workers sitting in rooms with glass doors.
The person checking in takes way more time a check in should take.
So the best customer service ever!
Just went there to make a deposit, little did i know the account i have cost me $3.
Wow they set up the account and are mailing me the paperwork needed and bank cards.
Also one of the bankers that assisted me gave me his card, his name is duncan lang.
Absolutely the worst customer service.
I do the business banking with them for my employer and they are never consistent with rules and guidelines.
Our receipt did not have the address of the bank.
These things have nothing to do with the retail bank location being reviewed and thusly, are not taken into consideration.
The bankers often are behind the teller line to convince people to sit with them firms financial review.
The place contacted me with an offer to refinance an auto loan.
Opened a new account - very friendly and communicative!
Well there must have been a "bank error " they said.
Need to find a new bank.
They'll try to take any money they can from you.
Definitely do not recommend opening an account with these shady people.
The service is excellent, the people are friendly, and they offer great loan rates to their customers.
Yes, there are fewer branches than i would like, but the personal, inexpensive service is well worth the travel!
This bank is always under staffed with long lines.
I went to try and withdrawal some of my college refund out the bank.
It has been a week since the bank teller misprocessed our series i bond, shorting us by over $4,600.00.
I have never been so frustrated by a bank in my entire life.
They should have covered the shortfall by depositing the correct amount into our account and then rectifying their error internally.
Worst customer service i have ever experienced with a bank.
My mother was co-signing on my loan so they came back with 'what if she dies?'
I ended up having to borrow money to keep balancing  their numbers which was very stressful.
Three days before possession date they found something they had missed and pulled the commitment and all the money.
Approach the big banks first, it is the most straightforward.
When using a mortgage broker have him or her use the big banks first.
The big banks want your loyalty.
Talk to your mortgage broker first around who has the best customer service and who screws over their customers least.
Extend your possession date when dealing with b money lenders in case something happens.
Try hitting the bank at 8 am or 4pm here and it's just horrible.
I really love the bank, the workers, etc.
Let me remind everyone my experience is only based on banking, not on loans of any sort.
Best and i mean best customer service i've received since having been a member of boa.
Our first meeting was pleasant and informative, but i had to set an appointment to discuss my business accounts.
He went above and beyond the call of banking duty and got everything taken care of.
He is professional, warm and personalizes his service.
I am now an even bigger fan of bank of america.
I don't usually bank here but the club i'm now a part of does.
I myself had to make several trips here trying to get put on the account.
Great service, best banking experience ever!!!
I highly recommend navy federal to anyone that appreciates fast in and outs, and polite and courteous service..
That is a banking management and they want our money ?????
If you don't want customer service then duvel is your man.
While sitting there i keep regretting entrusting this institution with my child's money.
Much better than using a bank or changing money at the airport.
I want everyone to know what great service i receive from this branch.
I belong to 3 different banks in town but us bank is #1.
Ask bryan  about a veterans account when you stop in.
I will never recommend this bank ever!
Just this week i brought in a jar of change to deposit in my savings.
Explained that they no longer provided a service that i needed and his response was.
Honestly a bank that refuses to count your money?
Social media will become my weapon against this breach of customer service!
Had to come into a branch because customer service f'd a lot up over the phone.
Great teller service :)
I have never really had an issue with wells fargo, i love banking with them.
Then horrid beast lady tells me they haven't had any complaints all day and maybe it was just my accounts.
I hope she gets fired for poor customer service skills.
So far my experiences with us bank has been  amazing.
My husband and i have banked here for over four years and have never had any issues.
They're quick, efficient and the customer service is fantastic.
She made another account and put temporary money in it  to save the day.
We plan on in a couple months getting our home loan through them too
Thank you so much to stacey davis-evans and cathy hansen for the outstanding customer service.
I have banked with chase for over 5 years.
Horrible customer service and just a mean overall person.
I'm considering closing all of my accounts because of this.
Also the communication regarding status on loans was pretty lacking.
Also calling the main customer service line i've never waited less than 20 minutes.
Came in here on a saturday and i'm not gonna lie... service is slow.
We walked in at 12pm and left the bank at around 130pm.
The banker however was nice, friendly and personable so it offsets the long wait and slow service.
They are a horrible bank.
Chase bank would be better.
It would be easier on your money and your identity.
Probably the best bank to.
I was able to get two accounts started and get two credit cards.
Im going to try and get my home loan through them to well see how that goes!
I have been banking with wells fargo for two years now and i have always had excellent customer service.
I was extremely happy to find so many wells fargo banks here in arizona after moving here recently from oregon.
The bank manager ken... again second occasion now has threatened me.
Strongly suggest you take your business elsewhere to a bank who is more deserving.
But i live around the bank and sometimes use the parking lot because southside parking situation is nuts.
Dont use this bank.
I can see myself banking with heartland for a long time.
How lame is it to have a bank that doesn't have 2 of the 3 atms working.
Guess i need to get a bank account that allows me to use any atm.
Definitely recommend their services.
The service here is super slow.
Now i know why i prefer online banking.
The bank is very large and welcoming.
Right now it is 9:50am in the morning and i am 6 people deep in the line at the bank.
I called our bank and few others to see what they could offer, which was a joke.
Hopefully these guys get awards, as their level of customer service is beyond the norm.
We will continue to bank here.
I had to open a new account after experiencing a fraudulent close down of my wells fargo account.
Kelsey wight set up my new account very quickly and was so professional and personable.
We were trying to access info on my deceased mother's accounts.
I'm undertaking steps to close my schwab accounts and encouraging friends & family to do the same.
He says, "it is at the banks discretion."
The service here is always exceptional.
No one enjoys errands or going to the bank, but here the transactions are seamless, pleasant, and without any hitches.
I called the branch to make a same-day appointment with a banker.
Thanks for the professional and efficient customer service!
Great customer service, hospitality.
My mom, however, has banked with them for years now and swears by them.
The customer service and attention to detail was amazing.
I am now considering switching banks!
They're a new bank trying to make a presence on vegas; but it's not gonna work.
I drive from across town sometimes just to bank at that branch...they are externally professional and make you feel welcome.
I highly recommend this bank of america location!
I've used calforex a number of times to change money before a trip.
They have always had better rates than any other exchange place or bank.
It adds up if you are exchanging a lot of money, so finding a good place is important.
She made sure to give us the best coverage and save the most money.
Take away the only roof our family has deemed to be correct business practice of a bank like rbc?
This matter is in court, rbc lawyers are pushing hard against us!, we do not have money to fight them!
I'm so glad i don't bank with them.
Customer service is number one for me and that they had.
I have not been banking with well's fargo very long but every experience i've had has been a good one.
Nothing special, but a bank.
They have a convinient, safe on-location drive thru and walk up service.
He gave me great ideas to improve my finances even before the loan process started.
Great accounts, free atms, and superb customer service!
They always take the time to look into my account and help improve my policy.
Welcome to vegas, where everyone spends money like it's going out of style.
Great service and it's a beautifully renovated branch i love coming here it's never busy with no line ups.
Thanks for nothing scotiabank.
This is my new favorite bank.
And, at least at the dealership there is accountability for the work performed.
Every time i stop at this branch i wonder if i really need a big bank.
Each month i make an appearance to pay my car loan.
There also seem to be a lot of personal banking employees standing around or chatting by the desks.
So 2 deposits have gone by and the extra $200 was never put in my account.
So now a month has gone buy and my account is no longer "new".
Use another bank branch or choose to bank elsewhere.
I was making a deposit and customer service assistance manager was assisting me.
So i had to return to compass bank to get another cashier check.
Can't this bank hire someone more efficient?
I love there customer service they always find ways to make sure you have no questions unanswered.
I have to admit this young man have consumers service experienced .
This bank is very lucky to have this man working for them.
He is always our go to guy and offers competitive rates and the best customer service around!
Therefore by switching i make more money, and keep more money.
I definitely recommend this bank!
Very poor customers service .
Great service by torrie hinds, consumer banker!
Went above and beyond and stayed late to get our business account open!
I consistently receive excellent customer service.
Professional, knowledgeable and friendly customer service.
At the end of the day, a bank is a bank.
The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it took forever to open an account.
Not because we had to wait for service but because the lady doing it was super slow.
Not the biggest fan of the bank or any bank but where else are you going to put your money.
Absolutely the worst bank ever.
After practically begging for my money i agreed against my better judgment to open an account with chase.
I opened the account last week.
Been making deposits regularly into my business and personal accounts.
So they hold hostage over 25k of my money until they deem it worthy to release.
I hate bank of america more than anything else in the world.
Bottom line:  they don't care about me, my money, my life, or my circumstances.
I closed my account and switched to a smaller credit union and i couldn't be happier with my decision.
We were so frustrated with the process of trying to modify our loan.
We tried working with the banks to modify but were pushed into endless circles chasing paperwork for over a year.
We now have a conventional mortgage at a much lower rate saving us over $600/month.
The peace of mind we get from his outstanding service and follow through is second-to-none.
Good local service and better rates that the online-only companies.
I went here today to open an account.
I've had an account at wells for almost 20 years, all in good standing for both business and personal.
Really bad customer service at this particular location.
This bank doesn't care about customer wait time in line.
However, we decided to do a bit more research for this loan and came across pinnacle capital.
Now that is customer service!
I wholeheartedly recommend them to anyone looking for a home loan or refinance.
They saved me a ton of money, provided great, competitive rates, and their technology meant only one actual phone call.
The few times i've used this branch, i've been pleased with the customer service and friendly attitude of the staff.
This branch has excellent customer service.
Jesse opened a new account for me and was very helpful and friendly.
I highly recommend this branch if you're going to open a chase account in scottsdale.
Been banking here for 17 years.
The service these days is terrible!
Go to wells fargo, much better service!
Counted six other employees in the bank.
Loved compass until they started charging a fee for basic checking account.
Moved my business to a credit union that pays me to have an account!
Very poor customer 'service' here.
I cannot believe how poor the customer service is at this branch.
I have been a customer here since it was valley national bank, so almost 30 years.
I showed the banker that i had paid it and she refused to write off the late fee.
Seriously, there are dozens of banks to chose from and you don't care about the customers who you have.
I'm looking for a new bank.
Our loan closed a week early without a hitch.
The banking industry is changing fast, but i'm impressed with the b of a model.
Absolutely terrible customer service, the reps have no idea what they're doing.
This is the best customer service i have ever received at any banks.
I do business with 2 other banks and they can't compare with this wells fargo branch.
I have been with first niagra for years and as they converted to keybank, its been a nightmare.
Ok if you just want a lock down secure banking establishment, boa is it for you!
They are secure even with the owner of the money!!!
Thank goodness for the new instant debit card service and the wonderful helpful staff at this location!
None of this would be possible without the staff at pinnacle capital mortgage and there precise and extremely speedy service.
If you are a merchant don't go to this bank.
However, it is a convenience we as business accounts pay for many times over.
Sandra was greeting banker and was told to assist me after i waited in line.
She then noticed someone she recognized walk into the bank and completely informed me to begin helping her friend.
Incompetent staff cannot even keep order of their clients in line and we expect them to work with our money.
Top notch customer service.
Worst bank branch ever.
The bank manager daniel is a useless and intellectually incapable stupid in managing a bank.
He does not have knowledge of all the products and services the bank offers.
He has no clue about what a customer service is.
Literally they steal your money.
The bank manager name is daniel.
Today local number goes into their 800 line after several rings....so much for local banking...
He was also helpful with recommending other service professionals that are as highly experienced as himself.
This review is about key bank's "relationship rewards" program.
I found a ticket online that was less costly than key bank could get combined with all of my points.
This bank does not know how to manage hsa accounts.
They will set one up but have no clue in what the law says regarding the account after that.
I suggest banking some where else.
She was very helpful, friendly and she provided very great customer service.
The first time they tried to blame the postal service stating that it must have been lost in the mail.
The only account i have with payments is my credit card which i pay off in full each month.
Customer service assured me that they would research this and get back to me within a few days.
I still love the branches' quick and personal customer service.
I have used the free notary service here a number of times.
It will be very sad to leave this banking home.
I like this bank since it's well positioned and normally really well air cooled!
Yes charging to cash  the banks  own check is redick .
Nothing but headaches and charges with this bank.
Adding $150 in late rent and my landlord not accepting any more bank checks from me.
I talked my wife and son into banking with them aswell and get $25 per person.
But it takes 90 days to get that money.
Just got back in town and went down to the bank and canceled my account.
Never got that money i was promised for bringing in more clients!
Got nothing blame for talking them into banking with them.
Stay away from midfirst bank.
When i first moved to phoenix this bank was close to my home.
Now, years later...i still only go to this bank if i need to "walk in".
So i gave customer service a call right away and let them know of the situation.
So we call customer service and they couldn't do jack shit.
So we just left the bank acct on $0.
Don't bank with them .
Just an amazing level of service.
Sub standard customer service.
The bank is nice and always helpful but this one teller elizabeth is always so rude!
I don't know what her problem is but when working in customer service, your attitude is everything!
I guess i need to find another bank...
I have a mixed opinion of this bank.
The credit card was managed by a third-party bank called first bankcard.
We went into the bank one month ago, and they assured us that this would be correct in a day.
They need to clone that lady as she is what service is about.
This has to be the worst banking institution that i have ever dealt with.
Their customer service is is non existent and their technology is something that the 80s would be proud of.
Try to get something done through their customer service has been a complete and utter nightmare.
Go to a real banking institution.
I've been banking with chase for years...every since living in chicago...and was happy to continue my relationship out here.
They reversed the fees and changed my account so it wouldn't happen again in the future.
Fantastic service, inside and at the drive up teller window.
The staff is always pleasant and efficient in helping with your banking needs.
I've been banking with pnc for little over ten months now and i'm impressed.
A place where they've figured out a way to actually live their "banking can be this comfortable" slogan.
They are also home to one of the only vaults with absolutely no cash money in.
Overall a very comfortable and innovative banking experience and mississauga is very lucky to have the first of its kind.
Banking is now more comfortable than ever!
She helped and explained everything with me being new to bank accounts.
I'm happy with the choice of bank i went with
Let me start by stating a plain and simple fact, "i hate walking into banks."
Honestly though, this is the one branch that really, really works hard at making you a satisfied banking customer.
The bottom line, if you have to go inside a bank, i recommend this branch.
I look for services at a good price.
I have a safe deposit box which is bigger and cheaper than the local banks.
I have a car loan that is more competitively priced than the local banks.
I take my loose change in and use their change machine (free for customers) and really appreciate that service.
My one complaint is there website/internet banking.
I maintain only a small checking account here and use others for my main checking.
I opened my accounts at midfirst in 2008 and have been a super happy camper with this bank.
Customer service is phenomenal!
They have awesome banking hours.
My atm w/d fees get reimbursed if i used another bank's atm.
The bank's lobby has a lovely welcoming ambiance.
I have only gone inside a couple times, but wow on the customer service!
The tellers are kind but as an insider told me, the bankers do not know anything.
I sure glad that this is not my primary bank.
Im hoping there will be no late fee on my account for the website never working!
Bank of america should better be named crank of america or perhaps prank of america.
Basically my time to file a claim on the charge was over and the bank ruled against me!
Well small claims away we go with the bank that i bet will fail over their less then human service
Then i was escorted to the door and i told the manager that my service was definitely a 10!!!
I highly recommend the lawrenceville citizens bank location on butler and main st.
I've always been given the best customer service there.
%6 interest to cash a 550 money order !!
We all know what a bank chain is like by now, right?
Why are the bank tellers always so rude and unfriendly in that branch??!!
I have purchased and refinanced many times over the years using every type of lender, broker, banker etc.
Needed a loan to help bridge my daughters medical expenses for one month.
I hate going to banks or inquiring about this stuff.
It was a nice alternative for short-term loans.
( i should add that i physically went to at least 3 other title loan places and walked away.)
I've had a checkered history with banks, especially those with false information!
My bank told me they had euros on site, went to the bank, they had nothing!
I was extremely happy and impressed with this quick and easy service and i wish more places were like this.
Longer lines, poor customer service: i am planning to change banks for my personal, business and corporate accounts.
So i walk into this bank and everyone was very friendly.
I have banked with chase for years and have always had great service.
Today we came in to open a new business account, a rather long process, anita vega was our banker.
Great job chase for maintaining customer loyalty where there are so many banking choices.
We moved all of our accounts to this bank after being disillusioned by chase bank.
I was going to maintain the checking and loan accounts and handle transactions through online banking.
He completed the paperwork on a friday to have the money wired to a local bank.
My husband called our local bank to see if maybe they are holding funds, but they haven't received anything.
We're not talking about a small sum of money here.
Apparently altier will risk having someone else's money being lost in the mail.
For me, this is a "bank" that shouldn't be trusted with other people's money.
I have now changed all of our automatic debit accounts and redirected all direct deposits.
As soon as i am confident that all transactions have cleared, i will be closing all accounts.
Worst bank i've ever used in my life.
They kept canceling my card anytime i was spending money thinking it was fraud.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
To top it off, i got money back to apply towards my closing costs.
The service i received from the lady who was very rude and not helpful at all, reminded you of boa.
The service at this location is often slow but always friendly.
I am always greeted as i enter the bank.
Waiting what seems like forever for a banker, which is not uncommon in any branch.
Seriously switching banks after 6 years.
Don't feel entitled but found respect for my service and made me feel good about bing a vet.
Down home friendly banking in a big city is hard to find.
Great customer service most of the bankers are bilingual even though that doesn't apply to me.
I really am amazed at the level of customer service.
Everyone in phoenix should give him an opportunity to save themselves money on their mortgages.
When this was m&i the service was great.
Now that it's bmo harris, the service is terrible and the fees are way too high.
Best chase bank in town.
I already had a number of bank accounts, but my brother encouraged me to open an account.
At the time i lived in san diego so it made more sense to have a local account.
You really can't go wrong with banking with navy fed.
The exact opposite of dealing with the global banks i've previously been associated with.
The inside of this location is quiet and we'll organized...not much else to say, it's a bank folks.
Also, they charge $3 for withdrawals from another bank, which is really high!
Worst banking location experience ever at wells fargo.
I will not come to this branch to do any of my future banking.
Worst bank ever and i've banked with them for 4 years i'm moving my shit else where!!!
Just another chase bank.
As all of the banks they need more customer support and service.
A little frustrating at times considering they're holding your money.
=) the person who helped my husband & i open an account for the 1st time moved to this location.
That's great customer service if you ask me.
Overall, great customer service if you do a walk-in as well as the drive-thru.
Great service- don't go during peak hours.
Lafotasi is helpful, en pointe, and a rarity in customer service.
To start my experience, i walk in to sign a check on a new loan.
She said we now had to see a personal banker.
By far the worst run bank i have been in.
I would give this bank zero stars if i could.
I've banked here for years.
They have my mortgage, a checking, and credit card account.
It was bad enough when they closed down the drive-thru banking, so i've physically gone inside this bank for months!
They repeatedly ask what account, how much withdrawing.
I have been banking with  key bank for 10  years.
I decided to close my savings account.
10 years banking with key and that is how i get treated.
In my checking account.
Key bank has really screwed me over.
If you don't want to get treated like a 2nd class citizen  don't bank with key.
Every time i come to this bank they have one teller working.
No longer offer notary service?
Most branches have closed drive thrus... chase you're making it real hsrd to keep my money there...
Went in here to merge our accounts.
I had their premier plus checking for years.
Yes, yes, yes...  4 months later fees on all of our accounts.
Worst mannered and discriminatory service i've had in banking.
If you are an immigrant i don't recommend this bank at all.
The ppl in this bank are too lazy to get up and check.
Will never go to this bank again.
Bad customer service, rude receptionist, long waits.
Terrible customer service from the teller.
I went into the closest bank of a different brand i could find and i'll be switching to washington federal.
They truly know the meaning of customer service and they don't try and force you to talk to a machine.
Signed up after them coming out to my work offering better rates on loans and better service.
I can't think of anywhere else i've been treated like this, certainly not a bank.
5 stars for all my basic banking needs!
Dave and kathy did a wonderful job helping us find the right loan that fit our needs.
It was 100% banking related, wasnt like i was asking her to fax random personal documents.
No customer service here.
And keep your eye on your account.
Their account numbers are consecutive (who does that?
But, it's too much hassle to change everything to a new bank again.
I bank here quite often and usually have no complaints.
Each time i visit this specific branch i leave disappointed in the service.
Do you have another account at a different bank?
Yes, of course i know how much of my own money i need to withdraw.
It's my money, it doesn't belong to you!!!
Shall i bank elsewhere?
They don't have basic customer service.
They are behind with the times with banking policies and procedures.
Very disappointing given that this is a beautiful bank and great location.
Walked in and was greeted by four bankers.
We knew from the foreclosure not to have a arm loan that makes payments over 3 years higher and higher.
It's a shame that there is no service whatsoever.
Probably too busy opening fake accounts!
He is a work-a-holic who went out of his way to ensure our loan was approved and processed timely.
I would recommend zac to all my friends and family and will use his services in the future!
I really can not explain the lack of customer service at this branch.
I had a lady banker push me for a checking/savings/credit card pretty hard.
I do not have any other accounts their.
I do my banking now with chase because they have a great military discount for active and vets.
They at least owe us the gas money to go to the branch who would actually listen.
Went to this bank and had excellent service.
Lindsay helped us open an account and was very honest about everything.
The card for the account was ready that day.
I felt very fortunate to go to a bank that was helpful and knew all their clients who walked in.
Months later i was told i can skip a payment and put it at the end of my loan.
Now i am told my account is past due and i need to pay before getting the due date changed.
One nevada credit union seems to have better customer service.
As is consensus, customer service is terrible.
Personal bankers standing around talking amongst themselves, picking and choosing which customers to ignore.
Greatest bank in arizona.
Great bank and great employees, this is what banking is all about.
I started working on the loan process with jeremy at pinnacle capital almost a year in advance.
Everything was organized and in place when i found my home and the loan process was seamless.
At any other bank when you make a cash deposit your cash is available instantly.
I went in to talk to a personal banker about opening up several savings accounts for long term goals.
There were two bankers gossiping about a previous customer that looked at me as i signed in.
Brian pinney was very helpful & sought ways to help save me money.
I have been with midfirst bank for over two years now and love them.
Their customer service is the best around - bar none.
I am getting 2% on my checking account balance and i don't have to have a huge balance in it.
No atm fees, sunday hours, extended weekly hours, beautiful, well designed, elegant bank facilities!
They are not a publicly traded bank that is beholding to stockholders and wall streets quarterly whims.
Sce is a very wonderful bank i highly suggest getting this bank, great friendly staffs and an satisfied costumer service.
Other than that the customer service is good and bank is very neat and clean.
I'm not a huge fan of the bell they would like you to ring if you received great service.
So, i'll give five stars to this bank location, and 2 or 3 stars to "banking" as a general concept.
Chase has lost all customer service!!!
Yes, i can see the point of money laundering, but come on $100?
Slow service for anything other than teller help.
And didn't know how to do a wire to payoff a loan.
We would like our money without waiting 25 minutes in line.
So what can you say about a bank, you go there, deposit your money and you leave.
I've been banking with chase for many years -you hold my mortgage, my business accounts and my personal accounts.
They charged my account for not having any activity for some time.
She also blamed me for the account being charged.
I would not recommend this bank to anyone.
They have no service.
I'm glad i had the majority of my savings at chase to begin with.
Now let's talk about their online banking: it's ok.
Their phone service:  terribly long wait time, always.
Regarding the service at their café, i went once and it was ok.
If i did not like southwest so much , all my chase accounts would be gone by now
Top notch service all the way!
I came here after checking out bendix & guardian, they both offered worser rates.
He did a wonderful job of expediting our loan and explaining each step along the way.
I have never had such poor service.
Rbc, a giant who will provide your basic banking needs.
They have exceptional customer service and we appreciate that very much.
This is one of the branches we frequent the most, and have consistently had good service.
I don't bank here, but i'm strongly considering changing my accounts to wells fargo at this location.
I've been having a heck of time cashing a treasury savings bond, my credit union didn't do it.
I'm going to look into banking here.
They worked extremely hard to close our loan early per our request and i can't thank them enough!
The bank is good for deposits and withdrawals.
Bofa is an easy bank to access.
They all have atm's drive and walk up,  this bank has drive up.
All banks might have this option.
It's not the bank of the past.
Friendly folks safeguarding your money.
Ok, i don't know what's with wells fargo, but they don't seem to get customer service.
Most horrific banking experience.
Wanted to cancel my saving account and called them multiple times.
First of all, they opened my account without telling me that there will be $12 maintenance fee/month.
Overall, a group of very sketchy, racist, unprofessional people working at the bank.
I first called the customer service number and they could not determine why the funds had not cleared.
Ultimately, i was told that they had "no educated guess" as to why the money hasn't cleared.
I left the bank with -$4.13 in my account and was told to have a great night.
Yes, i will be having a wonderful night with absolutely no money.
I have a home loan, credit card, and have had a number of car loans with wells fargo.
I do not have a checking or savings account.
Today's visit just reaffirms why i don't have any other account with them.
I have started my loan application a week ago.
I love wells fargo bank!
I was a bank of america customer and finally decided to leave them i was never satisfied with them.
Wells fargo customer service is amazing specially this location.
This new branch is nice and accessible, the customer service and the staffs are awesome especially jordan.
The customer service was so bad they were extremely rude and not professional at all.
I've never experienced this with any other bank or company period.
I paid off my loan as soon as possible to avoid them.
I guess thats a good strategy to get your money in their defense.
I warn you do not go through this bank it is horrible!!
I've been banking with this pnc branch (formerly national city) since 2006.
The staff here are amazing - they really make the whole banking experience seamless and easy whenever possible.
In the meantime, others are busy opening new accounts.
I signed up for an account with these guys and chose to not allow overdrafts.
And next thing you know my account is negative $45.40.
Awesome, first convenience bank, have you guys been smoking dick dust all evening?
I rarely go into banks to handle business, but my debit card issue required me to do so.
Anytime i took money out, they would ask what would i do with the money.
Michael (manager at this location) treated me like a criminal when i closed my account.
They were whispering to each other, made me wait for very long time to close the account.
He is without a doubt the most trusted, knowledgeable, and professional loan officer to work with.
I can't say enough about the level of service i received from zach, tyler and sharon.
Only complaint is the extreme wait to see a customer service rep, painfully slow.
The worst chase bank period.
I waited over 2 hours to get a single bank transfer done!
Why only have one banker in the whole damn bank!
I've had nothing but bad experience with this bank.
Long wait time for creating an account.
This bank does not treat you like another number.
I should have joined this credit union before as it's member services and products are on point.
They were able to get another loan, but we then closed 3 weeks later, costing both of us more money.
I purchased a vehicle recently and the auto dealership financed my loan through truwest - big mistake!
My last name was spelled incorrectly on my account and my email account wasn't even accurate.
I had to open a business account and i went to this bank.
I met ruppi who begin to help me with the business account.
I had the online banking and a nice new debit card in the mail.
This bank has some wonderful employees and some employees that should never work in any type of customer service environment.
The service was so bad i have basically closed all chase accounts.
This bank is awesome!!!
I love their customer service!
Alethea helped me open a new account and she was super helpful, warm, and welcoming.
I felt very comfortable handling my banking at this branch and i really appreciated it!
I'd love to come back here and do more banking with my account!
Great customer service and great services and deals.
The customer service at this branch is incredible!
I have been going here for years.... ricardo, the business banker is top notch, no matter what i need.
I have banked with chase since way back when it was washington mutual.
She went two blocks down and cashed the money order.
Last i recalled money orders were like cash and she presented what they asked for.
She was short, to the point and cared not whether i continued to bank with them or not.
I train folks on customer service and it only takes a few bad experiences to change an entire companies reputation.
I have not changed banks yet, but i have definitely changed branches.
Overall the service and people at the branches are great!!
The telephone service sucks!!!
Like all business,  bank branches have cut back on staffing.
I got my rv loan through america first.
I need faster service.
I wish my company banked elsewhere and there is no way i would do and personal business with bofa.
The customer service is awesome at this branch.
Terrible customer service at this branch.
Loan rates have been uncompetitive so far for us.
Decent bank (they all have their issues) and you can get free checking with direct deposit.
She was actually rude and i will not use this bank location again.
What bank wouldn't let you cash your check and then deposit cash lol ignorance at its finest.
Everything one would expect from a banking experience.
Very easy to use as an online bank, good smart phone app and web service.
They didn't have too many citibank locations that was easily accessible without a car back then.
Okay, thanks for keeping a watchful eye on my legitimate account activity and causing minor inconvenience.
Thank you yuko for calling the back office to resolve the temporary account suspension.
Great service, greets guests, proactive, and helpful.
I love this bank!
I already gave her my bank draft payable to her company and she is yelling "go somewhere else".
The bankers their were very friendly and prompt.
Absolute worst banking experience i have ever had.
One of the greeters happened to notice a returning customer (non account holder) to cash a check.
After working at a bank, i found her behavior unprofessional.
Do not visit this bank!
They also offer pretty much the same deals that any other bank offers.
All their banks are nicely appointed on the inside.
It is a lot different from any other banks.
Highly recommended as i can't stand chain businesses and too big to fail banks.
With the other bankers still standing around and talking.
Until me asking to pull out money from my account became such an ordeal.
My transaction would have taken less time if this was like any other bank i've ever pulled money from.
I always get quick professional personal service at this bank.
Although i am going to switch banks since i don't feel like being charged for having a checking account...
I wish every single day that we had gone with any other bank.
This is the worst bank!
Bank anywhere other than well fargo.
This is a full service branch.
Banking, mortgages, loans, investments and more.
They even have a couple computers for customers to use for accessing their online accounts.
This bank is on the corner of 16th street and osborn.
Thank you isalliah for giving such great customer service.
Very poor customer service.
It take 3 different contacts with employees just to get a copy of your bank statement.
This bank is finally breaking the camels back.
We are a retail operation running millions of dollars through this bank and now we have to pay for coins????!!!!
You're a bank, start acting like one.
Once again, us bank fails to deliver customer service.
The lack of attention to detail, disregard for customer service and fact they driven by making their numbers are glaring.
I moved most of my accounts to chase.
Really suggest not banking here.
Bank of america or 'merica* 10 customers.
Even though us customers and upset with their service.
I am ready to leave this bank for good.
The staff is friendly, and the drive thru banking is never too busy.
Otherwise, a great place to bank.
This bank is stupid.
I've been banking at this branch since 2004.
But overall, it's still a pain to have to do any business inside the bank.
They also have a drive thru for banking on the go.
I've always had great service at scefcu.
I was told that they were not tellers, they were account agents or something like that.
If this is the case, i would recommend chase for friendly, convenient service.
Trust me, i ain't shedding no tears when i break up with bank of america.
Of all the banks.
They try to help make the best of my account and suggest different ways to make banking easier.
They also do not include the address of the bank branch on their receipts.
Staff was super friendly in helping us close our accounts.
I always feel that banks don't leave me, as a customer, with a lot of wiggle room.
I mean, they have my money.
Even though it's been busy, not once have i had a negative customer service experience here.
Also, wells fargo customers get free notary services here.
No fuss, no muss, and no money spent.
We started using our normal chase bank where we have investements, retirements, checking, even being a private client there.
Go to the one on jones and desert inn better customer service.
How in the hell does a bank think it's appropriate to have one freaking teller for the whole bank.
How can you not give this bank a 5-star?
It opens on sunday, most banks don't.
It extend their business hours mondays thru fridays, most banks don't.
I love banking here, just used the notary service, no waiting in long lines.
I've had three significant experiences at this bank in which the customer service was so low, it wasn't even there.
I ended up handling it with another bank.
Third, there was a snafu between midfirst and another bank that i use.
Instead, they fought with me like a middle school frienemy, and i am closing my account in disgust.
Almost every interaction that i have had with this bank has been annoying, and unusually devoid of customer service.
In closing, worthless quality of service, time wasted, total mistake, closing account, do not recommend.
The level of service sean and his office provide is second to none.
I just found out because i have an account with credit karma and i check my credit score often.
- on attempting to cash in some savings bonds, the teller took 20 minutes (!!!)
And nearly deposited it in the wrong account.
It was lucky she tried to address me as "stephanie" or else somebody else would have gotten my money.
People behind me have left.i should of listened to the first review when they said it was a slow bank.
Go to another bank...even if it's a further drive!
The wait was long, and the service i received was sub-par at best.
Why does this bank always smell so horrible?
Such wonderful and patient service and longer hours than other branches!
Had some issues with online banking and sasha helped me settle everything, and did not rush me at all.
I dont' like to go to banks.
I was greeted relatively promptly and i told them "i would like to pay off this loan and close it.
I traveled home that day, called up my current bank of choice (usaa) and they transferred the money immediately.
I opened my online summary the next day and the funds were in my boa account...
I gathered my intel and went back to into the bank to find out how to correct it.
I have had multiple mortgages, car loans, ira's and millions of dollars of direct deposits shuffled through that bank.
I had the best customer service.
Two bank tellers and manager standing around doing nothing!
Horrible credit union that refuses to follow federal bankruptcy laws and retaliates against their customers.
We have been customers for years and we came to the bank to get our will notarized.
Would have been nice to know from the beginning--too bad, has been a decent bank to that point
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
I present my id and ask for money.
He gives me money.
Everyone in the bank was eager to help and make sure i was happy with their service.
I enjoyed my time inside the bank.
I left chase bank and switched to compass last year.
I rely on on-line banking.
If you do too then don't bank here.
When you send notes to their customer service, they send generic replies, if they even reply as well.
The customer service sucks and you have limited access to your funds because of poor web site maintenance.
Anyway, i'm in the process of moving accounts to wells fargo.
It is refreshing to receive such great customer service.
It's people like this that set chase above the other banks and why i prefer chase!
Look 4 stars for customer service at the drive thru.
The young guys here dress like old school bankers - real suit coat and tie.
I am in need of a loan, any kind of loan, for a unique situation.
I've been a chase customer for years and recently took my banking elsewhere - due to this type of service.
Very slow service at drive-up window.
I remember drive-up windows used to be fast service.
Update: zero stars; not even one star for this bank.
I highly don't recommend this bank.
I feel shaded and cheated out with no contact from the bank when i had fraudulent transactions on my account.
I let them do their investigation with no contact from the bank via postal mail, phone call, or email.
I am reporting this bank and my experience to the better business bureau.
Worst customer service i have ever had!
It took them over 3 months to send me a new bank card
Bebe is the best in setting up accounts and all the tellers are great.
Very nice branch with good service
They have had home equity loans, checking, savings, ira's, auto loans through this business.
We talked as a family and i am currently researching all other credit unions and banks for our family.
No more drive-thru services, not sure when they stopped doing that.
But i guess everyone are just saving money on their expenses.
I would still bank with them, won't stop doing it just because they stopped one of their services.
I need to wire money to my friend in the us.
I run to the bank bought the draft and had all needed information stored in my phone.
She then asked for account number, again, i had to teach her what it is and where to look for.
There were mistakes: wrong name, wrong address number, wrong street name, wrong city, wrong  account number !!!
Ok, 45 minutes gone for what the bank can do in 5 to 10 minutes.
I tried to save money because they have better rate than my bank but it ended up a big lost.
So next time, come to the bank, deal with professional, and save time.
Their atm machine ate my card, bank employee couldn't have cared less, and told me the card was gone forever.
When the manager asked if the service was good i told her she needed to hire more tellers.
I have four accounts, a mortgage and i even own 500 shares of the companies stock!
And when i was talking to the assistant bank manager he was laughing about it!
What great customer service.
I have been in customer service for 15yrs and that is the worst thing to do!
I will make sure to let everyone know not to bank here!
$5 dlls for q money order?
Why would you charge people that bank with you!
We have a financial situation where family money (for college) needs to be tied in to kids accounts for transfers.
I use the account for direct deposit and bill paying.
Have a couple of kid's savings.
Will probably move to a more convenient bank when they are on their own.
Can you really love your bank ?
I originally opened an account at mid-first with no expectation thinking it just another bank.
I don't know how the training program is, but hand down the best banking experience i have had.
And they were never pushy toward any services making me very comfortable.
And agree with alan, the banking center is beautiful ....
(btw, i don't work for them, just impressed by their services)
Great place to bank with.
Also great care in establishing car and home loans.
We have been sitting here for over an hour waiting for the one banker that is here today.
The one banker that is here is too busy talking about where he grew up and his family history.
The service at this bank has been on a steady decline for years.
We have 5 accounts here for various family members that we will be closing and moving to a "real" bank.
If you are looking for a new bank, bypass this one.
Very slow customer service, outdated systems, undertrained staff.
It sounds to good to be true when offered upon taking a loan, well it is.
This is a sister credit union for our pool loan.
The service is terrible here.
The set up of this place breeds bad service.
This place is amazing it was fast, smooth, and everyone had a great customer service.
Came in near closing time to cash a check and was asked if i'd like to open account.
I usually hate going to the bank but this was the best experience i've had
With all the media attention retail banks are getting for "new fees" less customer service etc.
Little things, like smiling friendly service, recognizing you when you enter and leave the bank.
With their awsome bill pay service online and widely accepted debit card, im staying with wells fargo.
The service is unparalleled and their knowledge and efficiency is unmatched!
There is an extreme lack of customer service at this location!!!
It does not matter to them that there are merchants or regular customer account holders in line.
For the most part, there is no care given to please any customer who enters this banking location.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
I am switching banks today.
Someone owed me money.
Chase would not allow them to put money in my account without me being present with id.
Yeah, i wouldn't want anyone sneaking money into my account.
It caused a huge problem for me because i was away and needed the funds in the account.
Chase is the only bank i've found with this ridiculous, inconvenient policy.
He says get out of my bank or i will call the cops!
I guess they gave a decent face an opportunity in banking.
Even the call center customer service blows!
Do yourself a favor and bank with chase or one of these established credit unions.
What kind of customer service is this?
If you don't care about your customers then don't work in customer service.
I'm taking my money elsewhere.
Really takes care of me and that deborah - amazing service.
Since chase is doing away with the drive through service i had to come inside.
He informed me about the atm service where i can deposit checks and explained the chase app to me.
I want to thank bianca guzman for all the help she has given my mother and i on our accounts.
This is the closest location to me that's an actual bank, not just a free-standing atm.
How i was able to setup monthly recurring transfers with the new accounts, i will never know.
Worst customer service ever.
If i want to see that kind of return, i can just buy bank stocks.
I was with the bank for eight years.
They treated me like a person and the online banking app was great too.
Recently i had money stolen from me.
Well they told me they couldn't help me refund my stolen money.
So i won't bank with them again or in the future.
Went to this bank with my mother in law to open up a safety deposit box.
We called before heading over to see if this was possible since we had no wells fargo account.
And that "i know i'm the bank manager".
You and your money deserve better.
The branch manager was very cold and unwilling to show empathy or customer service resolution issues.
They act more like a bank than a credit union.
Do not bank as midfirst.
You will be charged a fee for not using online banking, a fee for not making any deposits, etc... etc....
They will change the rules of "free" checking after you open your account and pretend this is your problem.
Must get my money out of here.
Service with a smile has always been the case, and i'm never just a customer.
If your money is in a bank, you're really missing out on the credit union membership experience.
I'm in the market for a new bank as mine sucks also, won't be you!!
I'll just keep searching for a bank that isn't a bunch of crooks
Daysi provided excellent costumer service!
Amazing service, this is a fine example of costumer service.
Four auto loans, no birth date issues?
A simple saving account and flounders has an epic failure!!!
Flounder's appears to be bank quackery at its best!!
The service was outstanding, i felt like a vip when coming through the door.
I asked a rep in the bank when it would be fixed?
We've been extremely happy with the service at this branch.
I opened my chase bank account at this location because it was close.
When i opened my account, my banker was friendly and gave me all the information i needed.
They're quick and friendly compared to other banks i've been to.
Extremely disappointed in the horrible service we received with the branch home mortgage officer gyorgia.
This particular bank is extremely friendly!
She didn't just say "have a great day," she enthusiastically said "thank you for banking with us today!"
This is a very well managed bank branch.
Service trucks working double time here.
Grade a+ on this branch for handling the flow of money evenly and carefully.
What a hassle getting online to check the account.
Too much to cash our own check or get cash out of our account.
This is a decent bank, maybe one of the better ones.
Why is there a service charge, most places don't charge a service charge.
Now days how often do you actually have to walk into a bank?
Hmm... maybe that was money well spent?
Great benefits and customer service.
Diandra perone was fantastic at helping me change my name while the personal bankers were busy!
They are horrible and the reason why i am leaving this joke bank.
The front service man is unknowledgeable.
Wells fargo demonstrates once again that customer service is a completely foreign concept to them.
Long lines and very indifferent service once you finally make it to the front of the line.
An hour and a half later we walked back into the bank and signed some papers.
Too many businesses ignore the importance of customer service.
The attendant had already taken any fees out of the money that i received.
She was very nice and smiled, and counted the money in front of me.
I was really impressed, since i had never exchanged money before.
All in all, great rate, fast, and pleasant service.
Our account person apologized several times.
I've been out with friends with plenty of money and when the checks due, of course my card won't work.
It's a nightmare banking here.
Expect to pay a lot of fees and have a lot of embarrassment banking with these guys.
So a long 30 minute waiting calling their number for help to get back into your account.
I use other banks and have no problems ever.
I am 100% happy with bank of america service.
I am absolutely pleased at their genuine and outstandingly personal customer service.
Then she asks if i'd like to open a savings account.
I probably won't trust you with any more of my money.
You should also seriously update your online services.
The banker and 2 supervisors are rude do not know how they work with the public!!!!!!!!!!!
Best bank of america in vegas!
One of the best decisions i've made switching to wells fargo bank.
If you want very slow service and poor customer service then come to this location!
All we needed to do was add a signer to an existing business account.
You can't save the account id, and have to look it up every time.
So managing the account is already kind of frustrating.
It's a week and a half before christmas and he doesn't have a bank card to buy gifts!
They will all be switching banks.
Very pleased with us bank.
All this while i am on hold with the bank.
I went to the first banker, fabiola ramirez, and said please help me.
Someone is transferring the contents of my bank account to unauthorized recipients as we speak.
I gave her my drivers license and bank card and my phone.
New account, new login, new password, new security on my account.
And most importantly, all my money was immediately returned to my account.
Don't waste your money and time!
I must say that i am really impressed with what they offer in terms of services and interest rates!
All the money transfers in and out of my bank account always in a prompt manners  interest rate.. sweet!
Tax saving account is at 3% with no commitment/minimum!
One draws back is you have to have another account in a full service bank!
Consistent great customer service.
However, they offer other conveniences that other banks or cu we used to do business with.
Fees are also minimal in contrast to the other financial institutions we used to bank with.
First national bank committed error after error and held up our closing 3 days past the original, scheduled date.
Throughout the loan application and closing, there were 2 employees that quit, which left gaps in the documentation process.
Save yourself the headache and stress  of working with anthony kesslak and aaron miller at first national bank.
I've been to worse banks/locations, and i've been to better.
Still, every time, i get the same "would you like to open an account?"
When i come in to cash a paycheck drawn on their bank.
Same idea, sure, but that's the difference between good service and average.
Just opened up  3 accounts at this branch.
A few days later i got letter saying they are closing all my accounts.
Wells fargo seems to value their money over their customer's lives.
Can't bring my firearm inside a bank, that's not a smart thing to do.
I'm giving 2 stars because of what i stated in the beginning of this review, not because of the service.
I recently moved here from the midwest and my former bank has no branches in az.
I have had several accounts with the "big banks" and decided to try a regional bank.
Signed all the paperwork and made a small deposit to get the account rolling.
A good banker will share all the major rules as he/she is handing over the documents.
I made a very large deposit into my checking account when i closed on my house.
They suggested i write a check or have the funds withdrawn using the routing and account number.
If i had known this, i never would have opened this account.
Just commenting on service but they are quick and your always in and out quickly....very important these days.
They have plenty of people working inside this bank, and that is very rare for a bank these days.
This bank has always been well staffed when i go there and that is a big deal.
This was the first wells fargo bank at which i did business when i moved to nevada.
My money isn't in there?
Teach your bankers to not make the customer feel uncomfortable about the money they earned, ever.
Inquired about opening an account.
They told me i owed them money.
Glad i didn't open an account with them.
The loan process was extremely quick and zac did everything he could to make sure we closed in time.
This is a horrible predatory bank company, which primarily markets itself to people with less than perfect credit.
Their knowledge of bank policy tends to be very sketchy.
Find a solid reputable bank for this can have a very negative impact on your financial condition.
This is the worse bank of america...
I had fraud on my account and only need a replacement card.
Her banks only work off appointment and i can make appointment but maybe tomorrow..
Opened my first pnc account here.
Bad service don't go to this location if your time is important to you!
Completely disappointed that getting the clover adapter for my business account did not work on my phones.
So again cancelled the account with the aid of banker.
We love  our bank!
They closed my son's account due to inactivity and stole everything he had.
I recomend that everyone close their accounts before they bleed you dry.
I visited this branch at the first bank yelp event!
The staff was very friendly and bank manager andrew was just awesome!
Went into this branch recently because i needed to talk to a personal banker about direct deposit.
Smallest bank i've ever seen as well.
Ridiculous zero customer service.
Gosh i love this bank.
Today i stopped in to get approved for a vehicle loan and kirsty took care of me.
So refreshing dealing with a bank with your best interest in mind that looks out for you.
Customer service doesn't seem to be at the top of the list for chase.
Chase is just really disappointing with customer service.
If already didn't have a bank i would move.
My experience for notary services was unbelievable.
I had heard notary services were available to non-members.
(the nearest location of my bank is aaaaallll the way in peoria.
But no, the smiling receptionist assured me i was, indeed, in a bank.
She also confirmed notary services were available and waved me over to the teller area.
I still had a feeling of disbelief that i was in a bank when i walked over.
(not that this is relevant to customer service.
And then i was a bit stunned that the notary service was free of charge.
Such a great bank.
I have a loan and two business accounts with this place.
Asu students get free checking accounts.
Besides that there are many different account types, personal and business, to fit your custom needs.
The tellers and personal bankers are all really nice and helpful.
The bank inside and out is beautiful.
Feels like a high scale hotel and not your run of the mill bank, very high quality.
Even though it's a nice looking bank i stay because of the service.
I've had bank accounts at several different banks and this is by far the best.
I always get fast immediate service and all the staff remember you.
Maybe the reason for their differences from other banks.
I have been to this us bank several times since i moved here in december.
The wf branch on flamingo and ft. apache is too crowded and not enough bank tellers.
Annie vuong is my personal banker and she's always helpful when i want to inquire about anything.
It's somewhat fast and efficient with bank teller services.
Don't bank here but always use their atm machines and cash checks here.
Drive thru atm and teller services.
The knowledge,  service and abilities of jeremy and the team are unparalleled.
I use to rely on my neighborhood bank, but no more.
The worst customer service.
As much as banks make, can they not afford to have more tellers??
All of our accounts are now with truwest.
Stellar service, employees are very friendly specially ryan he is my favorite.
I rarely actually go to a bank.
It's like the disney office of td bank.
The bankers here at midfirst bank are the nicest and are very kind and helpful here.
And they are very kind with helping you out with starting your bank account here at midfirst bank.
Like any other chase bank, here one is.
Poor customer service and poorly managed staff.
Very professional and superior customer service.
Isai juarez just took care of my banking needs, very pleasant experience!
He also gave me advice on some future accounts i need to open!
I never had this issue when i went to the bank in north las vegas near nellis air force base.
Our accounts were hacked and she's spent hours with us to remedy the problem.
Its called customer service, make it easier on your customers.
Customer service definitely not a priority.
The bank's  manager  should be more considerate and have more tellers at that time.
This was the second loan i closed with jeremy and his crew.
He got my home purchase loan back in 2009, and now we are closing in 3 days on my refinance.
Oh, by the way did i mention their fantastic customer-oriented service.
I recently opened a business account with m and i bank and i am so happy!
There you don't have a personal banker, you're lucky to get a call back.
However, at m and i bank, they take your relationship with them seriously.
You have your own personal banker who helps you with anything you need.
If you're not happy with your current banking situation, i highly recommend m and i bank!
Good auto loan rates  quick service.
Good auto loan rates
As a long time bank of america customer :  i.
I like that they specialize in assisting military personnel & their families with banking needs.
I recently vacationed in costa rica and had leftover money to change back into canadian dollars.
I was also preparing for a trip to thailand and indonesia, and converted money.
They have better rates than the big banks and they are always friendly and helpful down there.
Also, they don't gouge you with fees like the big banks.
Why do  you still do your banking at chase, bank of america, us bank, or any other large bank again???
Was an excellent customer, luved the bank.
I just refinanced my auto loan with america first.
I'm happy with the service, location, hours and accessibility of this company and employees.
The absolute worst banking experience in my life!
If you're in chandler definitely give this bank a shot!
I use this bank often to make deposits for the bossman, and only through the drive-thru.
No regards for their costumes, pathetic excuse for a bank.
I think its time to close out my accounts.
The telephone and online service sucks also
Technically this is stolen money.
But then why am i held accountable for their error.
So they are holding mine and my husband's money interest free.
Once this is settled i will be looking into switching banks.
If you are in a rush or even want service avoid this bank
Been banking with third fed.
I've always had to wait in super long gone lines at this place and the customer service isn't the best.
If you have plans after the bank make sure you at least have 45 minutes to spare.
This chase bank is very friendly and fast compared to most around here.
0 stars if i could horrible customer service.
Ave, if you are looking for a mortgage loan.
Us bank (also veteran friendly) and aloha pacific credit union i also recommend.
I have an automatic transfer from my account to my child's account.
One day i noticed that the transfer hadn't shown up on the child's account.
When was the last time you heard that from bofa, chase or anyother national bank?????
Pros: (1) free checking.
I mean truly free checking.
(2) free atm withdrawls at cooperating member atms (3) did i mention free checking?
This is the only bad experience i've had since i've been banking with them.
So the first disappointment my husband and i had went to open him an account and apply for a loan.
Anyways when it came to the loan i asked if we can apply for a personal loan?
Only three tellers for a long line, small rundown bank needs a major remodel.
Because chase offers good service, that's why the branch open everywhere.so disappointed.
Have been banking with truwest cu since i was a kid and my dad opened my first savings account.
Their services are great and have been very helpful over the years.
Highly recommended for their savings and checking account options.
The customer service representative i spoke to tonight was entirely unhelpful when i required her services.
Therefore, i was neither making any more deposits into my pnc account nor using my pnc card.
Each day after i had irresponsibly overdrawn my account, pnc charged me a fee of $7.
Now all i wished to do was close out the account.
The first attempt i made was "too soon" after i had paid off the charges from overdrawing the account.
So i let the account sit for about a week.
Then i called back during their customer service representative hours to close out my account tonight.
The assistant branch manager nicole koubek was extremely helpful in addressing my banking needs and provided awesome customer service!
As this was my first visit to this branch of us bank i can only express how disappointing it was.
This bank closes at 6pm!!!
One of the best banks i've ever had the pleasure doing business with.
This branch reflects the quality of customer service that i've come to expect from this credit union.
The drive up atms are very convenient and has given me a new appreciation for this bank.
Forget the big giant banks.
We have had a lot of difficulties with banking through intouch.
I have banked with them since 2004 and closed out both of my accounts with them today.
Excellent sophisticated , yet personal service.
If you miss your small credit union or bank, this credit union is the one!
This simply isn't service but a disservice!
We had a really bad experience in 1993 and even filed a complaint with the arizona banking commission.
While legally, they did nothing wrong, it cost us money and in our view was very unethical and immoral.
It really boiled down to their rejecting our suggestion to make the loan go through.
Using our suggestion, the loan did go through.
We gave the next 30 loans to another lender ferrell beazer of at the time express one mortgage.
The supposed professionals did not and it cost us money.
Suggestion:  try someone else and save some money.
How about checking the facts before you post.
This is my second loan with sun american mortgage, and i will use them for all my future mortgage needs.
Worst bank & customer service to deal with including their corporate office!!!
Surprised on how they are functioning, hope they go bankrupt... or customers wise up and see their evil behaviors...
Wouldn't it occur to them when they pull up an account that there is never any money in my checking?
Wouldn't that then prompt them to either ask or think that i would want my money in the savings account?
Just opened an account today, quick and efficient service.
Great location, looking forward to banking with them.
I opened my accounts up in the dobson/main branch some time ago.
I have had nothing but excellent  customer service.
Unfortunately, the jeep dealership we bought our suv from chose pnc for our auto loan.
We finally receive our pin, then go online only to discover our account doesn't exist.
Yes, all the documents they sent us had the wrong account number.
I can only imagine the complete clusterfuck it would've been getting our money back and credited to the correct account.
Yup, you can only make online payments if you open an account with them.
There's banks still pulling this shit in 2016?
Switching banks as of today.
She helped my friend withdraw money from the machine from his social security debit card.
The process took forever b/c there were so many additional steps (as compared to other banks we've used).
I may switch to another bank or credit union just b/c of this change!!
Stood in line for over 30 minutes to withdraw my money.
The atm outside though is very slow... but overall a great bank.
Case in point, when i went there today, a staff member greeted me as i entered the bank.
I will be closing my account today!
For drive thru and in branch banking all the time!
Perhaps customer service and satisfaction is not a priority here...
So basically the bank that i was hiring to protect me from fraud was fraudulently charging my account!
So i closed out all of my credit cards business account personal accounts and savings accounts with us bank
I would be banking somewhere else.
Please us bank do better than this
He was being so rude and no customer service skills.
This is not the type of bank i want to do my banking, there are horrible and very unprofessional.
I got up and left the branch with no desire to ever do business with us bank.
Thanks again for the best service ever.
Went in trusting they would give me the best loan possible.
When can we do away with banks and stupid cashiers and completely bank online?
Why do banks limit the funds that you can electronically deposit?
This bank of america is small, but convenient to my house and the customer service is always on point.
Unlike standing in the regular line i needed to see one of the personalized bankers, special.
Overall, a bank of america branch that is there to serve is customers.
Horrible customer service !
They are not here to help all they want is your money !
You have to bank with them and pay their banking fees to make change!
Any other bank would have done it !
Overdraft fees are the reason i left major banks in the first place.
Save your time, pay the big banks even unethical as they are, they won't make your life unnecessarily difficult.
Open later than most banks which is a major perk for me.
He thoroughly explained my loan options so i could make the best decision for my situation.
His team kept me regularly updated throughout my loan process.
My closing went very smooth and the loan funded right away after i signed.
This is an very nice bank.
Attractive space, ample parking and convenience make this an attractive banking location.
Excellent service i received at this location the many times i've been here.
What makes pnc really stand out as a one star is their customer service.
A few weeks ago i transferred a nice chunk of money, using paypal, to a friend.
Long story short the funds were transferred out of my account twice which was not pncs fault.
I need to be able to access our money and pay our bills.
Guess that isn't good enough for u.s. bank.
2 people here and 4 bankers i've been standing here waiting for nothing.
They did not take my $50 american bills without the red wave, which i got from the bank.
Worst drive thru teller customer service i have experience of any valley mid first branch.
I am moving to nv and my current bank has no locations in nv so i popped into us bank.
One less star for banking fees.
My current bank has free banking with no minimum balance.
Thought i stumbled onto a great new bank until i saw the fees charged for business accounts!!!
This bank is fucking awful.
Banks exist merely so i can keep a debit account for online shopping.
Who like keeps money in a bank?
Was referred to this bank by my grandma.
I set up a new account today as well as my savings and the overall experience with her was wonderful!
If you're thinking about banking here do it and go see beatrice!!!
By far the best experience i've had at any bank!
He helped me with a fraudulent transaction with my account since i was having trouble talking to someone.
They refused to refund my money.
They said i had to open a credit card or checking account & they'd credit that.
After 45 minutes of arguing i requested an audit of my account.
I finally refinanced my loan with new company on july 11th and guess what happened on aug 1st?
They hit up my account for another payment after my new loan took over.
Beware truwest thieves & crap customer service!
Andy gutman is one of the top loan officers in las vegas by far !
That customer service !
He made it easy to understand the loan process !
Bofa will probably no longer be my bank if this continues.
Utilized as a shared branch i don't see any service equal to that of my original cu.
Upon entering the bank, use the touchscreen console to get a number.
The reason my experience with the bank was poor was because of the awful dissemination of information.
But that's not all the bank's fault.
Firstly, service fees are cash only.
Why, oh why, would a bank accept cash only?
Susan the new branch manager is friendly until you question her about something or challenge her on a bank policy.
Chase has good online banking services, however the personal service is especially poor.
This branch with the new management is a new level of poor service.
They offer poor service with a big huge friendly smile.
The worst accountability in a financial institution ever.
The check was made payable to myself and negotiated by another business whom banks with usbank.
Usbank will in return have to take the $3200 loss and pay me back my funds.
Usbank is stealing my money.
Va pittsburgh federal credit union for your banking needs.
When the parking is nearing capacity that is when the valet service really ramps up their service here.
Also there is a bus stop located out front and shuttle service between facilities.
Do not use this "bank" if you're building credit.
They require hard credit pulls and new credit applications even if opening secured loans or secured credit cards.
They will never release that money without closing your credit card account and harming your credit score.
Best banking experience i have received by-far!
Been with them for less than 3 months and their customer service has one-upped any other institution i've been with.
I was just very impressed by the initiative she took to provide anticipated customer service.
I wasn't expecting her to waive the fees, but she kindly offered the service with a smile on her face.
Great customer service still exists in this world!
Worst customer service inside and at the drive-thru!!
I love this bank!
And whenever i have to go inside, the customer service is outstanding.
Do not go into this branch or start an service with this credit union.
I've had the worst experience i've ever had with a bank .
I have been banking with federal for over 20 years.
I went in to set up online banking and the lady in the office was super helpful.
I understand their jobs might be stressful, but this is a customer service business.
Services/rates offered are good.
The more "experienced" ladies especially could use a refresher course in customer service with a smile.
Im trying to get information about my account.
If you aren't ready for good customer service then this might not be the field for her.
Setup an appointment for a service need.
I love banking with u.s. bank.
I would highly recommend opening up accounts with this branch!
I don't bank with wells fargo but i do end up in this branch about once a month.
We have dealt with many banks over the years but must admit that this bank is the worst.
We set up multiple accounts, a mortgage, loan, debit and credit cards.
All started out well two years ago until our checking account got hacked this past april.
Within 24 hours the new account was hacked!
We have already moved a few accounts to citibank and will be transitioning the rest by year end.
This is the worst bank to use.
The customer service is horrid and the wait time us ridiculous.
I wasn't informed by the banker i would need an appointment.
I prefer credit unions over banks because the rates are better and it supports the state/community you live in.
This credit union also doesn't charge for keeping your own money in safe keeping.
Where as the larger banks have monthly fees, minimum requirements, and every other fees you can make up.
It could be worse, it could be a usbank.
Probably a good place to get a savings account for your kids, but.....nah.
As a business owner they made me wait far too long to get some service.
This is the one and only time i will be inside this bank.
I have been trying for 3 months to get my hard earned working salary and retirement money released.
Someone at this bank needs to look at the transfer department and fire the people who cannot do their jobs.
Folks whatever you do, do not put your money in this bank.
The worse part though was watching the bank personnel interaction with a customer who hadn't take off his hat.
Gosh, it's not like the bank was full of customers.
Hey, i'm not bad off but to show this mannerism it's shocking to hv to search my accounts that long.
Came to this location to be added on to an account.
My loan to debt ratio is 5 times that of what i wanted to borrow for home improvement.
My house has more equity than that i asked to loan.
Was closed by pnc bank without my knowledge.
Beware of pnc bank!
I had a heloc with them for 10 years, and then when i went to refinance it, the loan dept.
3 months went by of run-arounds, then the loan was approved!
My loan had disappeared!
I have an approved loan!!!
And their customer service manager - "oh i looked into it - too bad we can't help you.."  seriously?????
As a new account holder, i appreciated the time and thoughtfulness i was provided.
U.s. bank started charging my account an outrageous new fee and offered no explanation.
I decided to yank all my money and just be done with them.
No one asked/cared why i was closing my accounts.
The level of service was on point.
Hands down the best bank in az.
Great customer service and a stunning banking center.
Never have i had a better customer service experience with a financial institution.
I just found out that the money will not be refunded and so i'm closing the account.
The manager i spoke to was quite curt and i would warn others not to use this bank.
I have all of my auto loans through america first credit union.
Anyhow, they ended up qualifying him and settting up the account.
This is what the experience i would expect from any bank location.
Finally, the banker asks me what i needed.
At this point, my answer should have been nothing, but, i told her i would like to establish an account.
America first credit union will never hold my money.
I closed my accounts with bank of america years ago.
Your staff and your armed guard are costing you money.
Terrible service  wow how is this possible?
I walked into the chase bank branch at 35th ave and peoria and met with erica yanez.
She was patient and listened to my concerns and guided me with her expertise in all of my banking needs.
Super fast payment process & asked if i needed anything & was just great customer service.
The supervisor initially refused to alter a service.
Overall, in the 5 years we have had a mortgage with national bank, we did have a 5-star experience.
I got laid off and my checking was overdrawn for about three weeks.
When i called i was told the money deposited in the morning would not be available till the afternoon.
If you plan to open an account don't believe it will take 15 minutes to be helped.
Do not ever open a business account with chase bank.
The appointments are to open new personal accounts.
To put icing in the cake the women told me that chase bank is a federal institution.
In the time it took to wrote this, my business account was completely emptied.
Since i would expect that same service.
Just signed up today for a savings account with america first credit union.
I had an overdraft from amazon hitting my bank account twice.
Always helped right away with super quick and helpful service.
I deal with chase bank frequently and prefer wells fargo (& specifically this location!)
My advice to anyone is run like hell if you ever thinking of doing any business with pnc bank !!!!.
The more i think of this bank the more upset i get.
The worse bank to go to as an real estate investor.
Never been treated more worse as a client from a bank then us bank.
So, that's the customer service i got!
It was a nightmare getting some loans and even a bigger headache when those loans came for renewals.
Then the customer service can't help and will ask your number for call back.
Making a deposit into my checking account.
Completely inconsistent services and rules.
Just came in trying to reopen an account and they gave me such a hard time.
No matter how much money they have!
I'm sick and i'll never come back to this bank!
I've always had fast and friendly service here.
Overall a nice bank.
So yes i did get my money back.
Their staffs behavior have numerous complaints for this type of customer service.
His customer service is superb and i would recommend him to everyone, he does not disappoint!
Now my credit score might get affected because these incompetent bankers.
I recently moved my policies (auto, home, life) from another carrier and my overall savings is approx 17%.
I also feel better with the financial stability of state farm, but most importantly, the service from sean.
Bankers pei or fernando are very gracious and helpful!
I can deal with that, i just want my money and get the hell out.
Horrible customer service, and always trying to sell you something.
Had an overdraft fee of $85 because of a banker error and they only gave me $17 back..
I thought a bank was some place where you could safely keep your money?
Not somewhere where you can give them money and they can take whatever they want from it?
I'll probably be switching banks very soon because of such service.
I and my family opened an account there and all the information they add to our profiles was wrong?!
(different branches) their attitude, the service, and their customer services are sucks.
Three, when i received my money it was just in the tube with my receipt no envelope.
What has happened to customer service!!?
I own a small business and had gone to chase to open a business checking account.
I left chase bank and drove over to the intouch credit union on w. lake mead blvd.
I was immediately helped and opened a checking account for my business in about 30 minutes.
It's clear the bigger banks like chase couldn't care less about small business owners.
She stated it wasn't a bank error because they used the addresses i had provided.
He didn't just give me a shallow greeting the way they do at my bank of america branch.
Exceptional... mary made this home loan process very smooth.
It's hard to argue with the full services that wells fargo provides - quite comprehensive.
One of my businesses banks here and we're always treated professionally and positively.
They made the process of getting a home loan seamless and surprisingly easy.
They are incompetent, liars and their customer service is awful.
They miscalculated tax monies in my escrow account and most recently failed to pay insurance yet again.
I will be changing banks, on all my accounts soon.
Been banking here since i was born - wouldn't want to switch to another.
Plus a few checking and savings accounts.
Local bank is great, corporate sucks.
We worked with jeremy and our loan process went smoothly.
He closed the loan two weeks early.
It's a bank... you either hate it or love it.
Told him no and he just kept yapping....  its a nice bank... and a convenient location so i'll go back.
They walk you through every step of your loan!
She has zero personality, no sense of customer service/relations.
Is this a bank?
It's not a traditional bank so they don't take cash deposits, and everything was done on an ipad.
I have 2 auto loans with them, got really good rates.
Do not put your money in this bank!
We have money in this bank and they will not release the funds!
The bank account with the funds were in my husbands and my father in laws name.
My father in law passed away and the bank froze the account.
So we wait and get a letter saying they can't release our money because now they want something else!
After all it's your money not bank nationals!!
Couldn't get the money that is in my bank account.
In fact, it is to protect them from having to pay too much money, should my pin be stolen.
So i had to withdraw money from my credit card in order to withdraw the 350$ out.
Obviously, they charged me another 2-3$ to withdraw money from the atm.
You shouldn't bank with another bank.
Also, they freeze anything above 200$ for 7 business days if you deposit money or a check at the atm.
Once, i wrote myself a check to transfer money to my nbc account.
What are they doing with the money?
They were the first one to charge you 2$/month if you wanted a printed statement of your bank account.
They have great plans (compared to the other major banks).
Customer service at this location leaves a lot to be desired.
Account lookups on my minor's account is another challenging adventure at this location.
This location fails to realize the importance of customer service and building a good banking relationships with minors.
I've learned my lesson and will move all of my accounts and my kids' account to them as well.
Customer service is very bad...
Signing up with  state farm, i was a bit skeptical that saving money was a possible.
I decided to look elsewhere for a better rate and service.
No, my 14 year  old doesn't want a savings account for the birthday check grandma sent.
Took it to my home branch and they gave the kid her money.
I have been so dissatisfied with the customer service at the retirement end of the business.
What kind of customer service is that?
This big bank will no longer be available after 4pm beginning in june.
Already inconvenienced with no drive thru available to customers, apparently the bank doesn't want any more business.
The customer service is wonderful at this bank!
This is the best bank i've ever worked with.
Do not bank with huntington.
Their obsession with policy causes low customer service.
Greeting was weak but overall friendly service for non-members.
This location (and bank in general) used to be a good solid bank.
This location could care less about customer service, even the manager has a horrendous attitude towards customers and their needs.
I thought you had to put up your house, car kid and wife to get a start-up loan, guess not.
I have had nothing but issues with this bank.
I opened up an account over a month ago and still no debt card.
I literally have to bank at a different cu to physically walk in and pull out money.
Seriously will close this account and go to a better one soon.
From the moment i walked in i felt unwelcome ; like we were just money signs walking around.
We met with lalo a loan officer who also is just plain rude.
All he wanted was our money.
I've been a member for 6 years and have never experienced better service every time i visit.
Today i was privileged to be serviced by daniel and alex.
My husband and i have had nothing but problems and rude customer service.
This is the best bank i have had to deal with.
Employees know how to do their job well, they are very well informed about the banking business in america.
Customer service on the phone is very helpful, too.
Thanks for not being honest about your own policy, but another banks too.
I sent an e-mail, got a quote, went in and exchanged my money.
Fast and professional is all you should want when exchanging money.
This was my 4th visit to get both my bank card and online banking working.
Had the worst customer service experience with this branch today.
I brought my minor child to the bank to open an account.
We retrieved her passport and returned to the bank.
I expect the bank and bankers i work with to be knowledgeable in their field and honest.
At this point i asked to close all 4 of my chase accounts.
I have been a customer since 2005 and i am so disappointed to receive such unfriendly customer service today.
I will find a new bank that values their customers a bit more than my experience with this branch.
She said she wouldn't help me unless i had my chase bank card and my id.
That's not right, owning a business i've stopped in a lot of banks and been helped.
I don't tend to go into a bank but when i do i don't expect to keep getting past around.
Horrible customer service, i have had a mortgage account for years.
Multiple errors in closing my deceased mom's account and opening accounts for her beneficiaries.
Enjoyed getting to know them and talk to them while im doing my banking business.
Their web page software has been 10 years behind other credit union/banks and didn't offer standard features everyone else offers.
Transfers between accounts can take 2 to 5 business days to occur.
Unlike every other bank that does transfers immediately or over night.
Have been banking with them for over 20 years.
No issues, always great service, super friendly people!
Just opened a new account today.
My banker was alexandra vu and she was absolutely wonderful!
So far so great- just obtained a car loan and the value and services offered were great.
We brought 3 checking accounts here from a bank and so far so good.
You think this bank is good?
Wonderful option in a city built on big banks picking your pocket.
All people that are not making money with their banks should immediately switch to a credit union.
I've had a savings account with them since i was a child in the mika mika club.
I now do my checking with them as well, and i am so glad i do.
I was recently scammed for a pretty large amount of money.
Linda and bdcu make me feel safe with my banking, and i would not go anywhere else.
I approved to open a checking business account, but they added a business savings account that i did not approve.
I closed on the business accounts.
I went to a different branch to deposit my check made to my dba tonight personal checking.
Bank of america cashed a check, to spectrum, that somehow ended up in the hands of their, private, account holder.
Spectrum never got the money and our internet was shut off.
This caused me hours of hassle as i had to establish another internet account.
He makes dealing with various banking issues a breeze, and he's kind and funny to boot.
There was fraud on my account.
The money was returned the following monday which was appreciated.
On tuesday i noticed there was overdraft fees on the account that was supposed to be closed.
I had to take time off work to go to the bank to address this.
The person at the banker's desk (brett) acted put out to have to assist me because it was almost closing.
I explained i had to take time off work and i needed the account closed.
I explained i would just close both accounts and bank with chase.
So i again had to take time off work and i took my money out of wells fargo.
They could care less and had zero customer service!!
After few years of great service it's time for me to leave a review and spread the word.
If you need a safe deposit box and don't want to deal with the banks - this is your place!
I had to withdraw $1000 from my business account.
Not my bank but had to make a deposit.
Extra tip: as lukewarm as service was here, it's better than the 150 bloor west hsbc branch- frigid service.
Apparently it also applies to new "possible" banking customers as well.
Do not support criminals under banking laws!
Though wf is fairly large, i still get that small bank feeling when i go there.
I have been banking with huntington for approximately 20 years and tonight was the last straw.
I will be closing my account in the morning.
I worked with john jensen, an insurance account representative, and he helped make switching insurance companies easy and enjoyable.
Wells fargo is the best bank in this country.
For foreign currency exchange and other services, go somewhere else.
Their rates are also better than the bank.
I find their service to be extremely convenient.
Seriously thats funny coming from a bank that stole from their own customers.
High risk is doing business with an unethical bank like wells fargo imo.
But there isn't a chance i would allow wells fargo to direct deposit anything into my account.
I banked with navy fed while in the corps, boa, wells fargo and even chase.
At the very least they got the basic principle of customer service right, greet the customers
Customer service is friendly.
Small, more community style bank.
Whole process for obtaining a loan (and i have an excellent credit score) was a nightmare.
Best banking experience i've ever had!
Lorenzo helped me open a savings and checking account, as well as a credit card.
He was upfront and respectful, didn't pressure me into opening the most expensive account.
It's a shame now that i'm moving to a different state, i would have loved making this my permanent bank.
Two hours to add a signor onto my bank account.
This bank pushes its customers away with very poor service.
Poor service and waited 30 min before they helped me.
I have been banking with wells fargo for over a year now.
Everytime i go in there, i receive good service.
However, today was by far my best experience with any bank.
Thank you stacy for your amazing customer service.
So i definitely appreciate it, and because of her service i will never bank with anyone else besides wells fargo.
I have a vehicle loan, a business account, and a regular account.
Katie just recently helped me set up my business account at this location and was very knowledgeable and helpful.
Just checked my account.
Claudia i guess decided to go ahead and charge my account for 12 copies!!
Shame on you chase.. who wants to bank with a bank that is so dishonest.
Dan had us apply for a bank statement loan.
I still have 4000 missing from my money market savings account.
Its been a month now and us bank has not fixed the issue.
The bank is not secure.
I was not even notified that there had been fraudulent activity on my account over the course of a weekend.
Once i have my funds back i'm closing out all of my accounts with this bank.
This is a credit union and i truly felt i was a bank customer.
I really like this bank, the staff is friendly and always take care of what i need.
I hate talking through the glass with bank tellers, and that is never a problem here.
This is the best banking experience i have had.
We now have our personal and business accounts with midfirst bank.
This bank of america location has the best staff.
Keep up the good service!
I am sitting waiting in the bank for someone to help me and there is not a sole in here.
Since i left wells fargo and i started banking with chase i have been so happy!
The customer service chase offers is amazing!
Enter bancless loans-upscale/trendy stores that feel like a european boutique with a friendly and helpful staff in a relaxed environment.
Dan sherbondy, my loan officer is the very best!
Dan, if you are reading this..... you are .... dan, the loan man las vegas!!!
But i hate this bank.
I hate the online services, they suck.
All i want to do is make separate areas where i can put money for things like vacation or education.
To do this, i have to create differet savings accounts, which costs 25$ each.
"you can create a savings goal."
And ow many savings goals can you create for each account?
I do not want to create a fuck ton of accounts, just to be able to separate my money.
I have been using nevada state bank for years and for the most part i get great service.
Ashlee the bank manager always takes care of me in this branch.
Banks as everyone knows are difficult unless u have a lot of money.
In vegas us bank is the bank to bank with.
Phenomenal no pressure customer service.
Best rates and no fees on most of their accounts.
I have had the same a+ experience at every us bank i've been to.
Forget about bank of america - they're a joke here in vegas (see my review on two of their locations).
This bank knows how to steal money from you stay away!!!
We work to hard just to give it all to the bankers!!!
The customer service i receive here is spot on every time and the conversation that takes place is exceedingly pleasant.
Huntington has given me some problems as a bank in general, but there's nothing wrong with this branch at all.
Time is money, and this place will rob you of it.
Can't wait for the day when robots take over bank tellers, than these clowns can go work at mcdonald's.
Not the best neighborhood, but you know, bank, duh.
He tried assisting and told me they could not convert my account.
I let him know the phone rep had said it would be something as simple as converting the account.
It's nice that they welcome you without pretension and often offer ways to safe you money for your transactions.
Seems that bank of america treats non account holders much different than those who do.
I highly recommend banking somewhere else.
Worst banking experience to date.
Customer service is key, and bank of america never got the memo.
I came in to deposit a check into my mother's account.
If this is not procedure to look up an account, it should never have been done in the first place.
Bank of america at it's finest.
Thank god i stopped banking there a long time ago with the terrible service they provide.
That is why it is so encouraging find a company like bancless loans.
When circumstances compel you to leverage your valuables for quick cash, i highly recommend bancless loans.
They are the worst bank i've ever dealt with.
I can promise i wouldn't recommend this bank to my worst enemy.
Turn around time for discrepancies take 3 days when most banks can do things instantly.
Their customer service representatives are uniformed and give no answers or are helpful.
Fast and helpful service through out my time spent with sfm!
Will be looking for a new bank.
Quick friendly and awesome service.
I've never waited long and they remember you if you come and see the same banker.
Can't ask for more from my bank.
Or if you want to cash in your piggy bank!
Customer service is great but it's just not enough.
I would use extreme caution when banking here due to this simple fact.
Customer service is amazing.
My friend is trying to transfer money from her account to her landlord's bank account.
She has been in the bank for 55 minutes!
Seems like poor customer service!
Good, fast and friendly service.
Staff was incredibly kind and polite, they helped me open a new account in a very efficient manner.
Their web page software has been 10 years behind other credit union/banks and didn't offer standard features everyone else offers.
Transfers between accounts can take 2 to 5 business days to occur.
Unlike every other bank that does transfers immediately or over night.
No other bank does this.
I feel that they have a big bank attitude.
Since they have poor customer service i guess that's all they have to brag about.
A bank is all customer service and bofa has none in person.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Last i checked i was at a bank where that's their job.
They were very helpful and friendly this is the bank i always like to go to.
Friends recommended huntington bank since our bank has no locations in the area.
This bank has the weirdest hour of operation: 10am to 4pm.
Come on, other banks close at 6pm or even 8pm, and even open on weekends.
Overall, just found their banking/customer service options lacking in comparison to banks like td and rbc.
Long line and the still take 5 minute with every customer to explain "valuable services you are eligible for".
Always great customer service.
Several years back they were our mortgage company and we were pleased with the customer service.
We were disappointed to find that the mortgage banker we were familiar with had moved to another branch.
Kevin was the mortgage banker.
Tuesday i went to the bank to see kevin personally.
When i asked for kevin i was told that he was no longer with the bank.
His customer service is outstanding.
The bottom line is that our loan was completed and we closed on time.
Shame on bank of america making us waist our time!!
A merchant service company that strives to find solutions for business owners to make their businesses more profitable.
Awful awful customer treatment-service is not in the bank vocabulary.
At southfield michigan bank,  there are never enough tellers, lines inside, drivers just leave, they have to wait so long.
No employee wishes to explain or investigate information on an existing loan-only to open new loans.
Families had their  own personal bankers who conducted the families business.
Terrible service here and a very mean staff.
I wanted to speak to someone regarding my checking acct.
I'm not sure why i bank here.
I like this bank because they are always professional and quick.
I'll get to rbc's customer service in a minute.
The lack of time wasted buying envelopes and dealing with customer service will be well worth it over time.
I bank with america first.
At my home branch they were willing to work with me to gain access to my account.
The service is always relatively slow with this branch.
I suppose i would find another banking institution.
Her name tag should read:  julie amazing hagan champion banker  thanks julie!
Everything is way overpriced and a huge money scam.
I recently used their services and it was very convenient.
They have all my banking accounts for both personal and business and my ira.
I went to another lender but wanted to have my mortgage kept with all my other accounts.
It is july 17th, over 6 weeks for a mortgage loan.
The customer service is horrible and they lie!!
I am taking all my accounts to another bank
Its not like i got mad and said i want my money back.
State farm is there to make money for their shareholders, bill johnson is your good neighbor!
I bet his bank account is probably overdraft from buying fancy suits with a receptionist job.
The service they provide is above and beyond !
They closed the drive through service and permanently closed all but 3 of their service windows inside.
Slow slow slow service.
If you come in to see a banker, expect a 20 minute wait.
In fact there is a nice wells fargo right around the corner with much faster service.
I have a car loan with them and my car was totaled.
They try to up sell every person that come in the bank.
The bank manager comes out and helps when there is 8 people in line.
Of all the big banks i've used in the past, none can compare with us bank in las vegas.
They treated me like an old friend when i came in to open a new account, in my new city.
They went out of their way to work with my illinois bank.
They never have me waiting long and great customer service.
I read other reviews for this bank and i have had nothing but great experiences.
I was really impressed with the customer service that this branch gave.
I will definitely come back to this branch for my banking needs.
My need to actually visit the bank is rare, as i have direct deposit and seldom use cash.
Still waiting for my money.
Avoid this bank to avoid unnecessary headaches!
Cares about your business best customer service
Short lines, quick service, ample parking.
I don't think there is a single bank that i've had more issues with than bank of nevada.
They decide when they will put an ach through and play around with your money.
My husband has his business account here so i went along with switching our personal account too.
Bankers think their doctors.
Must have an appointment in order to talk to someone about your own money.
This location has the best customer service!!!
If rude and indifferent is what your looking for, this banks for you!
Customer service doesn't exist.
Will be taking my money some where that we will be appreciated,  or at the very least smiled at!
I don't bank here, fortunately, but am forced in once a month as my landlord has his account here.
Walked in here to try and open a bank account with them.
The branch is extremely clean, even by bank standards, and even when they're busy it's relatively quiet.
This need to stop they are trying to make us get bank accounts and that's not right
I will be closing my b of a account of 15 years and directing all future banking to wells fargo.
The personal bankers here are fine too.
Since i rarely have to deal with managers in a bank, i'll hardly hold that against them.
This bank or branch is horrible....you have 1 teller in line with 6 or 7 people in line.
Just needed to stop at a bank because i needed change for $3.00.
To my surprise i was informed that since i don't have an account there i had to show an i.d.
Opened a business checking account.
Humberto call the issuing bank and verified funds to have the proceeds released immediately.
Catherine flockton is the most amazing member service specialist ever ever ever!!!
He said ok .. you need a account here to do that ....
Stay away from this bank as they lie and steal your information!!!
Wow no wonder why no one banks with them!
My interaction with the loan officer was good.
The loan office was fully aware of my situation as i had kept him up to date with what's happening.
You are making money of my business and your service should include to check these things.
The loan office put his hands up saying its their fault and there is nothing they can do about it.
What about internal audits especially when we are talking about money here?
Ten days and you wait for me to call you and ask what's the status of my loan?
The loan officer convinced me to wait for a few days until thanksgiving for the rates to come down.
You get a good loan office, you are safe.
If you get a poor loan office you can go through some stressful periods.
Messaged over yelp, quick response and good customer service.
I figured this wasn't so bad until they kept taking $30 out of my account every month.
Lots of workers/bankers chatting or standing around but one teller.
Great customer service and the wait is not to long.
This has got to be the worst for customer service.
Terrible service from the henderson office.
Service just got worse after that.
I bank with this location for my job and not for myself anymore it's that bad.
Pay attention, business accounts newly in the area.
If they don't have a business customer in line, they'll take their non business accounts at the business window.
To a different bank.
I have banked through credit unions in one way or another my whole life.
I received a delinquent notice from them on my car loan.
Just tried to deposit cash into a friends account and they don't accept cash as a deposit.
Chase is still one of the worst banks ever.
Rate was about 0.5% better than the banks.
Customer service is a big plus for me here.
I don't have any account with them so i'm not too sure about how their products are.
Great customer service... and even better rates on our truck payment....
Dumbest process of any bank i've ever been to.
This chase bank was easily the slowest i've ever experienced.
They will not exchange dollars for foreign currency unless you have open accounts.
I am glad i don't use this as my primary bank.
4 cars were serviced before i got my money in the far lane!
District market hunnington bank puts this branch to shame!!
But the one and only time i step foot into the bank - that's when the issues started.
I have received counterfeit money and my deposits were short a few times once you leave they won't help you.
I your a bank.
Your in the business of money.
Who has an account.
They wouldn't do it for me because i don't have an account.
They're not even a bank.
I bank through wells fargo they have never asked me for my account info just for change.
Do yourself a favor and bank with someone else.
A business banking sign.
She says we don't do separate business banking.
B of a has definitely changed and not for the be   update: absolute horrible customer service.
Other than that, it is a very nice bank!
This of course is just the continuing trend to get out of the consumer banking business.
This bank continues to solicit me to transfer a cd to them; methinks not.
Whereas other banks, and credit unions, seem to be serious about consumer banking; chase is moving in the opposite direction.
They give you and everyone personalized service that you just don't get anywhere else.
I highly recommend this banking institution to all of you and your family members.
One banker available for this branch?
Bad parking, lousy service, and a little bit of snow causes them to close on a friday.
If they are calling for snow you had better get everything you need from this bank before a flake falls.
Dunkin' donuts was open and all of the stores around this bank were open.
This is the first time i've ever known of a bank closing because of the little bit of snow.
Very nice banking center and the staff is great!
Do not get any loans thru these people!
The only other option is to pay a few days and have your bank send a check.
My bank's system went down and alerted me my payment won't be sent on time this month.
Looking for someone to buy out my loan.
From the tempe office to scottsdale to phoenix they are consistent with their great customer service.
They gave me a great deal on my auto loan and took care of everything for me.
I would recommend them if you're looking for better banking or even an auto loan.
I've been with most of the big banks and i can't say that i regret leaving them at all.
I couldn't get the hell out of dodge quick enough, and transferred my business banking to midfirst.
Only a few months later, my wife transferred over our family accounts as well.
The staff is friendly, it almost feels like my own personal bank the way you get greeted.
The wait time and customer service is horrible!!!!
I get the best service and adam is always available when i need him.
This bank does not accept cash deposits!
What kind of a bank doesn't allow you to deposit a 20 dollar bill!!!
The service was great and the floor space wasn't ghetto at all!
The banker even suggested services for me that i would benefit from.
The atm is "temporarily" out of service at least 3 times a week.
This has probably been the worst bank experience i've ever had.
We went to withdraw money and the machine did not give money out.
Do not get a car loan from this company.
Kari phillips was my loan officer and she was fantastic.
These people have no idea how what customer service means.
Their customer service is top-notch and they get you in and out in a heartbeat.
I've gone a few times on my lunchbreaks from work and have received nothing short of awesome service each time.
Thank you for the great service, bbva compass!
Now there was an over payment in our taxes and they many not refund our money!!!!
It was money we had to bring to closing and now they want to keep it?????????????
Awesome service, extremely nice people!
Wow- just wow- i've never had a customer service rep at a bank literally laugh at a question.
I talked to customer service - they said it was because knightsbridge fx has a lower rate for non-cash (i.e.
Bank to bank) transfers; not for cash-to-cash transfers.
We have to bank with wells fargo as that is where our accounts are for work.
Today i stood in line for 20 mins waiting to deposit money and get change.
They wanted to charge me a service charge for exchanging some traveler's cheques.
On the whole, i came out $15.00 ahead by using my bank.
This us bank location is one of my favorite location of all.
Opened a business checking acct over a month ago and it has only given me issues.
I can't imagine why anyone in boulder city would choose to conduct their banking anywhere else?
He is absolutely rude has no customer service whatsoever !
Absolutely terrible experience at this bank.
This after ditching free checking because congress had to legislate against them concerning debit card charges!
Couple this with the worst customer service rating in the business and you have.....wells fargo!
Bankers were not helpful at all.
Great hours, great services, great location,  24 hour grace period, hassle free checking, no hidden fees.
Worst customer service i've encountered !!!
My hard earned money will now be with a small credit union.
Good service, drive through and in door lines move quickly.
They gave me a better rate than the bank would, also better than the place in the eaton center.
They even had costa rican currency in stock, which a standard bank requires ordering in advance.
I have had the most frustrating time getting my auto loan processed.
Then jazmine said i could not at 530 on the day before i needed to sign for the loan.
On 7/7/2018 i had 7 fraudulent charges on my account.
I opted to just use my charge and will be opening an account at another bank.
They have been  my bank for many years.
Wells fargo has always been awesome with me and my accounts and questions i have.
With 3 bankers sitting at empty desks
We have lost money with them every month due to bad programming, bad billing and straight out misinformation.
They will attempt to take your money for no reason.
They have very high service charge fees for using their checkings accounts.
Don't trust this institution with your money!
Don't bank at wells fargo at all!
Worst bank to bank with.
Came in to close an account and the next day i got an overdraft fee for withdrawing my own money!
Worst customer service ever!
My husband and i will be closing all of our accounts and refinancing our auto loan to a different cu.
We went to apply for a car loan five days ago.
What a fantastic service!
Thank  you for the fantastic service!
Opened a bank account with a rude financial services advisor.
Spoke with a teller who was misinformed about checking account details and gave me false information.
A month or two later, tried to close my account and was denied by the teller and the manager.
They  treated me like a suspicious individual and questioned the transactions on my account, which i had legitimate reasons for.
They said it would cost me $20 to close the account.
I went to another cibc and got that $20 fee wavied and account closed with no hassle.
We used him for our mortgage loan.
We highly recommend rusty for any loan needs he is very honest, hard-worker and most importantly he gets things done.
Dsfcu was one of the worst banking experience i have had in my life.
If i spend money on my debit card the transactions can go thru immediately but deposits...good luck.
Worst bank i have ever had.
Cecil made the loan process a breeze!
The special they have on personal loans at 7.9% can really not be beat.
That is what brought me in after being referred to them for a personal loan.
The customer service couldn't have been better!
7/10 times their bank machines reject my card.
10/10 times i need an appointment to ask questions about my account.
Overall i've just had it with this bank.
Just happy i didn't transfer every account into chase's control.
I thought nobody could be worse than bank of america but i was wrong.
Never missed a payment on car loans.
This bank has gone so far down hill over the years.
At least at the big banks you get more locations and atm and they work!
Paid off a 2nd mortgage with wf that was connected to a pair of checking accounts.
I do my business banking with wf.
Banker told me that doesn't count.
Easiest solution was to close both accounts.
This is the closest bank to me and my work.
Went in to handle a couple of things and was greeted with exceptional customer service .
Banker joe , i believe, was professional and helpful .
I shouldn't wait 2 weeks to get a plastic card just to use my own money.
As usual, terrible service here.
The experience was so bad, i'm literally moving all my accounts from wells fargo to another bank.
Fast and easy, friendly customer service.
Truwest life-hack: the mornings tend to be slower traffic in the bank.
I'd recommend this bank to any family and friend.
I used to love this bank until the whole chip in the card thing.
I cant ever pull out any money because the machines wont take my card.
I have to drive way over there just to get money out!
I am seriously wanting to switch to another bank!
Your bank is just such a hasstle to deal with.
It's almost always better to go with a credit union over a bank, and truwest is why.
Online banking website is archaic.
I've always recieved amazing customer service from chase, but this location topped the cake!!
The real bonus was my banker, thuyvy, she was amazing!
Thanks ladies for the stellar customer service!
The company, loan officer (roger), loan assistant and loan processor (melisa) were a joke.
There was no communication from the loan officer.
It was almost impossible to get a response from the loan officer.
The loan processor would also mess up and send me other borrower's documentation.
The loan officer's excuse was "sorry, i was too busy."
Outstanding, amazing always excellent customer service!
A safety deposit box is a third the price that it is at a bank.
I will be closing my account and taking my business elsewhere.
My favourite banking branch of all time.
Service is also very prompt whether you're making a transaction, opening up an account, etc.
Good service and knowledgeable staff if you need to see one of the bank representatives in the offices there.
Very difficult to reach a customer service rep on bb&t banking's 888 number.
I brought in an american made g & l comanche electric guitar to get a loan on.
They wouldn't give me a loan of $500 on it!
They also provide amazing services and benefits.
I am so glad i opened an account with them!!
He was able to get me several options for a home loan.
Came here to pull out some money and asked where the restroom was located.
Be aware and take careful consideration when banking here.
They talked us into a car loan with them and since then have been no help
I don't even bank with wells and i'm considering it now.
Came in to cash my check but was turned away due to activity going on in my works account.
I called my boss and she told me to call an authorized chase bank representative who was handling this situation.
Don't ever use this business if you value your money .
Twice they debited funds to a loan that didn't exist and then the tellers tries to blame it on me.
They told me if i paid my loan off in cash the title would be released to me....no it wasn't.
Terrible customer service and unethical business practices !
However this particular branch is completely incompetent when it comes to customer service.
Ive been banking wroth wells for so long and this branch had me thinking about switching all together.
I wouldn't recommend banking at this location unless you want to take the most difficult road to achieving your goals.
She's 90 years old and came into the branch because someone was trying to steal her money.
I will continue to contact the upper management of chase or i will pull her money from chase.
I am so happy with the service we have from this office!
I can't express my gratitude  enough for the great service recieved!
This is the most unprofessional bank that i've ever had the displeasure to deal with.
We had to file a claim against them with bank of america in order get our money back.
This location has best best customer service!!
Also there's options so can work with you i do recommend this location if you looking for title loan,
Fees are fair and he's all about saving his clients money.
Give you all the wrong information about there services and credit cards just to get you to sign up!
Someone should be held accountable!
If you want to wait forever in line, this would be your bank!
And learn how to expedite their services.
It takes so long to make a transaction/deposit money because the system is so slow!
Went in this morning to open an account with their 50/50 promo and katie was great!
Maybe they have an interest having customers serviced by another company.
Hello bank of america
Guess they didn't want our money.
It will probably be a 5% loan or something crazy.
The best bank was abn-amro.
Unfortunately, abn-amro was bought up by some crappy bank.
I went through wells fargo originally to get my home loan.
As a new customer to compass, i've been nothing but pleased with their services and their staff at this location.
Since opening the account, i've visited this location on several occasion and always greeted with a friendly smile.
So far, this former wells fargo banker is quite pleased with compass!
Loyal customer and haven't had any problems with this bank
I opened my account about a year & a half ago.
When i was back on track, cristal r-soltero helped get another account up and going.
She had the best customer service i've experienced in a long time.
Love this bank and this location, which says a lot because i despise the big banking system in general.
I highly recommend the bank and location.
I really miss the us bank over by my old place of residence.
It was small, but nice and new inside, with friendly bank tellers who actually remembered who i was.
Now that this us bank is closer than that other one, i come here more often.
I had already deposited my money, but we both just got wrapped up in conversation!
It creeps me out at night when i have to stop here and take out money.
Checking rates recently was able to save a lot.
No customer service to make a local agent worth it.
It's a bank, i'm never going to get ecstatic over one, but i apparently can get livid.
Easy to work with bank tellers.
Been banking with bank of america for my entire life.
We do all of our banking with boa.
My usual branch waives it without me ever asking because they provide good customer service.
I will stop banking with bank of america if i run into such terrible customer service at a branch again.
It has been a nightmare this past week to use my money.
Because of that great customer service i went ahead and signed up for a credit card!
I have literally spent hours during several visits to try and complete very simple tasks concerning my dad's account.
Ok, i came for my auto loan here with debbie.
I think robots run this banking system.
(not the specific branches, but the bank as a whole...).
Then i deposited a check at the branch and the next week cancelled that bank account (this was my fault...
"loss prevention" said that i could not get my money out of my account for 2 weeks.
I asked if i could get access to the $20k in my account and she said "nope.
(keep in mind i never overdrew my account).
What can i say about this bank?
But, i have never had any problems with this bank...
This results in me driving around and actually thinking, did they move the bank?
The loans process is much easier here fa anywhere i've ever dealt with.
I joined truliant years ago primarily to obtain an car loan.
This branch of us bank is amazing.
That is customer service to its finest.
Awesome place to bank at.
Worst experience at a bank i've had.
Got it, this is why i bank elsewhere!
I have been coming to this bank for over 6 years and never experienced a problem and not helped.
Customer service is great and i don't have to stress when i come here.
I came up to the drive thru after work to make a deposit to my moms account.
I can't deposit cash into a family members account..
They claim its to prevent money laundering.. how "f"ing stupid!!!!
But they are fine with depositing a money order...
So paying a dollar or two for a money order makes it legit.
Meridian may not be an underdog in the true sense but in the banking world they certainly are.
Great friendly customer service provided even to someone who isn't a meridian customer.
This wells fargo location at decatur has provided great customer service to me and my family.
I was dumped after many years of satisfactory personal and commercial banking.
They took the position that they would rather have me move a large investment account than isolate my personal exposure.
What happened to the service industry?!
It doesn't matter what business your in, you greet a client with a smile and great customer service.
Walk into this bank and the tellers stand there with the bold impression that they are better than you!
Other huntington bank branches vary widely in this respect.
We originally contacted a different agent to transfer our accounts and didn't appreciate the lack of excitement for our business.
My review: slow service.
Will definitely return for any banking needs.
Wells fargo is truly an evil bank!
They bought wachovia that was a great bank and ruined it.
They have the worst customer service!
Dawn and everyone in her office provide great service.
Our accounts and claims were always handled quickly and professionally.
This bank is a joke, after banking there for 7 yrs, i think is time to get a new bank!
The company will tell you this appraiser was sent by the bank yet the bank rejected their own appraiser?
You will loss money over the appraiser which i suspect , is their side business.
This place is the best bank i have ever been to in my entire life.
The people that work here are so friendly and helpful- i almost forgot i was at a bank.
I have talked everybody i know into switching to this bank and they love it too!
I've been a member for 25+ years....and prided them on their service rather than greed.
So sick of how ugly this bank has gotten with its customers!!!
I'm done with bank of america and all banks that share their ugly practices!!
This bank has okay service.
Not one of my favorite locations but if you need to grocery shop and do banking this is convenient.
I wanted to open an account.
The banker who "helped" was horrible.
I won't ever visit this branch or deal with that horrid customer "service" again.
Excellent customer service, immediate assistance as soon as i have walked in every time.
Offer free notary to anyone even if you don't have an account with wells fargo- awesome!
Handle name changes, account openings and notarizations so quickly!
Walked in to open a business checking account.
I had a $75,000 check to deposit and start he account.
I was very pleased with the service i received.
I have generally been pretty happy with us bank and was very satisfied with the extra time and attention.
A great credit union with good rates on loans.
They need to invest some money into making a better site for their customers.
This bank has the worse drive through service!!!
My family and i have been with this bank and visited this branch for a decade now.
I would not trust another bank.
I had a terrible experience with td merchant services.
We called td merchant services and asked for our account to be cancelled.
Since this date, our bank account has continued to be charged without our authorization.
Worst bank ever horrible costumers service.maybe this review helps them for little bit changes
Poor customer service skills on some of the people there.
This was my bank and it always depended on the time of day you went!
They get an a ++ in customer service.
So off i run to chase to deposit $100 cash in his account.
Seriously chase your a bank & won't take cash in hand???
So disappointed by the branch manager, beau at the bank.
He didnt think the issuing bank, national bank of az would cash it.
I deposited the check july 3, it cleared national bank of az on july 5.
I just left the bank.
I am now thinking of closing my accounts.
I opened 3 bank accounts here a few years ago.
By far and away the worst customer service of any bank i've ever been in.
This is the most unprofessional bank that i've ever had the displeasure to deal with.
We had to file a claim against them with bank of america in order get our money back.
Most recently, they misapplied a vehicle payment and put it into a savings account.
Well, let me tell you, i have been banking with bofa since 1993.
Good service and did not wait long at all, tellers were friendly each time i visited.
Wells fargo, tempe, has the worst customer service i have ever experienced.
If you're counting money, doing something - fine, but at least tell me that your peer will be right w/me.
I'm not a fan of banks.
I started out by opening a checking account with them.
I was even able to transfer the money from my credit union account to fund it.
Once the checking account was processed and open, i applied online for a credit card.
Great customer service both times!
I still have my credit union account, but i'm a happy new bank customer!
I missed that when i closed down my other checking account with a major bank 7 years ago.
This credit union has great rates and customer service.
I plan to invest more and perhaps move my checking account here.
It should just be bank of "this state" and that be the end of it.
If you have to deal with this bank.. go to this one.
While they can be understaffed at time they do provide good customer service and are very helpful.
I've never had an issue banking here
This is the best bank i have worked with.
However, if you want to open an account, they have a special person.
Me "want to open a gbp savings account" hsbc "do you know the features of the account?"
Hsbc then proceeded to detail the features not available on this account.......going on, and on..........until we moved onto another topic.
Hsbc "we need to know why you are opening an account" me "expect some money from the uk.
Hsbc "need to know where the money is from, if it is a large amount.
Funny part is, i had to go to td afterwards to open another type of account.
I go to this bank as a merchant and every single person that works here is amazing!!!
After everything was discussed she handed me her card, said to call her with any banking related questions.
So technically, i have like my own personal banker, i feel so grown and special!
I'm a small business owner and i use huntington for both my personal account as well as my business account.
I got the money within 6 weeks of signing up, it was awesome.
The bank itself is open later (i think til 7pm more nights) and it's open 7 days a week!
Every time i come in the customer service is excellent.
Whenever i have questions, i don't dread calling customer service for huntington.
So far, it's been an absoluttely great experience for both my small business account and my personal..
This branch also still has drive up teller service with the vacuum tubes.
I guess old banking practices and habits are hard to kill when it comes to dealing with personal finance.
As such, you have to expect to wait for services.
Besides the long lines and wait times, the service is top notch and delivered with care.
Service is slow and neutral service.
Came here to settle an estate account for my father in law who passed.
The tempe bank put a hold on my deposit and told me some bs excuse for why.
I appreciate your assistance and will continue to do business with this branch secondary to there exceptional customer service !
We've had savings accounts, car loans, etc.
My daughter just opened her first bank account.
We have an account here with the pto from my kids school i've been on as well.
Ugh chase banks has the worst customer service imaginable!!!!!
I gave them a cashier's check, not a personal check, to pay off the car loan.
A cashier's check from a very large well known bank?
Not to mention their poor customer service by refusing to lift a finger to rectify their mistake.
8 have 1 checking account & 2 savings account.
I applied for a loan twice & they denied me.
So i'm looking for another credit union that has better customer service.
This is quite possibly the worst branch of this bank in the entire city.
Www banking has been perfect for me for a decade.
I've been an account holder with bank of america since 1996.
Closed all the banks around me.
Have to go over 10 miles out of my way to bank at national bank of arizona.
Will be saying good-bye to a once great bank.
Now owned by zion bank.
There are people standing all over this place and no bankers here to assist anybody.
Il take my business banking somewhere else!
But things in vegas change and this place has changed.they seem to be more like a bank than a cu.
I have gotten many loans over the years from this place and paid back earlier than due.
I stated that i didn't appreciate the reference to  a payday loan company.
She denied that and reworded what she said about the payday loan reference.
I got the loan but will never sign it.
Thank you for all the great customer service!
So i left that day and drove to the nearest truliant and opened an account.
Since that time i've also taken a loan with truliant to pay for my school.
I find it's very difficult to navigate so making my loan payments has been rocky at best.
Is this how you make your money ripping people off with nsf fees that you created by holding the check.
There are several compass bank around, but this branch is awesome.
The service is consistantly good.
Chase is too big and don't care about you but how much you have in your account.
I've been here a handful of times now for my banking transactions.
But nevertheless, i'll continue to banking here if i am in the area.
I've been banking at truwest and still early 1990s and they've always treated me great.
Worst customer service i've ever had at any bank.
It's called customer service.
They have the usual options of accounts and they send out regular tips on how to manage your money.
They also have a decent online bill pay service and other online tools!
Credit unions don't charge the fees that banks charge because they are non-profit and here to serve you.
It is a full service location with 3 drive thrus, 1 drive up atm and an inside atm.
If you're looking for a change from banks or another credit union, check out truliant!
Worst customer service ever.
Do not bank with them.
I use to be a customer for over 16 years and finally closed my account.
A really terrible and i highly recommend not to start an account here
Want the worst customer service possible?
Well come to this bank.
I tried to get a home loan refi with dsfcu.
What a complete waste of time and money.
The bottom line is dsfcu was completely unfair, and i wasted time and money throughout this process.
Please don't make the mistake i made and waste your time and money with desert schools federal credit union!
Friendly service and a good movie selection.
Good rates and good service.
I am so tired of this bank.
All i want is to have my money available when i'm told it should be.
They are horrible and already have a rating of 1 for customer service.
They just helped me secure a vehicle loan for a client and it went as smooth as can be..
Thanks paula clark for that excellent level of service.
This is how i like a neighborhood bank to be.
Definitely beats bank of america.
Thanks for the great service.
Don't bank with them!
We are closing our account immediately!
This bank branch is right off of busy blue diamond, the speed is 55mph.
I am very pleased with the service i received at this branch.
Went in with my husband for a pre-approved house loan.
Go to another bank or someone else that can provide you with another loan.
This chase bank is outstanding!
Their customer service is always very pleasant.
I think this may be the best banking location i have ever 'banked' with!
I'm not a big fan of banks.
It's sad when a machine is faster, nicer and more efficient than the bank tellers inside.
I will never bank here!
Closing my account as of noe
The loan process was super easy, and everyone was very friendly.
Definitely will come back for other banking needs!
Thank you josh for your stellar customer service, and the laughs.
I am very pleased with the service and quality of the work performed.
Extremely slow service and understaffed a busy times of the day.
I've banked with them for years.
I wanted to thank leigh for her excellent customer service.
I would recommend ibew and all the services they offer.
Leigh qualified me to refinance my auto loan saving me thousands!!!!
Slow service 7 days a week.
I belonged to the clark county credit union for a decade and switched banks after getting married.
Coming to bank of america was one of the worst decisions of my life.
I had to wait an hour for an appointment to fix a mistake this bank made.
For three years in a row, this inept bank changed my name on my account!!!!!
Needless to say, i'm leaving this horrible excuse for a bank and going back to the clark county credit union.
Thanks for 3 years of headaches bank of america.
Anmar's service is fast and courteous.
A teller that walked away mid account close to wait on a drive up customer ...
Wells fargo- worst bank around.
Once a month we have fraudulent transactions on our account.
Their security sucks  choose another bank
Just had the worst customer service with b of a holes again.
Can't wait to have enough time off to move all my accounts from b of turd to here
The service is very hot and cold.
Rico arellano - title loan general manager is one rude asshole.
We wasted over an hour here trying to open a business checking account.
The only reason that compass bank (bbva) got two stars is because of romeo zavala, the branch manager.
Go see her for your banking needs and you'll absolutely be satisfied!
Now i can use this extra monthly savings to help pay down other debts.
She help my nephew and i open up his first bank account.
Because of her genuine service i will only be visiting this branch.
Great customer service and very modern technology.
He said it was the first time doing the type of loan i was doing.
Spencer, the loan office he liked quite anyways.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
I have savings and an auto loan here.
I may switch all accounts to omega.
Stay away from us bank.
I closed my account in march via this branch after making sure my account was balanced.
They took my debit card but never closed the account.
Just got a letter stating they closed my account and i now owe them money.
I am going to close my accounts and switch banks.... my discretion!
They by far have the worst customer service and more fees than all of the big banks.
I switched in error to divest from big banks.
It took 3 hours to open the accounts several weeks to get my cards.
Their systems are antiquated and the fees are more than double the big bank i just left.
They rely solely  on an outdated system that messes up customer accounts then passes on the fees to the customer!!!
Do not bank here
This is my primary bank, since it's so close to my house and convenient.
I've always had decent service here.
Arrive at least 15 minutes before closing time to exchange money.
If you like the money you have in a checking account here, you won't be able to keep it.
Then the bank decided i didn't exist and stopped mailing the statement.
Quite a change from the free account with the free checks.
Great example to what customer service should be all about.
Bank never has a merchant teller!
There are never enough bank tellers, lines are long and management is rude
I opened my business accounts with this branch 2 (3?)
Quick and customer-service friendly.
This is my favorite bank to go to.
I've never had an issue with any of the bankers or tellers.
Come in and get a checking or savings account, or take out a personal loan.
If you do not have funds in your account to cover something they still payout and keep charging you.
I've done a lot of banking here.
Honestly, if you're banking somewhere else, you're probably also high on crack.
Do your banking here.
Having to wait 30 min for service is ridiculous
I have been banking with boa for a long time.
I had to come to this bank center to get money out.
I do belgrave thus bank is above average.
My checking account and savings account are through them.
They're doing all right for me, as far as big, corporatized banks go.
It's pretty nice of them and it's a nice change from hearing about how bad banks are.
At least the employees at the banks can make you feel happy about coming somewhere to put your monies!
I've always had exceptional service at tfcu.
I also bought a vehicle in march 2018,  using cuabs, their credit union auto buying service.
The customer service has been top-notch!!!
My mother never missed a auto loan payment.
The second time my boyfriend and i went to authorize myself on an account.
I was trying to put cash into my dads account and they wouldnt let me.
I'll never bank with them.
I sat down with francisco ramirez to go over details of my account.
It's a pawn store so i'm ranking this place by selection, price, service, and flexibility.
Service is lacking but generally good for what it is: a pawn store.
Then the banker tried to send us away.
They have different policies because they are in a 'different district' (ghetto) then other wells fargo banks in vegas.
I have been banking with wells fargo for 14 years.
I wish i could give this bank no stars.
I am going to now pay their stupid fee and close my account.
Inside you have your typical bank - tellers and personal bankers.
I am so sick of coming here and seeing "out of service" screens on their atms.
Last night both the drive-thru atm and walk-up atm were out of service.
What kind of banking society is this coming from?!?!
I should just deal with off shore accounts!!!
I'll probably get bette faster service!!
I was at this location to close out my wells fargo account.
I'm closing my account first this tomorrow.
It's not a every day convenient bank.
The initial loan process started june 18, 2016 and today is september 13th.
Still no loan approval, loan still not funded.
If your loan is important to you stay away from scott griffin and bank of america.
But overall service was excellent.
Also, bank of arizona has atm's in every qt gas station!
I am absolutely appalled at the level of customer service at this bank.
This bank suck a big giant d !!!!!!!!!!
Long lines all the time, slow service and they never answer the damn phone!
Im closing my account and going to wells fargo.
F this bank ever branch you visit sucks.............!!!!!!!!!
Henrietta is an awesome personal banker at america first.
She set up my account with a debit card, checking, savings and a temporary card in under a half hour.
She exemplifies customer service and professionalism.
The people at huntington bank go out of their way to help.
First class service, the best pricing(who doesn't like unlimited processing for only $39.99) and i love my clover device.
Just cashed check from this bank, made out from this bank and they charged me a fee of $6.00.
Thank you national bank of arizona.
Remind me to bank at wells fargo from now on.
These other people must be banking somewhere else.
This agency is all about service!
Very pleased with the services we receive from bmo harris bank.
We love our primary banker and the entire team is proactively helpful in a variety of ways.
Their international services are particularly helpful for my business and most of the companies i work with.
Never using bank of america again.
Also, bankers who are unable to answer basic questions.
His office provides fast, prompt, accurate, and friendly customer service.
Our senior loan officer was fiona grant.
I would definitely use fiona and southern fidelity again and would highly recommend their services.
I don't mind waiting but 3hrs to open a account is crazy peeps.
Didn't know you need to schedule banking transactions.
This rep knows customer service!
I just might transition my other accounts.
Many of their  bankers are highly knowledgeable, but this was not the case with my visit.
He quickly shuffled me off to a second banker.
I always use this drive thru for my banking and never have any problems.
Quick service and friendly staff
The bank manager, eslam, was extremely helpful with some docs i had to have notarized.
They try to tax and rape their account holders in every way they can!
Hope others realize these new fees and start banking elsewhere
Clearly they need to hire more bank tellers and train them on customer service skills.
We have accounts at different banks and chase is by far, the worst and absolutely slowest bank that we use.
I know, i worked at a bank!
I'm so ready to just close this account out.
Out of the all bank of americas this one stands out!
Still not a big fan of all the banking fees they hit me with, but the staffs great.
Chase band & this particular branch has the worst customer service !!
This is one of the most inconvenient entrances i've seen of almost any bank.
They are as half assed as they come when dealing with banks.
Rbc is as piss poor as they come when dealing with money.
I will never return and all accounts will be closed horrible treatment!
And close to chase and wells fargo bank.
Get all bills and banking done at once.
Able to answer questions about loans.
While the people at the bank are very nice, everything else about this place is terrible.
I am not even sure why i still bank there.
Today is payday and my account says there are funds, however my card is being declined for insufficient funds.
If my money is in there, i shouldn't have to wait until a specified time to use it.
It was my money the minute the clock hit 12am.
So again, while the people are lovely, bdcu is a sorry excuse for a bank.
Ive deposited a lot of checks in a lot of different banks and never had that happen.
I'm pulling out my money asap!
I love bank of america.
My daughter and i have banked with other banks and have had multiple problems.
Since we have been with boa (2 yrs) we are extremely happy with our banking services.
But clearly the banker leaving right at 2 is more important than customer service.
They keep horrible hours and their drive thru and atm machine aren't in service half the time!
Lori is all about customer service, management seems nice.
I'm definitely looking to switch banks.
Like this bank location.
I can get my grocery shopping and bank needs done.
I've only dealt with them once and it was when i opened a savings account for my daughter.
Really nice and smooth transaction for car loans!
I worked in a bank before with women managers who had big power trips/egos so they are naturally snotty.
The customer service and care is lacking.
This chase has the best customer service!
She also helped me with banking and investment accounts.
Worst service ever never banking with this place.
Came to open a new account and clarify time sensitive dates.
Call center had phenomenal service.
I had a check of $750.00 from my renter returned because of a stop payment.no big deal,right?not at this bank!
They debited the 750 twice throwing my account into a negative balance.i could not use my debit card,called the help??
A lot of experience with banks in many cities, east to west coast.)
You don't get that at chase and you most certainly do not get that at bank of america.
I realize it's a bank, but it's simply a nice place to visit.
I found that wells fargo bank seemed to be best for me and my needs.
It seems as if now a days banks are in love with charging their customers fees, fees, fees!
With the account that i had opened, there are no monthly maintenance fees.
The overall service was just okay.
The offset to this of course was that there were no loan costs whatsoever.
Save ur money :) the staff at boa are always happy to see you!
This was absolutely the worst customer service experience!
This is just one of many recent issues that i have noticed with this bank.
I am hearing very good things regarding midfirst bank and will take my business to them.
Recently joined this bank chain at the sahara-decatur location.
There's a considerable wait, especially to work with a banker.
Actually i have no words to express how rusty helped me for the home loan process!
I called so many different banks and mortgage broker for loan.
I almost give up keep finding for loan until i found rusty on yelp.
I wouldn't say huntington bank is a bad bank.
But the huntington in banking on 11417 mayfield rd, cleveland, oh 44106.
The bank clerks don't even want to help you.
They always miss count your money.
I deposit money every day.
They always miss count my money.
They don't want to use the money machine to count the money.
They want to hand count the money instead.
Because they're too lazy to get up off the chair to use the money machine.
Never go there and if you do go make sure you double count your money because they will rob you.
I normally love the staff & the bank.
Friendly staff, always a pleasure to go here and do my banking.
Personal bankers are always available.
Tried out wells fargo for our business banking and it was a horrible experience.
If you do any business banking this place will nickle-&-dime you to death.
We moved our banking back to bank of america.
I left the big banks and my only regret is that i didn't do it sooner.
I receive personal attention that i never got from the big banks.
We are refinancing (i prefer to call it "firing' bank of america.)
Kim, loan consultant, has made the process simple and seamless.
Banking at the boulder dam credit union truly is a "wonderful life!"
I'm going to see deanna jordan at comerica bank as soon as we straighten out this mess.
Once again only 1 banker who "may not be able to help you before we close".
This is for all chase banks...not just this one.
And it is not regarding the great service, five star, i would normally give for how great they have been.
I've checked in enough times, i really should write a review for this bank.
I moved to arizona about a year and a half ago and decided to give this bank a shot.
However, i was urged to move over to chase because of better services.
The personal bankers name was brianna vasquez and at first, she was nice and professional.
I dont know if shes just a rude person or does not know what customer service means.
They refused to give us a copy of our vehicle loan papers.
I just finished signing loan documents this morning with leilani.
This is s great representation of a bank that has little care for the customer experience.
I tried out this bank thinking i would move from the big four.
I was unable to reach phone customer service after holding for a hour.
I was unable to access my savings account at the arm.
No personal bankers at this location when i was there to close my accounts.
They didn't even ask me why i was closing my accounts.
Terrible bank, subpar company.
Still, staff is friendly and they are knowledgeable in the products and service that they provide.
This is my normal branch that i bank at - as closest to my house.
I truly appreciate banking somewhere where the staff doesn't treat you like a number
Slow, understaffed and lacking any level of customer service.
I have been banking here since i moved and they are always so friendly and helpful.
Friendly and helpful staff and great service.
I would recommend them over any of the big banking institutions!
If you are looking to get a business account beware!
Do not open a business account here!!!!
When opening my account 2 employees told me they would get me business checks free for signing up with them.
I completely understand the one star rating with this terrible bank.
Walked into this branch today and got terrible service from the 2 grumpy old ladies who were rude and unpleasant.
The most incompetent bank i have known.
I am closing both, saving and checking accounts.
I went to this bank location today to get a check reissued and the staff was very friendly and effective.
I definitely recommend this branch to anyone who banks with wells fargo.
I highly recommend this money exchange  service location in downtown toronto to any tourist.
I was really satisfied with their service since all the sings were posted clearly and easy to read.
They are great with helping find that right merchant service solution and are affordable.
I requested to speak with a supervisor about this circus of an experience - i had accounts here for years!
Fantastic customer service at the windows.
Anyone knows the contact info for the president or the ceo of rbc bank in the u.s.?
That's not the first time i'm shocked about their level of service.
I have banked with them for over a year and they are great.
I like the checking account they offer and they have good rates on loans.
How can you not give this bank a 5-star?
It opens on sunday, most banks don't.
It extend their business hours mondays thru fridays, most banks don't.
I wasn't up for the bank due to being incredibly sleep deprived, but everyone was so friendly.
Been banking here for years.
I really love this bank.
I trust them with my money and financing.
When i call to get some answers, the customer service reps are completely unaware of situations.
My last terrible experience with them, i had fraud on my account.
I called in to cancel my account and the service rep fought me on claiming fraud for my card!!!
If you need to do any business with the bank of america, i would recommend this branch.
I also told her that i would feel safer stuffing my hard earned money in my mattress.
Compass, you get one star based on your employees, not banking practices.
I thought drive through banking was supposed to be more expedient.
Nothing spectacular, but are you expecting spectacular from a bank?
When i have gone  inside, lines were short and service was good.
Horrible customer service and i will not be returning.
I am strongly considering closing my 4 us bank accounts.
No bankers in the office to manage accounts.
Extremely knowledgeable, great customer service, super friendly.
As we entered the bank we could not help but notice the line led all the way to the door.
Take my advice and avoid this bank.
Can't believe wells fargo made a mistake like this: the teller deposit my money to someone else account!
I have all my accounts here and i always have fast and efficient results with them.
She helped me refinance my cars and saved me  a ton of money.
He was helpful and honest about the loan process.
Amazing location where the staff treats you like an old friend just for being a member of their bank.
Will lewis went above and beyond to provide top notch service.
Sorry we went here for our loan.
I opened 3 bank accounts here a few years ago.
It takes 4 days afer resolving the issue for the money to be deposited back into your account.
They charged me $180 to loan me about $300 for 3 days.
I felt like i was back at chase or bank of america.
I am searching for another bank that shuns this practice, please let me know if you know of any!
I would like to thank ms. marika jacyla for excellent service.
You're going to charge me $2 just for the privilege of accessing my own checking account?
And other big banks soon followed suit saying they'd also look at charging debit usage fees for their customers.
On the whole, the credit unions are structured very similarly to the banks except in terms of scale.
My biggest concern with joining a credit union was about access to my accounts.
In terms of the banking experience itself, i've had nothing but positive experiences with desert schools branches.
I have banked with this bank through at least three owners now and bmo is the latest.
I turned around nobody inside or near door and another banker is on phone.
I  just didn't end up rolling them instead closed my account.
There is always only 1 banker at all times waited 25  minutes to open an account i finally just left!!!
Their customer service is top notch and their friendly staff always makes me feel welcome.
Metro branch answered their phone on the first call and provided helpful and professional customer service.
Don't bother calling customer service to complain, they keep you on hold for hours.
I took car loan with truilant on december 2012 by providing all documents and insurance details.
Very poor customer service!
The lady at the bank teller drive thru, was so rude!!
Wish they would change that so i won't have to take my money elsewhere.
Something needs to be done or customer service will surely suffer and that would be a shame.
For both personal and business banking, this is a great and fast branch.
But, it's a busy bank and they have to live with the property design.
Worst service ever the staff is so rude.
First us bank that i have been to that doesn't have a change counter.
My god what has happened to customer service.
Wow he helped me get new bank cards.
Avoid this bank if you can, unless you want to wait at least 30 mins every time you come in.
What a beautiful old bank with a beautiful old building on top of it.
Not a lot of people actually bank here but the building itself is definitely worthy of the star rating.
I have a premium investment account with chase and i f***ing love it.
This place is extremely inconvenient to keep your money in.
I have an account there, and it's always bothersome trying to go there.
Stopped in for a business banker without an appointment.
Great first impression of customer service!
In the future when i go to this bank i am always going to ask for him.
I've been using bank of arizona for over 1.5 years now for my small business.
I think i opened my account with $50 and have never been charged a fee.
The manager can't assist nor anyone else in the bank.
Hello bank of america it's called customer service:(
High school checking accounts here for my kids.
I'm disgusted and will start looking for a new bank soon.
Additionally, they keep charging me the checking service charge although that was supposed to be waived.
And they never sent checks for the account i opened six weeks ago despite phone calls and promises.
What is up with this bank?
We were very happy with the customer service that he provided.
The next day we went into the bank and met with oscar garcia personal banker.
I only wish all banks had employees that our passionate about excellent customer service.
Keep up the great service!
If you don't trust the banks like me this is the place to go!
The customer service here needs a lot of improvement, as does the speed of their service.
Walking into their office is always a pleasant experience for us and their customer service exceeds expectations every time.
Us bank will give you fake $100 bills and then not replace it after making you wait for 15 days.
This bank is full of crooks!
I have nothing but back to back bad experiences with this bank!!
The worst customer service.
The bank has not even sent me bills to my home.
Customer service on the phone is terrible.
The tellers at this bank are not only slower than molasses but they can't even count money!
How does someone work at a bank and not be able to count money???
I would not use this bank if it were the only one in the whole city.
He talked me into opening a savings and checking account with citizens bank.
I already have a checking and savings account with s&t bank but he talked me into two accounts.
Well it was setup where it would take i 20$ out of my checking into my savings.
Well i never got a chance to put money into my checking so i kept getting fees.
So i stopped back and told them i wanted to stop the money automatic coming out of my checking.
It happens again, so i stop up again and just ask to close my savings account and keep the checking.
I paid my balance, they closed all my accounts, and i will never come back to citizens bank.
We will recommend your services to all our friends and family.
Once the banker saw my savings account, he immediately asked what i was saving for...which is none of his business.
He assured me that he would reverse the charges, and that it would be in my account automatically.
Horrible customer service .
Went here to open a business account, wanted me to wait 4 hrs.
That's poor customer service.
Worst customer service experience i've ever had!
Sunwest has been my bank of choice for the last 15 years!
I also like that you have several different options when it comes to managing your accounts.
One bad customer service experience can undo years of loyalty.
Might as well deal with a bank.
I will continue to use their service for a long time.
Most banks are out of safety deposit boxes but who cares i found what i was looking for!
When i arrived to pick up the money it had not arrived.
I tried to get my own bank to match their offer first and they couldn't touch it.
My mortgage payment changed only slightly and i went from a 30 to a 20 year loan.
Meridian's customer service is not only non-existent, it's bossy.
I have never experienced such unprofessionalism and non-existent customer service in my life.
For this reason and a few others, i will be closing my account this afternoon.
I rather deal with a viral bank (usaa) than feel like an inconvenience.
Save yourself a headache and don't bank with these people.
My wife and i have our personal accounts here, and i have my business account with midfirst as well.
Don't tell me about saving trees and money.
Is nsb planting a tree for every account that goes paperless?
The only one saving money is nsb and making more money in the process by charging for this.
The savings should be ours but it is not.
Time to move on or shall i say over to another bank.
And yes, for the record, there are other banks in las vegas that do not charge a paper statement fee.
I'm from out of state and i often use this branch as it part of the shared branch credit service.
I've always had great customer service and easy withdrawal and processing of bank needs.
Apparently they can only use that information when they want to sell me more services.
The service is great.
Went to this pawn shop to pawn loan some of my stuff to pay for rent.
What i didn't realize was that they are going to charge me $142 on a $250 loan.
It's hard for any bank to get 5 star in my book, but i was pretty impressed with rbc bank.
First of all - free checking - how many banks still do that?!?!
That was what lured me to rbc bank.
So i closed it and went in search of a free checking account.
Like most things i do, i opened an account online.
She invited me to come in to get my online banking set up.
I normally would be wary of such a call because i generally like to interact with bank's websites.
If it wasn't for the minorly irritating online account opening process, this bank would have earned 5 stars from me.
And i can't think of the last time i would have felt that way about any other bank.
There are inactivity fees on the checking account, they offer great rates, but read and understand the fine-print.
Watch you account like a hawk.
I was shocked but the 50$ in my savings account were gone!
Monies lost to inactivity fees with the checking account.
My rating is one star only because i got pushed into a checking account without being told about inactivity fees.
A great alternative to the big banks and all those fees.
Very good bank... no fees for most services!
Bofa you suck and your customer service is failing your consumers something awful.
This is the worst bank branch i've ever been in.
This bank has it's act together.
If wells fargo is not your bank it should be.
All they want to do is make loans and refer people to merrill lynch.
I really was frustrated from the delay that i got for the money wiring, it took like a month.
I honestly did not get any refund of the wiring, but requested the money to be back.
This bank does not except cash money for deposits!
I have never heard of such a thing...a bank that doent take money!
I told him i would go make a cash deposit into his checking account.
I told the teller that i wanted to deposit $60 dollars into my sons account.
And she tells me we can't take the deposit due to money laundering issues and it's a new policy.
This is just a poor customer service scam to get everyone to join this bank!!
My son has now cancelled his account with chase and will never return.
I understand that money laundering is an issue, but they need to adjust this policy.
At this point, the teller finally acknowledged me and deposited my money in less than a minute.
When i needed accurate answers and prompt service, mark and his staff was perfect.
I'm surprised that she would think bofa customer service would be better than chase.
You would do that at the open window bank?
2) the three rules of banking never applied: convenience, cost, and care.
My old bank, although with tons of branches spread out everywhere, was never convenient.
The costs associated with the accounts were exorbitant and they raised my credit card interest rate to 38% "just because".
And nobody new my name after years of banking at the same branch.
Big plus for us bank: current and former united states military service members receive "platinum checking" at no charge.
A bank open on sunday!
There are other company who are helpful and deliver personalized service.
Been with this bank since 2008.
Debit card hacked (4 times) the bank sends me an alert, cancels the card but that's not my problem.
So the items were fraud and citizens made me wait 10 business days to give me back my money.
Another bank looks really good right now.
Started banking here about 3 years ago after having numerous experiences with the big banks.
Horrible service with the online banking.
Not only is the service excellent; but the attitude and the smiles are genuine.
Fyi- if you want to open a check or savings account it's by appointment only!
Opened a savings account for my daughter on friday.
Personal bank assistant was claudia.
Additional info: they offer a high school checking accounts with many options.
My daughter walked out with a planner & money in the bank to start her future!
Service sucks and they leave ads up after the item is sold to get more calls
Service has always been pleasant and polite, as you'd expect from any other td branch.
I have never waited more than 5 minutes to speak to a banker.
Call 'em a big impersonal corporate bank if you like, but this branch has it right.
Rip off- i am begging you = do not get a loan from any title loan company.
They tell you they won't take a check or credit card, just cash certified checks or money orders.
I love their checking accounts with free atm use for any atm in the country.
Saved me from spending a ton o money on a fake rolex.
I talked to a regional vp-type of customer service relations a few days ago and she can't help me.
Unfortunately, i'm severing a long relationship with the bmo bank.
That's four accounts and many years of trust.
The female manager in charge could have handle better, very disappointed in the service provided.
Good customer service and solid credit union.
Personal banker bettyanne is awesome, she always follows up and is very easy going.
Amazing customer service and response time .
Called at 435 to see if i could open an account.
If they're this careless with their customers imagine how careless they probably are with your money.
Worst customer service ever!!!
So bad i closed my accounts.
I think they need to go through extensive customer service training.
Just walked out of the bank due the the weirdo in the corner staring at me and clearly jacking off.
I have been using this bank over 15 years now.
Best customer service ever, i would recommend this bank over any other, because it is member owned.
Great customer service, always helpful, security protection 100%.
Needed to open up a new account.
3/14/18 an old rude chick actually lost my money...
Deposited it into an account that didn't exist!
She should not be handling money.
Their service is excellent and prompt.
Where is personable service?
Overall, a solid visit to the bank.
First off, i want to compliment beau for his exceptional customer service.
(52nd and roosevelt) but what impressed me the most was the services that truwest offers.
They did a great job on getting me home loan.
I was very happy with their service.
Trying to do an international wire transfer with an intermediary bank was like pulling teeth.
Zach over at chase bank has truly and continues to be amazing.
Awesome lending institutions and amazing service zach turner has provided me.
I've never ever had one issue with my bank account !
If us bank doesn't do anything about this i will go feather !
Dont go to this bank very very rude "branch manager" nicole yates !
When i called customer service, multiple times, i was transferred to the wrong department, etc.
If you want you money protected do not use truwest!
Great guest service and great loan rates.
Beautiful design, fast efficient service and good saving products.
This is just a super weird bank in general.
I am republican, but am almost rethinking the over capitalization of these big banks.
My girlfriend and i went in to open a joint account with both of us already having chase.
Also the account for some reason was not accessible for 2-3 business days.
This isn't a review about chase's checking or savings account options.
The bank is big, clean, and well lit.
This is the slowest bank if you need to see a banker.
Worst customer service ever.
I needed a safe deposit box so i went to my bank.
And they are a very large bank.
I have a lot of money at dsfcu and no one has ever proactively called me for any reason.
I on the other hand, bank with a credit union.
Because the credit unions are owned by credit union account holders.
I have a confession, i have an rbc account too.
However they do ensure just as great security and accounts that are competitive/affordable.
Have not had a service problem at any of the truwest locations in five plus years.
This is the closest bank branch to my house, but unfortunately i always dread coming here.
This is normal for any bank but it seems like this branch is never in any hurry to help.
I can't say enough about this bank.
They used to be mainly a business bank but branched out to consumer.
Customer service is top notch.
Lena got me all set up with accounts and a safe deposit box.
The personal service and eagerness to go above and beyond in every way has be very loyal to this bank.
Again, i purely wanted to open an account and place cash into it.
I finally settled with placing the cash into my mother's account rather than opening my own.
I love banking with dsfcu.
Seriously the worst bank i've used.
Atms are consistently down, customer service is unhelpful   save yourself the time and keep your money in a shoe box
I do enjoy coming to this banking center.
I prefer using the drive-thru atms, because this bank has them updated to deposit cash and checks, with no envelopes!
Absolutely no customer service!
If it is an easy task like putting money in they are quick.
Well i have very good credit an took out a personal loan through them.
Well that went on for about 3 months figuring i was making head way on the loan.
There is zero incentive to get a loan from them.
Instead of getting a car loan from them go to the dealer you will get a much better rate.
I could not even imagine getting a house loan from them.
If you take a loan out through them u deserve what you get.
Stay away at all costs they are basically loan sharks
My husband went to this bank by referral thru several co-workers in feb 2018.
He was helped by a banker named estela.
She went over the car loan application thoroughly and it was quick and easy.
A few months later i decided to apply for a car loan as well and was pre-approved.
I procrastinated purchasing a car so my loan expired.
Kudos to estela for an excellent customer service!!!
I highly recommend her to help anybody with their loan needs.
Best customer service i've experienced in the fifteen years i've owned a business.
Every individual at this bank provides​ sterling, knowledge service.
I thought this is where they keep money.
He said if i had an account he could do it.
How about service first, then ask about opening an account?
Will try opus or another bank.
I highly recommend his services.
Great, friendly, super fast customer service & they have a drive-thru!
You get personalized service like you're some big wig with tons of money even if you aren't.
The can do everything a big bank can, except they have more limited hours/locations.
I can guarantee you no big bank would do that!
So, the limitations are far outweighed by the great customer service i get from almost everyone there.
After losing patience of waiting for my bank to make one available for me i decided to rent one there.
Very nice customer service and great security.
Really...they charge you a fee if you don't use your atm card that is linked to your savings account.
They have poor internet banking site and they don't communicate very well.
I know small local banks/credit unions struggle against the big banks, but a little customer service goes a long way.
As it turns out, an officer was in the bank, so he printed it out and walked me through it.
A few weeks later, after weighing everything, i went into close my account.
Oh wait, there were *more* fees i had to pay before i could close my account.
This time, i got a higher up in the bank, who walked me through.
Their response was i needed to set up online banking.
But i suppose that would impact their ability to rack up money from fees.
I've banked with a lot of places in my various residences around the us and world.
Under no circumstances can i recommend someone bank with nsb.
I would have expected better from the bank of america.
They are set up for what's best for bank of america instead of what's best for the consumer.
The customer service was awesome too.
My bank of america visits here average to 3 stars.
One star for the visits i have to withdraw money or pay toward a credit card payment.
Five stars for the visits i deposit money or cash a check.
It is an ok bank.
It tends to get more crowded causing a longer wait time than other local bank of america branches.
When it comes to banking i use the branch near me.
As long as i have a bank account, i will most likely return.
This institution has the worst customer service i've ever encountered!
It's no wonder they don't ask you to rate your customer service experience after the call!
These customer service reps have more attitude than a bet after school special!
A great company and very pleasant customer service.
I went to chase bank today and highly disappointed.
A old lady with whit hair who is the loan officer said did everyone sigh the list.
In all of five years banking their there has never been a list.
I then told old lady banker i will just go to my other bank who is midfirst bank.
Chase you blew it with poor customer service.
She chose to teach her young tellers how not to service customers.
I've never been treated like this at a bank branch.
This is the absolute worst for customer service.
We've banked here for 2 years.
Customer service doesn't exist.
I've had a car loan with this bank since 2012.
I requested that they remove the penalty and the vp of the bank, melissa, refused and was extremely rude.
Typical bank, greedy until the end.
Do not recommend this bank.
About to leave boa altogether and find another bank.
I closed my personal and business accounts after 13 years   bad service.
Sad to see a formerly good bank in decline.
I can't see myself going to any other bank again thus far.
I do not have a account here but needed proof of an auto loan i paid off years ago.
The customers service  girl was right on it !!!
Thank you customer service girl !!
I've been with his bank about 4 years.
She helped me through a hacker that hacked into my account while i was on vacation.
The customer service is terrible, excluding lily, she helped me throughly and walked me through all the steps.
I also got major attitude from them for going to cancel my account due to the inconvenient and unapologetic behavior.
I was with this bank for 4 yrs may i mind you.
There are a lot other banks out there.
Have had sooooo many very bad experiences  with banks over the years especially  wells ago.
Get far away from banks then run!
Atm eats non us bank cards.
Was quick to say that only us bank cards are not destroyed by the horribly-placed atm machine.
Left a real bad taste in my mouth, and my business with this bank due to this location is terminated.
Great job losing that monthly fee, us bank.
Shawn is truly amazing at his job and provides outstanding customer service.
I was in florida at the time on a long term assignment, hundreds of miles from a keybank.
I called the customer service number and within a few hours all my money was back in my account.
Miss this bank, big time.
Shana great service thanks, clean laundry great that open 24 hours...will come again.
Then said i would have to come in to the bank and then log on to my account.
I hate this bank.
If you are looking to open an account at a credit union, this one is not it!
I explain to the tellet that i've had a bank of america credit card for over 25 years.
Trying to force customers to open a savings account with a minimum balance of $500 to take a cash deposit.
Took forever just to get in and out of the bank .
They are open 24hrs and offer same day service, dry cleaning, wash&fold.
Great bank all the staff is super friendly and professional.
Absolutely the worst customer service!
With plenty of banking choices literally within a block of this place.
However, (other than erin) the service here is frustrating.
Bank of america need to retrain all of their employees.
Guess it's time for me to change bank now.
Great location to avoid personal banking investing line ups.
This is for the credit card department of chase bank.
They call to make sure it is not we who are charging these item and close the account right then.
So far they won't approve any type of loan.
I bought a new car, i wanted a loan to through the credit union...declined.
I would still prefer to have my loan through my credit union so i applied for a re-fi...declined.
But they keep sending me offers to apply for loans.
I tried to get a small personal loan through them to consolidate my credit cards...declined.
________________________________________________ customer service is not helpful.
Money in the account and the card was declined.
Called customer service to find out what block was on the account or what transactions needed to be verified.
I asked about a certificate of deposit and the teller asked me, "you want to open a checking account?"
I told them i already have a checking account and was inquiring about a cd.
He started clicking through my account with no communication.
He continued clicking away at my account with no communication.
This bank is better than the one located on green valley but they are seriously understaffed.
I don't trust this branch and now i don't trust this bank.
I'm a customer at the bank.
The customer service at this branch is the reason i am switching banks.
I think you should hire more positive and effective bankers.
I received statements that they had deducted money from my account for "inactivity".
After explaining to the lady i wanted to close my account, i was not treated very well at all.
They charged me fees when i was told there would be no fees but charged me money on "technicalities".
This location only has an atm and no counter services.
Extremely friendly, helpful staff on hand to assist with questions while he washes loads for full-service customers.
She then counts out the money i requested, and throws that in my general direction also!
Why is it such a hassle to get good clean service?
I was told basically "too bad" and when i threatened to close my account they acted like they didn't care.
Open account and new credit card at navy federal today.
Service was awesome, good product line good interest rates.
I can't tell you how many times this bank has been here for me.
It's my local bank and i frequent this location a lot for my personal needs.
During open hours, bankers are always happy to help me.
It looks like this bank keeps getting better ...
I work the same hours the bank is open.
I have my vehicle loan with this bank.
I am pulling all of my accounts from this bank.
Hands down worst customer service with their members that they don't care about!
All the work that had been done by one personal banker was re done by the branch manager liz.
(i was originally with another bank that was swallowed up by chase, sadly.)
I'm withdrawing every penny and closing my account as soon as possible.
Garbage service if i could i would give it negative stars.
The customer service is pointless they can't seem to answer any questions.
This secu has no drive-through banking!!!
The building looks like your typical eighties era bank with a ugly, blocky exterior.
All the basic banking is done downstairs, and any special banking needs have to be taken care of upstairs.
This bank is conveniently located near uptown charlotte, dilworth, midtown, and elizabeth.
And with banks, convenience, not aesthetics, is what matters.
She's always checking up on me, and catching things for me.
I am writing this note as a humble appreciation for the outstanding customer service provided by kayla.
So i asked if they were a bank.
They have the worst customers service i have ever seen!!!!
Low to no fees, and great customer service..
Twice one of their atms's ate my money, and didn't count the cash deposit..
So i was stuck all weekend with no money, and absolutely no one to call about it until monday.
Not having a 24 hour customer service number is unacceptable in a town like las vegas.
Jennifer is the reason i started an account here instead of using my shared branching.
Horrible customer service and even eric moreno himself never returned my calls after constantly leaving messages every week.
Is this the bank from hell or what?
It should be called bank of hellmerica.
This use to be one of my favorite branches to do my banking at.
Shame on bank of america for such extreme cuts on staff!
Haven't been in the bank proper though.
So frustrated at the lack of customer service here.
I love this bank!
For gilbert wells fargo banks...
This is my 1st choice because of the customer service & no pressure banking.
Other banks are pushy about signing up for credit cards, savings accounts and who knows what else...
But not this bank.
Great customer service, going above and beyond over any other banks in the neighborhood!
Glad to bank here and recommend them..
I can go to a gas station but not a bank to get a money order.
I was willing to pay the $10 fee so it wasn't as if i was looking for any free service.
Anyway my bank has an agreement witj them.
I have been with this location when it was founder's bank.
I'm not a business owner, nor do i have tons of money in my accounts.
I was told by the manager that the bank tellers are for customers only.
The money museum here is one of the hidden gems of cleveland.
You get a free sample of shredded money after your visit, $2.5 billion a year of cash is shredded here!
Great option for the regular more pricier service offered on the hotels.
Fast, convenient and accurate service...isnt that what its all about?
I opened my saving and checking account on september 1.
However, i was charged a monthly service today 10/26 today for my saving account.
I hope the banker told me more accurate information and i could have set up my transfers for earlier date.
Bank manager elisa, david, and their team members were super awesome in taking care of my needs!!
I just wish i could do more atm banking with cash and check deposits at places in my neighborhood.....
They also offer a lot of atm services so that you can skip waiting in the long teller line.
After i could no longer put up with their insanity, i cancelled my loan.
2 people working waiting for the banker for over 40 mins.
Which is the reason i have been banking with them for over 10 years.
I'm closing my accounts after 30 years.
It was late sunday night of a three-day weekend, banks are closed until tuesday,  i live 2000 miles away.
She takes care of my insurance for my cars, home, life and business as well as some retirement accounts.
Slow slow slow slow slow slow this is the slowest bank!!!
There online banking app, the new one, sucks!
Did i mention they have junk service.
This bank of america is terrible.
All this money i have that i worked all of 45 years to earn.
I then deposited it all into this bullshit bank.
Then after one month i receive a letter from this two faced bank headquarters that they are closing my account.
This is my whole life savings.
In all my years and dealing with many banks and load company's i have never been treated like this.
Be very very careful with this failing bank or all the bullshit they feed you!!!
Be very careful with your money and this bank!!
This review is for the home loans department located at this address.
If you want a good loan officer do not go to this location.
Make sure you get your parking pass validate when you visit the bank.
All the bank employees are friendly and very polite and they all know exactly what they are doing.
I would definitely recommend this cu if you are new to the area and/or need a good loan rate.
Worst customer service ever.
They don't help you to resolve issues in your account.
When you withdraw money from them, you do not get charged a fee for it.
Arizona business bank is a great place to do your banking.
Thanks arizona business bank for doing a great job!!!
I wish i could give you 10 stars  for being an awesome bank.
Save yourself the hassle and pick a different bank to do business with!!
The people who complain must not to go the bank often lol
The account rep. verified the check for me!!
I feel there is no longer any customer service at this credit union.
I am closing my account after 30 years!
I've never enjoyed banks...really never.
If you're sick of the major banks and the total lack of customer service, give this place a try.
I've never been able to say i was happy with my bank until the last year.
She gave me the info to try to resolve my money that got jammed inside the atm.
At that  time she pointed out the tiny sign near where u deposit your money saying only 25 bills.
My saving grace after being in a bad mood to begin with was sandy!
My sister also banks with you.
Walking into truwest , i got partnered with a banker named christina, she was amazing.
Waited 45 mins to deposit money.
What happened to customer service or just being courteous!!
I hate this bank!
On september 10th, i went to bank of america at 6900 westcliff dr.
The line was very, very long with only 2 bank tellers.
It turns out the bank couldn't find it.
On september 11th, i went back to the bank at 3:00 for my appointment with ms. susan mowatt.
I said i am concerned that this bank lost my signature card for the second time.
Don't go to this bank if you need good, reliable service.
I hate coming to this bank
This is also a branch that has very limited services...i won't be back to this location.
They rarely are able to help me with anything other than minor bank transactions.
I do not recommend going to this bank.
They are looking to literally take your money.
I had an account and thought everything was fine, until the fees came into effect.
Now i feel like the biggest idiot because of this bank.
They said we are a commercial bank and we dont help with retail accounts unless you have money.
________________________________________________ customer service is not helpful.
Money in the account and the card was declined.
Called customer service to find out what block was on the account or what transactions needed to be verified.
I dont recomend this place for your financial need.i went in today too but the same kind of service frustating.
I'm surprised they never charged me to delete that account...
Best bank in bellevue.
Being the only bank near the strip they should be fully staffed.
Brittany (banker) was hands down amazing and beyond helpful with helping me set up my new checking and savings account.
Rigo  (manager) introduced himself to me and showed how much he truly did care about me and my account.
Hands down the best experience i have ever had with a bank and their employees
And if you need a bank i would highly recommend here!
Unlike other reviews, i didn't have any issues with this bank's customer service or professionalism.
My interactions were very brief, however, and limited to the bankers at their desks and not the tellers.
The banker i worked with was very friendly and professional.
Boa sold my account to these guys a few years ago without my permission.
I was told we were good and the account was closed.
Find another bank business.
The bank is located on base!!
I had no money for gas or food and they still wouldn't help me.
I had always loved this bank and stayed loyal even after they closed the branch in pahrump where i live.
They kept an atm there to still do some banking.
During the week before christmas i was robbed of every single penny in my checking account, plus overdrawn.
I need my money now.
I guess i have to open up a new account at a bank here in town.
Can't wait until my car loan is paid off so i can close all accounts and never come back here
Great service from juan jose!!
Definitely great customer service.
Fluff and fold service is the best!
They offer same-day wash & fold services (usual turn around is between 2.5-3 hours) and are open 24/7!
They also offer dry-cleaning services.
Not the lowest in town, but definitely the best value for quality service.
Slow service, the branch manger who is an older blonde lady with glasses is very rude.
Had to wait forever to get service in lobby from a banker though
Atm kept my deposit and didnt credit my account.
I will never go anywhere else to bank not even another us bank.
I only owe )1,600 on that loan.
I have multiple accounts for a few years with dscu.
Very untrained, rude, and no sense if customer service.
I couldn't be more pleased with the service we received at this branch.
We setup both corporate and personal accounts and jenna helped us over several days to get everything perfect.
I do miss the people that were their when i first started banking with them, but shit happens.
The bankers were pushy.
Do not use this bank for a business account.
Then tell you lawyers don't understand the banking system.
They also offer the state farm banking and personal liability insurance.
Its people like corey that keeps us coming back to this bank to do our business with.
(i wasn't planning to take time off work to open an account, frustrating.)
I was very surprised that it'd take 2 hours to open an account.
I was disappointed and very surprised by the lack of customer service i was shown.
If it wasn't so difficult to switch and to open a new business account i would have already done it.
Do not open an account with bank of america!
They talk like shark loan gangsters.
The loan officer i spoke to was short and rude.
Linda woodford is always on top of her game when it comes to helping with loans and other financial services.
Slow service... took me 18 min to do a deposit, manager was arguing with some customers...
We all enjoyed learning about the history of money.
I regularly go to this bank due to its close proximity to my house, but that's only why.
It makes me want to cancel my account.
Just hope your id is not compromised with this bank.
As a result of this fiasco i closed my savings with wamu exceeding $50,000.
Your money is not safe with wamu or chase.
Turn around is 4 to 5 hours and they were right on the money.
My experience with truwest began over 40 years ago, and i have always had excellent service.
Whether i am at home or away, i can always get the support and service i need.
Went to the atm and they don't have fees with my bank so that is a huge plus for me!!
I want to thank cheyenne for the incredible service she provides to her customers.
I think i would have noticed that, since i had apparently paid off the loan in full.
I stewed about it a while but ended up sending the money along with a very unpleasant note.
And with royal bank, again and again!
She gave me the info to try to resolve my money that got jammed inside the atm.
At that  time she pointed out the tiny sign near where u deposit your money saying only 25 bills.
My saving grace after being in a bad mood to begin with was sandy!
I get that you don't want to get counterfeit money, but at this branch they don't want any at all!
This has to be one of the slowest chase banks i have visited.
One banker working in the whole bank...for real!?!
I can't with the lack of timeky customer service at this branch.
I have been banking with wells fargo for years and not ever experienced what i did at this branch.
I wanted to double count my $ before handing it over to the bank for the sake of accuracy.
No one is currently seated or being assisted at that part of the bank."
After counting the $, i went to the bank teller window.
A few minutes later, i see another bank teller using it with no issues, at all.
She said it was for bank use only and up to their discretion which made absolutely no sense.
I am a customer depositing a large amount of $ into an account with your bank.
Isn't that considered bank use?
She stated it was not for clients, but bank use -- very rudely.
Even in the event i was wrong, to have someone from your bank be off by $20 is not acceptable.
This was by far the worst experience i have ever had at any banking branch!
Wells fargo bank has been a wonderful place to bank at before this happened.
Great customer service and helped me with a process of opening and closing a few accounts...
They made it real easy to open a 2nd checking account, and very knowledgeable..
Not happy with service since opening account will be looking to leave the bank.
Came here and redeemed the 9 minutes free drying by checking in.
I guess those 10 years of service means nothing .
Bank of america - hands down - is the worst financial banking institute period.
The customer service in this bank is amazing.
I felt transported back in time when banks knew their clients and valued a face to face transaction.
I still remember the smell and excitement i felt watching my money grow.
I am so grateful to come across my pisces sister in this chase bank.
If you live in the area this is the place to bank.
I have a vehicle loan with dsfcu as well and the rate i received was the best around.
Every single time i come to any bank of america they have 1 teller working.
Want to be bankers in cheap suits asking if they can help you but they can't do anything.
With all the bad news on wells fargo, i decided to check our bank accounts (checking and savings).
I was ready to close all our accounts but your good training saved the day.
Teller service has always been efficient and friendly.
Today was the last straw with chase bank.
I guess people don't work anymore or chase just doesn't want our money.
If you want service, this is not the place and what is more sad, chase doesn't care.
Wells fargo, why you no good bank?
Debbie padilla, she was the most polite person i've ever met in the bank/credit industry.
This is the worst bank in the entire country - and i am referring to the bank as a whole.
I just didn't know about it and the bank hung on to my money; 2.
My online service was suspended (for reasons unclear/unknown to me); 3.
Folks, avoid banking at this institution at all costs!!!!!!!!!
Worst service i've experienced.
I requested for a 2nd checking to be closed.
This bank is the most misleading information in all their papers, they still people money, and get people in bankcrapcy.
They close your accounts even if you are class a customer with them.
They change rates whanever they want the highest from all the other banks.
The owners still money from canada and put oversee in their own accounts on poor canadian people.
All of you take out all the money and don't sign any papers with them.
But the customer service was the best i have ever had at any bank.
Krystin was awesome and explained everything to me for a new account.
Stay away from this bank.
The customer service is awful.
This bank screwed me for the last time.
By far the worst banking experience ever!
This one example of how horribly i've been treated at this bank of america and others in the area!
Pretty sure i'll be moving banks asap!
The student loan company told me it would likely take a week for processing time and mail.
If i was asked for this document early in the loan process this would not even be an issue.
I just moved to this area and this is the closest chase bank to my home.
I love this bank of america location for a couple of reasons.
I bank with another bank and a credit union, i choose not to have direct deposit.
When i told her who i banked with she asked if neither of my banks would cash my paycheck.
So i would just like to make a suggestion to bank of america .
If not having an account is a problem then stop cashing checks for those without an account.
Went to open my account and have been satisfied ever since.
I also enjoy the fact that it's a smaller bank.
I would highly recommend this bank
Will be looking into moving my money asap and all because of this experience.
If you are looking for a wf branch that offers friendly service for general banking needs, this is your bank.
Start watching guys as your keybank checking accounts are about to go into overdraft.
Stay far away from this bank!
I opened a simple checking account in 2009 when i decided to leave chase after they made some policy changes.
Little did i know that was going to be the biggest mistake in banking i ever made.
A week after i closed my account, they reopened it and started charging fee's without an explanation.
These people are low class, unprofessional, and display some of the worst customer service i've ever seen.
The bank was forced to remove the charge off for failure to communicate the charges with the customer.
Save yourself a lot of trouble and don't do business with small nevada banks.
I came here in a bind, and was greeted with professional, helpful and quick customer service.
One of those times that made me happy that i bank with td :)
Always great customer service at their branches & never a long wait.
This is a decent bank for anyone looking to start a basic banking experience.
It's like banking with a friend, joanne greets you by name with a warm and welcoming smile.
Seriously do your job so i won't be stuck going to the bank on two separate occasions.
She and her mother both bank here at the sun city office.
My coworker went down there on her lunch today to take care of her mothers account.
Her mother opened this account many years ago when my coworker was married with a different last name.
We work in customer service ourselves and i cannot believe she was treated so heartlessly.
This branch is always the slowest when it comes to customer service!
Find another bank or branch!!!
Run as far away from here as possible and do not put your money here.
Everything is out of service!!
This location doesn't even keep money on site.
Second, why would any reasonable person think that the atm is on a different property than the bank's own property.
Signed me up for an account.
Walked with me to deposit my money to the teller.
I'll bank with the grown ups now.
They told me i would have to open an account!
******************************************************* i have some news for people who are in the service industry, including banks:  service includes kindness!
Left sitting here for a personal banker for a simple statement printout.
Maybe don't reserve only 3 bankers during the lunch hours.
Banking with b of a is always a pleasure.
Anyway, so much for "service" for your customers.
Thursday afternoon i explained how i was looking for an auto loan asap.
Andrew explained she denied my loan so i had to get a co-signer.
Fantastic customer service thanks to michael marshall.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Money will be held until next week.
I have no money, and no one cares.
It was all the money i had.
How can they hold my money so my kids have to starve until next week?
Customer service is awful.
I would never bank here or at any other bank of america.
I had an auto loan with boa and they sent me a reimbursement check.
I went to this bank and they made me wait 45 minutes.
After 45 minutes, the banker told me that next time i should have them issue the check to my bank.
This bank proves why you should bank with us bank.
This bank really sucks.
They have a greeter and plenty of personnel to open accounts and do loans.
Terrie and cindy helped me get approved for my auto loan at 1.99% awesome =]
I am a new member and i used them for an auto loan recently.
The loan process itself was relatively smooth, quick and hassle free.
Teresa popp was my loan closer and she was very nice and friendly.
My main bank that i use, i do everything online and through atm.
Anyway..if you want a loan for something you should try them out, as i had a good experience.
I have utilized az central cu for one of my personal checking + savings account.
I like their mobile application and never have had an issue with their bill services.
We sold a car and used this bank to finance it for our customer.
I went in today with the intention of opening my business account.
I asked about atms and they yelled to each other like what are the services?
It seriously was the worst customer service i have ever experienced in a bank.
It was clearly apparent they did not want my account so i took my money and left.
I'm just a senior citizen who banks with usaa for the last 36 years.
We have had excellent service at this bank.
They're friendly, professional and have the products we need, including personal and business accounts.
The customer service is terrible.
I told her how ridiculous that was considering i was the only person waiting to see a banker.
Worst customer service i've ever encountered!!
Again, worst customer service ever!!
During all the time i sat there, every customer left upset due to the horrible customer service.
I deal with two other banks.
Thank you for the excellent service
I'm so glad that i'm banking with one nevada now!
Choose a different bank .find a credit union .
The bankers at open your account forget to tell you important information about the account.
When you have an issue you're told that is a provision on your account.
Though customer service on the phone said to go into the branch and they can run it for free.
This is the real kicker though...i had fraud activity on my account.
They immediately cancelled the transaction on my us bank debit and ran the correct card.
Us bank charged me nsf fees for everything that came through the account even though the amount wasn't charged.
After a few days the pending dropped off and i called the bank.
Banking shouldn't be this hard people!
I went to a big bank because i live in 2 states and it was supposed to be more convenient.
Extremely bad service, would give -1 if i could.
Will close all my accounts after i carry all of my automated payments.
Amex used to be a great card with great service.
I switched to amex years ago due to their service and help.
I have been banking at wells fargo for many years and this particular branch has excellent customer service.
Unfortunately, i wasn't able to take any pictures of the bank as security guards inside the building wouldn't allow it.
Maria fuentes has the best customer service skills i have ever seen with a banker.
And good customer service.
We also have used his service for our personal wash and fold.
I explained to norma that i needed help because my rent is due tomorrow and the money wasn't available yet.
Was back in town for a weekend and went to the bank to make a deposit.
One bank teller and a line of nine!!!
I'll bank somewhere else
So glad to finally ditch the big bank!
Took all my money out and got with a credit union.
This bank has great tellers and fast service.
So i've been a customer of bank of america for over 10 years now.
My account is in virginia, but i can access it here.
My dad locked himself out of his account back home since he messed up his pin.
I went into the bank expecting a problem but it is very easy.
I wish all bank branches worked this well.
My $25 savings account from 2009 was  recently stolen from $5 a month for "account inactivity" fees.
They may be the oldest credit union in az but customer service sucks!
This is the slowest and most inefficient bank i have ever been to.
Great place to get an auto loan.
Leo was very helpful when i explained my situation and needed to close a secondary checking account.
Bilingual service and easy approval....
You've got to check your records with this bank often.
We discovered that three strangers in another state added their names to my mother's account 8 years ago.
Nobody at the bank saw anything to be suspicious of or raised any flag.
It looks like you must be your own watchdog when it comes to your money.
Don't count on this bank for security.
I stopped in here yesterday (5/12/18) on the off chance they could help me with opening a checking account.
I had just experienced a frustrating time at another name brand bank and felt pretty down.
We've been banking with this bank for over 5 years.
Stay away from this bank.
After this case is closed i will be closing my account with them.
This is a bank.
Better returns, dividends and typically better customer service.
When can you ever say you look forward to bank visits?
Inside they seem nice if you have a customer service issue.
They have given me outstanding service since day one.
I wish all banks provided this level of customer service.
In an age where banking is de-humanize with technology, the service at this branch is very refreshing!
And then they tell you that you can't have all your money at once.
However, (other than erin) the service here is frustrating.
Refinanced a loan at this branch and they were great.
All i could think is that this person worked for me she'd likely be forcing me to hemorrhage money.
No attempt to save the account...for less than $50!
I'll pay for services used.
I'd close the account and move to my other bank.
Not only is it the worst "bank" i've ever dealt with, it's the worst business.
You would be better off burying your money in the backyard.
They've failed to protect my money on multiple occasions.
Everything with this bank is a gigantic hassle.
It's offensive to me how they pander to veterans, when all they want is our money.
I've been banking at this location since 2005.
The tellers have always been very friendly with quick service.
I also have home and business loans through the credit union and couldn't be happier with the service.
The website banking services are also very good, including their android app for google phones!
Found this place while searching for fluff and fold services on yelp & they did not disappoint.
They charge $1.78/lb for fluff and fold services & it's very worth it.
Thank you guys for excellent service!
The absolute worst service i've ever received at any chase branch.
Currently waiting 40 minutes for a banker to arrive from lunch to process a wire transfer.
Only one person here who can service a simple customer product.
Definitely keep your money anywhere but here.
I closed my business accounts because of some of their policies a few months ago.
Won't ever open a personal account with them
I hate bank of america.
I will be changing banks.
We are not sure we will ever be able to receive our dead mother's money from these scheisters.
Time to go to another bank?
Such poor customer service demonstrated by their manager alyssa (not sure the spelling).
Really guys, what bank doesn't want to take your money??
So, if you have to bank at b of a, avoid this location like the plague.
This is a very good banking establishment and i will never go elsewhere!
I'm sure the service is above reproach at every location.
I have my two teenagers linked to my account and it's totally confusing to differentiate between accounts.
It took me almost 5 mins to transfer money because of the upgrade.
I appreciate the service and smiles.
Thank you credit union west for making my banking experience positive and enjoyable when i have business in your branch.
Especially honey singh she helped us opening new account and we feel  so welcome.
Not like other bank there so rude.
We went into this branch to open an account with them.
I guess the banking industry isn't what it used to be.
But i do know one thing, chase bank won't be seeing any of our business soon.
It was 2:30pm on a weekday (hardly peak rush hour for banks on a 110 degree day).
The line waiting for tellers went all the way to the door of the bank.
Slowest bank i've ever been to.
Just one of the reasons i don't bank with them anymore.
Thank you for the long time services you have provided us cccu.
Then a few months later we learned the bank would be closing completely to switch systems.
Then we have a charge show up on our account for $-6.68 and the description says sam's club from 8/2/18.
And furthermore we cant keep our money in a bank where we cant trust our money will be there.
I have had car loans and a mortgage through summit and couldn't be happier.
Great rates, superior customer service, and the right products to fit my needs.
They are not, all employees we met with when we opened the account have been replaced a couple of times.
This bank has unreasonable wait times while staff can be seen doing nothing.
Will be getting rid of bank of america asap
Here's the thing, wells - my mother had accounts with you for many years.
My stepfather has an account with you.
You'll never feel the pinch of having driven a way a potential small time checking and savings account customer.
I understand that banks want their customers to migrate to automated systems, but what about your business clients like me!!
It's bad enough that most banks are going to universal positions eliminating 30-50% of the branch workforce!!!
The worssssssst customer service i have ever seen!!!
What a shame for bank of america to have employees like that.
The service is outstanding, everyone is courteous and swift.
She was rude and i didn't get the service i've paid for.
They don't switch the checking account to the cheaper checking account automatically after the trial period (lie/mistake).
One that incurs a $10 fee each time even though i have money in my accounts.
Some bs about manually transferring money between accounts which was never disclosed to me, ever.
I switched from chase to a "less evil" credit union but the mega bank ended up costing me less.
Taking my money out.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
It can get busy tho especially with all the retailers banking here.
I guess they aren't interested in new business with a better than 50 year bank of america customer.
Do not open your account here.
I had great service from the local branches until now.
I had fraud on my account today and all the supervisor would say is check your account tomorrow.
When this situation clears up, i will be closing my account.
This bank is bad on over draft accounts.
If the funds are there wether in savings or checking why do i have to pay for overdraft fees..
Highly upset and now having to wait for manager approval.. poor customer service!!
There's rarely anyone else in the drive-thru so you can get your banking done efficiently.
No such thing as customer service here.
No emergency telephone to call to have it reset so the atm will be out of service over the weekend.
I'm considering changing banks for this reason.
The customer service is top notch.
Me and a friend went here a few nights ago after winning money in the casion.
Literally did the same transaction across the street at bank of america.
Efficient and cheap service.
I was told that the bank was afraid, it is laundry money.
But i was lucky to have one account with the same bank.
But her answer was, i quote "we are a business and we are here to make money" i responded.
No you are a bank that is suppose to protect the money of the people.
We would not have to be legally rope bye the bank with make up fees.
I only blame the government for bailing the bank out.
That was a joke, i still waiting for my bail out or any help by the bank.
She told me that she couldn't do the deposit because the account was dormant.
Which means if you don't use your account for a laps of time they deactivate it.
I said, she is 14 year old and it is children account of course she won't use it everyday.
Do not bank here!
On top of all that i heard everything going on behind me which involved a woman opening an account.
I love this bank!
It's a bank, but these guys are hometown, mom & pop, old-fashioned.
Go see dan bienz for loans, accounts, anything.
You could almost walk out of there with a handshake & a loan.
I had a bad experience at this bank, and especially this branch.
The payment was "returned" and my account was charged an overdraft fee of $35.
Upon learning this i immediately paid my credit card bill with another checking account at another bank.
However, the overdraft fee at my nevada state bank account brought the account into the negative range by about $2.
Throughout the time i was sick my account was charged between $5 and $15 in fees on a daily basis.
It is her job it is to tell people to take a hike once the bank has bilked you.
This bank touts itself has being a good, respectable, local bank that serves the small business owners of nevada.
Their fee structure is onerous in comparison to the other banks.
Very friendly i've been banking with truwest for over 7 years i will never bank with anyone else
This review is of royal trust bank.
I opened an account there for the usual purposes, cash pay cheques, pay bills etc.
Wow what customer service.
I highly recommend a credit union over a bank.
When i had my accounts with a regular bank there always ended up being fees.
I use this credit union for its shared branching services.
Everytime i come here the service is fast, friendly, and efficient.
Bank has helped me with personal loans and my car loans with not so perfect credit.
Anyway, the service here was good.
Terrible with your money.
Banks need to be shut down.
Time for a lesson of customer service.
I'm closing out my accounts and moving to bank that understands customer services.
If you want a better bank, go with rbc.
I banked with tcf for roughly 5 years while i lived in arizona.
Add to that little things like a free coin counting service and they are very appealing.
However, when i got here of course there were no local branches so i had to get a new account.
Every day they called wanted more information took weeks --went to different cu got the loan in 2 days.
Worst customer service ever!
I said i only need it for two minutes to get the account number off my phone.
With so much competition out there, we strive to provide the best customer service.
Needless to say, we have since closed our account and moved to a credit union and are very happy.
I have had an account with intouch credit union since i was 2 years old.
It's sad to see your bank that you've been affiliated with your entire life come to crumbles.
I am considering changing banks because of this reason.
They aren't informative of your best options when pursuing guidance with account concerns.
Cold, dispassionate service from the rottenest bank in canada.
Many better banks in canada.
This is the stephen harper of banks.
Paper money can be exchanged for coins and soap can be purchased from vending machines.
Super sad excuse for customer service.
I didn't go inside so can't tell you much about the customer service at this time.
Low rates on loans, they are my go to place for financing.
I had a great experience setting up new business and personal accounts with chase (the person, not the bank, haha).
Got double charged as well as an error when i tried to check an account.
The people in the branches are always very nice, but the bank itself and its policies really suck.
Very giving and their customer service continues to make a difference in people's lives.
I've been having problems with my desk top on.line banking for several weeks.
Just to get in to online banking can take 30 minutes.
Go to another bank.
Service was very efficient.
I had a special banking quandary that brought me to this location.
There was no wait and the service was awesome.
That is the only part of the bank we saw/used.
This place is the absolute worst bank i've ever had.
Completely rude over the phone , unreliable and definitely a mistake to bank with them.
I'm switching all my loans and accounts to a different bank.
This is the worst bank or establishment i have ever been to.
Please do not ever come to this place because apparently they don't give good customer service.
Car loans at an amazing rate compared to other banks 2-3% lower on the first quote!
I have been with weststar for about two years now and have  had good service with them.
I have always had stellar service at this branch - the staff is  great.
Piece of crap service here!
Everyone has to wait at the bank.
Very nice and clean bank.
The money museum at the cleveland fed is free.
There was a small one with reading material on hamilton and the 1st us bank.
The permanent exhibit provided information on the start of the current banking system and the two that preceded it.
Very quick service in and out
The branch manager and the account manager both went above and beyond in resolving my issue for me.
Great service, always willing to help.
Slowest bank of america on the planet.
Needed customer service on a recent visit.
I waited an hour at us bank to try and open an account and didn't get acknowledged by anyone.
This is one of the busiest bank location i have ever seen.
The service level is average.
We went there when out account was hacked and the person we dealt with was not much help.
Go to sun loan on flamingo and decatur!!
I know loans and this place has everything you want and need.
Worked with dan strum on some business banking issues i had.
They put a hold on a business account without telling me because the check was too large.
They will take your money or hold it from you.
Do not bank at wells fargo if you can help it!!!
We set up checking and saving accounts nine months ago.
She helped me refinance my car and great customer service.
Why, oh why, is the bank only open when we are at work???
I've also found their customer service to be lacking (at least, on the phone), and they have no atms uptown.
Unfortunately, no bank i've found down here matches up with the service and convenience of my former bank, citibank.
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
This is the nicest banking center i have encountered by far.
Nonetheless, this banking center is big, many pbs on duty, excellent customer service (for me at least).
Another new-to-me car, another hassle free loan from azfcu.
The only real drawback is that i can't pay the loan online.
Well, at least not from another bank account, my regular checking account is with chase.
On their website, all you can do is check your loan balance and make a payment from another azfcu account.
I have maintained an account with wachovia (now wells fargo) for many years.
To their credit, the bank called me.
***   the second incidence of unknowns accessing my checking account was early 2011.
I once again received a call from the bank.
The customer service rep who assisted me was an angel.
Curious, i asked her how someone had gotten into my account.
She said it looked like someone had most likely accessed my debit card and not my actual bank account.
After this incident,  i set up banking alerts.
Now i get notifications when all sorts of activities occur with my accounts.
Being i had banked with them for over a year they should have been willing to work will me!
I am now working with bank of america :)!
Sheesh, if they gave me a tootsie roll, i'd think i was back home at long island savings bank!
Old school service in a new school world.
Much easier experience than at my previous bank.
This banking establishment is the worst.
Bank of america sucks big time.
The staff were all friendly and kind to me & gave me no hassle retrieving funds from my account!!
Now i use midfirst bank they are wayyyyyyyy  better.
Came here and redeemed the 9 minutes free drying by checking in.
I've been banking here since 1991 in the early spring like march.
I like the service and most of the employees know me.
I have a saving account and a checking account and a debit card.
But most of my banking i do via the internet.
Don't value time and service sucks.
Had an appointment online with the bank and still they made me wait for an hour over.
Even the service the provided was completely unprofessional.
Video and bank employees witnessed this.
All the big banks today should take lessons from nb/az.
She said she she would look into my account and call me back.
I don't need this service ever!
Rapid cash u need to reconsider this employee helping customers with her nasty rude horrible service.
I can go take out loans elsewhere!
Le bôn plan pour ceux qui ne veulent pas de ruiner avec le service de l'hôtel.
Used to have large balances at this bank.
They are a dinosaur in today's banking world.
Go to a modern bank not one that finds ways to create challenges.
Fortunately i don't bank there that often.
Used to love chase, but so many problems with them and service is horrible!
Looking for new bank!
I have been banking with this credit union for years so the recent technological failures are beyond disappointing.
With the onset of chip cards and a new online banking, the poor attention to detail is astounding!
I am done banking with chase bank.
The savings account was opened because we wish to not touch this $.
Talk about customer service - not!!!!
Ricky montanez was my loan officer recently.
He spent so much time explaining my options and helping me with my loan.
I was a fan of tcf bank back in illinois.
I told him i bank with ing direct, who charges no fees for anything, and he just replied "oh."
Apparently tcf is a regional bank, despite having locations nationwide.
They offer a 5 year loan at a minimum of 6.9% interest.
And with the only requirement being a $25 deposit in a savings account.
Never give out your account info!
He helps us with our business account and does a great job.
Very knowledgable staff and great customer service.
True enough and as i expected, the customer service has declined and the fees are on a steady increase.
Wells fargo bank does a fantastic job at providing genuine customer service.
The bank teller is a true asset to your team.
I've gone to several branches and there is no customer service whatsoever.
They do not care about your money at all.
The very next day that amount was deducted out of my savings.
Do not, do not, do not go with this so called bank
I haven't walked into a bank in over a year, and this is why.
Who is this bank made for?
I haven't had to deposit money into a atm since i was 19 years old what is this 1990?
I guess they cater to criminals and people with bad credit who cant get regular loans?
I loathe this bank.
You don't even see the money in your account.
Avoid compass bank unless you like bank reps that all just shrug and say they can't do anything for you.
Then, they said i need to setup another business account and they couldn't deposit the check into my personal account.
I then (calmly) explained that i have been depositing those checks into my personal account for over a year, still...
Closing the account tomorrow.
We joined heartland credit union two years ago after dealing with banks for too many years.
Their online banking is super easy to use.
I highly recommend banking here.
This should be your bank, ie credit union.
This is the most ridiculous banking experience i have ever encountered.
So i got ahold of my insurance letting them know they needed to add the bank.
I met with "wissam" who is really a genuine customer service person and know how to handle clients.
Really efficient and effective customer service.
However a name change and moving of locations they have lost their customer service.
We closed the account to avoid additional fees but so disappointed in the way that jerry handled this.
There are hundreds of banks in town and dozens of credit unions.
I opened several accounts at this branch, personal checking & savings as well as a business account.
I've been to other banks, all the majors, but here i felt like more than just another random customer.
Nicest folks at this bank!!
Always call me by first name, prompt service  and, most importantly, they correctly handle our transactions.
It has many teller windows, and have 5-6 banking staff.
Do not use this bank they are totally incompetent.
Use another bank there are lots of other choices out there.
I cannot even begin to describe the frustration i have towards this bank.
I am moving my money and business to wells fargo.
The "lost art" of customer service has been found at the wells fargo at 432 s. gammon rd!
You don't want my money?
I was going to pay off my loan and my credit card from your bank.
Since i have an account at a credit union in cali.
I have thought about transferring that account over to desert schools?
One of the 3 men stepped forward & asked for my bank card so he could "verify" my account.
He proceeded to look into my account before getting another young gal to help me.
I have had no problems with any of the bank tellers they have been very professional!
I went into the bank with fraud activity on my debit card.
No call, and no help and those fraudulent charges are still on my account.
These people are worthless, but good luck finding any help with bank of america!
There goes $15 for a lyft and $10 in fee's for using another banks atm
I bank with confidence here and you can too!
And after i did a quick checking into my bag and confirmed her that she did not give me anything.
Then the finally checked her drawer and found the receipt to my money order.
After that she had realized that my money order did not put to the name that is dirrectly to me.
Don't waste your time or money!!!!
They are crooks bunch of idiots here they are unprofessional and don't know how to handle money properly
- and we are all much happier with the new bank.
I am currently in tucson and bank there but will be moving to the valley this month.
I kept my chase account open just in case.
While other banks allow you to shut off this "security feature", with oneaz it is a requirement.
You seriously need to get your act together, and it's no wonder people prefer to do business with big banks.
I needed a customer service rep but the one i needed was working as a teller.
I had to wait about 10 minutes until the teller went back to the customer service office.
I switched to arizona central from a big national bank 9 years ago, and i love it so much more.
The customer service is more personal, and they don't hit you with tons of unnecessary fees.
The service here is excellent.
If you're looking for a bank with excellent customer service this is the place to go to!
Asked to order checks, have to order with customer service.
This is the only bank of america that doesn't do there job.
Thus club got the job done and didn't break our bank.
No wonder they only have one star, what kind of a bank is that?
Close to the strip for all those who don't want to spend additional money on atm fees!
I've never, ever seen anything like this... unable to even ask why they want to shut down my account.
Wells fargo bank is unsafe.
I have zero trust in their ability to safeguard my identity or my money.
But the bank seems terminally incompetent at dealing with id theft and fraud.
Their id theft and fraud system is all process and no customer service.
My experience with my banking and home mortgage was positive and they have always treated me well.
This bank is down the street from my house and is my go to bank.
This is the closest bank to my husbands work.
We have never experienced this kind of service in any other chase in the valley like this!
The bankers in there are also don't know what the heck their doing.
Customer service reps say one thing and you go to the bank only to get another answer.
Bad customer service !
The central phoenix location is great and the setup for investors and banking is really easy.
Nobody ever greets when u walk in and the personal bankers act like they get paid too much to assist!!
So prior to my membership with onenevada i was with one of those major banks.
As much as i rather be with a major bank like before, onenevada isn't too bad.
I also heard and read from other reviews the rates on loans and such tend to be lower here.
There's a huge wrought iron gate that surrounds the bank when it's closed, preventing access to the atm.
I saw 3 different bankers walking around doing little to nothing.
I'm from out of town and her service was just outstanding!
I've been to other rapid cash spots but his service is what stands out!
I can't speak for the service since i didn't get any.
Good bank if you make all deposits with a check.
Also, their customer service is very rude.
When the banks has errors, they will not even apologize for the inconvenience.
I no longer trust this bank with my money..  .
As a realtor you expect some level of frustration associated with the loan process but this firm  wins hands down.
My client started the loan process with them back in december with jay lopez.
But hey they say no problem we can get it done...its at the loan processors side.
So yeah i would stay away from this bank for home loans.
I thought so too until the branch manager basically yelled at me because he said he didn't have enough money.
The staff is very friendly and helpful, however, there are not enough bankers working.
After calling and talking to three different people at customer service.
Thank wells fargo i will be closing my account tomorrow.
It is always clean, you get greeted when you enter the door and their customer service has always been wonderful.
The cash boomerang grants money back to the members annually (who doesn't love extra money in your account!).
I just need more banking to do now so i can get back in there for a chai!
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
Great service, the lady at work is really nice & free detergent!
I moved here from the east coast, opened an account with my life savings.
They cash the check then decide to suspend my accounts...they have my money mind you.
I've had nothing but problems with this bank.
Needless to say the company didn't understand about making a letter so i never got that money back.
Save your time and don't bank with silver state credit union.
I don't bank here.
But i'll live with it since it's free access to my money.
I don't know why people expect so much from a bank with tellers and bankers.
Roula is just the best person in banking, that i've ever met.
I had to open two court ordered restricted accounts back in may 2018.
These account are not a simple thing.
They must go through a full evaluation with bank of americas legal department.
Unfortunately, the legal department did not permit me to open the account at the time.
Keep up the nice service!!
I was expecting a smooth process both based on my friend's experience and my history with loans.
It would have been cheaper and less painful to get a loan from a loan shark.
Had it applied to a future loan, that would have been a bonus.
This bank sucks my balls.
Ridiculous customer service and if i hadn't been a customer of boa for over 20 years i would leave.
It makes me so happy to know that they care about helping me, and understand that money can be stressful.
Went in to open a checking account and was treated with the utmost disrespect.
Going to bank elsewhere.
Every time i go in, i get lexie she's awesome with customer service and interacts with her customers.
I went april 1st 2016 at 5:30 pm with the intention of opening a checking account.
I wanted just a checking account and brought in enough cash for the minimum deposit.
I was having trouble getting money from their atm for my opening deposit on the savings account i didn't want.
So from the very start i was lied to by an employee of the bank i want to use.
I will be avoiding her while i bank at tcf.
I can't stand bank of a america for reasons like this.
Only reason i have to come here is because my shop chose this bank for our deposits.
I give you my money, and you take it with a smile.
You give me money from your machine and i forget it's mine.
All banks are not created equal.
For a company that prides itself in excellent customer service, this kind of service is completely inexcusable.
Rbc is... actually was my favourite bank.
For a bank called first convenience my experience opening an account online has been anything but.
This bank was recommended by my mother and things started smoothly but right after opening the account, trouble started.
Finally getting through all of this i noticed that my account balance was at $0.00.
I called customer service and asked why $100.00 i opened the account with was not present.
Finally 6 days later it came through to the new account.
Amazing service and very comfortable place to go to.
The worst costumer service.. what kind of people do you have working their that can't answer a simple question
So i had a checking and savings account with navy federal credit union.
I fell short with my checking account, so it was closed but my savings was still remaining active.
I was trying to close part of my account that i didn't use anymore.
Terrible service, but i can't do much.
I came to this branch to open a checking account.
Always expect to wait a long time... nice tellers but bad service.
I guess they are trying to get folks not come to thge bank and do everything online.
Very very poor customer service the call center is in the philippines ....
Had an account with you but never again!
Very very bad service !!
I mistakenly posted a review of bank of america here instead of the b of a site.
I will say again, my previous review was intended for bank of america!
Please think twice before you decide to use this company for any of its services.
Frank darmo, relationship banker, has been more supportive and more helpful than i ever could have asked for.
He answered all my questions and even gave me some tips about my account.
I will start going to this location because of how rocco treated me and provided great customer service.
I have been with wells fargo for almost 20 years and the service fluctuates between locations often.
I've been banking with weststar for over 10 years.
I would recommend this bank to anyone.
They are fabulous will work with you and help you make good decisions with your loans.
There's a line of 12 people and bankers are just walking around not helping people in line.
I usually would never yelp about a bank but i feel i had to.
First off, i currently bank at 3 different places and tcf has been the best by far.
Marissa helped me open my checking and savings account.
Will continue to bank here.
We have, should be had, a boat loan with a 15 year term loan with key bank.
I have made 15 years of payments for my loan.
I have contacted the bbb, credit reporting agencies, as well as key bank directly.
Don't get a loan with this company!
Very surprised by the curt service here.
I paid off my loan completely, but now it's pay back.
This is the slowest bank ever!
It looks like some bosses at bank of america are reading yelp!
I asked for a  copy of bank statement.
What a customer service.?
This bank is always clean and the workers are always so friendly.
Loved the insight of how the bank years ago was run and how it was protected from would be thieves.
Kids had a great time with the interactive material and putting their own picture on the printed money
She is not to be trusted with your account.
She will lie to your face while pocketing your money!!!
Please all navy fed bankers stay away from hollyeee*
I deposited a check in bank of america atm before 8pm last night.
It was written from a bank of america business account.
They already debited the account it was written off of.
They will not let my boss cancel the check yet they will not give me the money til the 4th.
So why are they holding my money for 1 week.
I have started a srew bank of america facebook group that is growing by leaps and bounds.
Take my advice & the hundreds of others in the group and dont use this bank.
Keybank won't give me my money.
They said they closed my account without notice because of 30 days of inactivity.
I need bus money.
I only come in about once a year for some transactions that i feel more comfortable a banking profoessional doing.
I feel some of the account people are incompetent, or they at least come across that way.
They operate as a do it yourself laundromat or as a full service wash and fold.
If you are traveling through, the wash and fold service is well worth it!
The staff is very nice, and as i mentioned, the full service is very affordable.
This branch has some good people, but the banking system itself is terrible and has terrible customer phone service.
If i could give this bank a zero star rating, i would.
Don't trust this bank to tie your shoes, let alone handle your money.
This bank which has a staff of four or five people does not have a teller available!
How does a bank not have a teller on staff?
Regrettably this is the typical poor service i've become a custom with with bank of america.
Choose another bank get real service.
I really didn't expect a stop at a bank would eat up my whole day?
Excellent service, very friendly, always helpful.
Customer service is great.
We were told that bank if america does.
After waiting again we were told you had to have a bank of america account to do foreign currency exchange.
We weren't going to open a bank account just to exchange currency.
We found another bank that does do it and they got our business.
One more thing you bank is not very inviting on its design felt more like a prison
Nice and clean inside, friendly teller, quick service in and out.
Horrible service and the discriminate against the elderly.
Not this location specifically but the bank itself is crap.
Went into a branch and they asked if i wanted to take all my money out of my checking account.
Thought i wanted to take money out of my checking account.
I said i wanted them to take money from my checking account to pay my credit card bill.
A service fee to pay my freaking bill.
Really loved the service and loved the staff.
This is the slowest bank of america i have ever been to in the united states.
I recommend any other bank of america in the city!
I've been using this branch since it opened and have never had any issues with customer service.
Besides being slow, they have a tendency to put a freeze on your account when they make a mistake.
He's also the friendliest banker i've met.. and mind you, i also bank w wells fargo.
I am beyond satisfied w his customer service, skills, and knowledge in what he does!
Either way, driving here sort of makes going to the bank a chore and something i don't enjoy doing.
Though i can't say much about service, i know for a fact that this bank has a great atmosphere.
I am considering changing banks because of this reason.
I've banked with tcf for 2 years now.
I will never bank with anyone else!
The rep patrick was very help and full of great info about what type of account we should open.
I've never had a worse customer-service experience at any bank.
For this reason, i decided not to open an account with wells fargo.
Great customer service at both the teller and the loan agent.
Time to find a new bank
Such a huge bank and only one person at the teller???
The service i usually receive is good and i avoid fees any way i can.
I'll remain a bofa customer because sometimes i need the services they offer but diversification is necessary.
Nice bank and everyone is friendly.
Great "small town" feel of the bank.
Have always had good service with a smile.
In fact, i drive clear across town to make sure only he works on my multiple accounts.
My husband took out a pool loan.
In the process, the loan was down to 17,000.00.
She called me back and told me to go through loan modification.
Loan modification said the account had already been charged off and was not active.
So, they charged off the loan, but the same company is billing me for it...????
They informed me if i died that i would not be responsible for the loan.
What kind of bank does this?????
I am not the originator of the loan.
I needed to deposit a third party check into my account and cash it right away.
I don't do this often, but my boyfriend uses compass and there is not one compass bank  in vegas.
No love from them, hmm guess they didn't want me to spend money there.
Great follow up and customer service.
Would highly recommend his services!
Beyond that, the service here is good.
Everyone behind the counter seems knowledgable of products and services.
Went in on saturday to open 2 savings accts, 1 checking, credit card and line of credit.
If they would put a million dollars in my account they have me for life.
Great service, friendly owner's and a nice clean laundromat.
Only go if heath will be dealing with your loan and not forice.............................................got our home loan with heath.
Less than a year later we get a call about saving money with a streamline finance.
I appreciate their warm welcome, fast service and extensive services.
This bank is the worst in fountain hills.
Little did i know that he was going to service 2 other people at the drive through in between!
Maybe it is because i don't have a lot of money in their bank?
So i will take my little bit of money elsewhere.
Other banks know me by my first name, are very genuine with no long wait times or lines.
You will get better service, benefits & genuine relationships with other banks in fountain hills.
Sometimes service can be a little slow.
This place is very convenient because it's so close to me and i utilize money gram a lot.
Well, i don't & i didn't so because of that tcf closed my account.
The services they offer are varied.
If you have an account with another credit union that participates in, "shared branching", this location participates as well.
I would never use this bank again!
Find yourself another bank, i would look at a credit union they are typically more reasonable.
Great service, very helpfull staff.
Great customer service and auto rates.
Was able to refinance my auto loan at half the interest rate of chase bank.
Carlos got me all set up, very happy with the service and products received.
My daughter wrote me a check as she owed me money.
I can't believe a bank would take such advantage of someone who didn't have an account with them!
I can only imagine the fees that go along with having an account here!
She was self-righteous and basically said too bad if you don't bank with us you're paying nothing we can do!
Real tired of direct deposits pending in my account for 3+ days.
I've had great experiences in all departments... love having a true local bank
That is rare these days at banking institutions and very much appreciated.
I have banked with gateway for many years both personally and with my llc.
Gateway bank is best with customer service.
Service was a bit slow, but once the line was gone, i was greeted by a super friendly teller.
Still the worst bank on the planet.
The only reason i even have an account with you is i was forced when i got my car loan.
Keep my $25 but please close my account.
Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money elsewhere.
This bank doesn't seem to care about the people that keep their money here!
I living going gets for all my banking needs.
This incredibly busy bank has 1 teller on a friday afternoon.
Getting my car loan was pretty convenient.
Best treatment i ever got in a bank in this world was right here.
There are no good reasons to bank here!
The bank continues to operate without regard to challenges or customer satisfaction imo.
But i received a great rate, no hidden fees or points, and great customer service throughout the entire process.
I was with old wells fargo, that charged monthly fee to keep my money in their bank.
They have a free coinstar type machine that deposits your spare change right into your account (with no fee).
They offer home and auto loans and amazing rates.
This review is about customer service at this location.
I asked, you can't exchange cash for cash without running thru my account?
Manager of this branch need to pay more attention to training and listening to their customer service training.
I dont have a boa account but have to go in occasionally to deposit money into vendor accounts.
What did they do with all that bailout money?
Short version: appearance of professionalism and courtesy, actually little knowledge or ability in banking, and little genuine concern for customers.
I love my bank they are easy to access either in person or via telephone.
The staff was second to none in customer service and patience.
I would recommend contacting mr. schneider if you need a loan of any type.
Once again wellsfargo has screwed me out of my money and says it'll be processed the next day.
After you've been a member for a while they will charge you $70 for transferring your own hard-earned money!!!
This is the most horrible, dishonest, uncaring, greedy bank ever !
I went in there today for a money order.
Tell me why the clerk told me there's a $5 charge for the freaking money order?!
Basically you can buy a lot of things w/ $5 instead of spending it on a dang money order.
I have a checking and savings account there but charging that hot mess price smh.
So why bank with a credit union (which has more limitations) when there are no additional benefits?
Don't ever apply for this bank credit card.
I've been banking with this bank over 20 years.
Don't have a lot of location, but i like the teller and the banker at the brunch.
But i give it 1 star is because of the credit card customer service 855-437-2798.
Us bank is by far the most incompetent bank that is around.
The bankers that were supposed to help me and send in forms never did so.
Meanwhile i'm waiting everyday to have my money returned to me.
Here i am at the bank again and everyone is ignoring me.
I sat in the lobby for an hour while the bankers pretended to be busy.
Do not bank with us bank.
Us bank will make you pay for it.
Absolutely despise chase bank.
Extremely quick service, had me in and out of there regardless of the extremely long line!
She definitely reminded me why i love banking with one nevada!
Chis godbey is a great personal banker and did a great job updating my account and doing a fed wire.
Prompt service is hit and miss, and as of late i've been having more misses.
I use their share branch services or else i would probably opt to go elsewhere.
So i transfer $10 out of my account that shows a balance of 10.39 - direct deposit kicks in tomorrow.
He now says there was only 3.39 in the account.
I highly recommend not using this bank and going to usaa or navy fed.
Great customer service from danielle!
Lol its our money- not yours.
I used to love my bank but they are going down hill fast.
Long story short we are looking for a new bank.
Each account incurs a $3 monthly charge.
The service is awful.
Closing my account as we speak.
They locked me in a great loan rate even though i live in california.
Bofa transferred my account as a free account.
I had a savings account with fleet that i used to save for wedding costs.
When i got married, i emptied the savings except for like $75.
6 months after getting married, i got a letter in the mail saying my savings account had gone negative.
On a savings account.
I called them up and had them refund me back to $0 and closed the account.
Get this, the woman asked me if i wanted to set up a "free savings account".
To my surprise, bofa deducted my account for the payment a week in advance.
When i got married, my wife closed her account and i put her on mine as a joint account.
The final straw came when we accidentally overdrew our account.
On monday, i checked my account online and i had money.
Budgeting properly has nothing to do with the way the bank is messing with the dates to screw me.
Which was refreshing after the morning i had at other banks.
I highly recommend banking at this location.
The customer service was amazing and very helpful.
She gave me the info to try to resolve my money that got jammed inside the atm.
At that  time she pointed out the tiny sign near where u deposit your money saying only 25 bills.
My saving grace after being in a bad mood to begin with was sandy!
My sister also banks with you.
Today kathy teems was very helpful in correcting my bank account with the utmost professionalism.
In and out of the bank in under 5 minutes.
Patron of this branch for a few years and i think they have excellent customer service.
I know i'm going to get quick and accurate service with a warm smile, greeting and farewell to boot.
If you need a solid local branch with consistent drive thru service, this is your place.
Bank of america as a whole sucks.
I closed down my bank account in person a year ago and it stayed open for some reason?
What a joke of a bank.
Service with a smile has always been the case, and i'm never just a customer.
If your money is in a bank, you're really missing out on the credit union membership experience.
Ricky montanez was my loan officer recently.
He spent so much time explaining my options and helping me with my loan.
I normally really like this bank.
So as far as banks go i really like it its quick and easy to pay my bills.
Customer service is great there!
Rc has lowest title loans in town.
Saved twelve hundred dollars over title max and money tree.
And the service was magical.
Seriously, worst bank to deal with.
If you aren't available during regular banking hours do not bank here.
The after hours service has limited banking capability and won't be able to assist.
There is absolutely no benefit banking with a credit union vs chase/bofa/usbank/wellsfargo.
Looks like i'm transferring my business back to a big bank that has more modernized capabilities to help customers 24/7.
That's the difference between a bank and a credit union, service, service, service.
And with better rates than a bank you cannot go wrong!
I knew there was a reason i didn't bank with b of a!
Went in with a friend to pay off their mortgage loan.
At least one big bank "gets it" but it's definitely not b of a!
The bankers here are very efficient and incredibly patient.
I had to fix something in one of my accounts and jeanette was thoughtful, thorough, and on point.
On the other hand, the other banker joe was also patient and efficient.
I've always received great customer service from the flagstaff and chandler branches.
However i've started going to this branch and the customer service is mediocre.
I love working with gateway bank!
A community, local bank is the way to go.
Example of awesome customer service: i had a meeting one afternoon to go down and discuss some accounts.
Banking can be unpleasant and stressful unless you've got people on your side who want to help you succeed.
I highly recommend gateway bank for your everyday, or business banking.
This is the branch where my account was opened, but it's close to my job.
Today i went to the di branch and had the unfortunate pleasure of being serviced by linda sue murphy.
She, in my opinion, needs a a lesson in customer service.
I opened an account at compass bank back in nm in 2002.
I go into the bank to inquire as to why and i'm told that i overdrew my account on friday.
"yes, but we take all charges out of your account before crediting any deposits at the end of the day".
"because it doesn't get credited to your account until all the charges have been taken out".
I've worked at banks.
Do yourself a favor...don't bank with compass.
I have a decent amount in my savings however my credit is horrible.
Got a loan within 25 minutes i highly recommend.
Been banking with ssscu for almost 20 years and have seen a major deterioration.
I wrote a formal letter with concerns regarding their excessive fees and horrible customer service - never got a response.
There was a time this bank cared about you as a person - not any more!
I am in the process of changing banks - moving all my direct deposits.
All banks have their issues but this one you may want to avoid.
Horrible service understaffed (always).
I'm currently looking for a new bank to run my business with.
Maybe that explains the complete lack of lines to do my banking!
This is a business bank, so you won't hear the ubiquitous "how's it going?"
Instead, your banking will be done quickly and professionally, leaving you to make the day your own.
I will be closing my account and i suggest you dont bank with these rude, insensitive people.
After trying to transfer money, he was told account was closed.
Hassle to open a new account!
Came to this bank a few weeks ago to withdraw some money.
I'd probably have gotten better service at a title loan store.
No it's your bank, it's like they switch the date the transactions clear to collect the over draft fee.
I work to hard for my money to be giving it away.
This bank is good a few of the things they do i view as unprofessional.
Usually have really long waits but has a separate line for business accounts.
After a little architectural magic, the next attraction is the small, but interesting, money museum.
The availability of service is great.
The most unsure responses i have ever heard from this bank.
The lady at the us bank asked me "can i put you on a brief hold"?
The foundation that i am a vice president of uses this bank.
The service is phenomenal and the fees are low.
If you have a business or non-profit organization, i highly recommend arizona business bank!!
I went there the first time to use the shared branch service for a deposit to my seattle credit union.
I was so impressed by the personal customer service i and later my wife opened accounts at intouch.
I often recommended intouch to other people because of the outstanding customer service.
Customer service out the window.
I again complained long and loud about the removal of human tellers and bad customer service.
So, i've started transfering my money to another credit union.
They may be saving a little money on their machine tellers, but they have lost me as a customer.
I have been banking with weststar credit union for several years.
I like the bank .
I feel inconvenienced by my bank.
I work in a career where i provide customer service.
Bad customer service and a typical financial institution trying to nickel and dime the consumer.
The customer service here is amazing!
They always want to talk to me about more services.
All my accounts were mixed up and i started getting all these service charges.
Additionally, during the holidays, there were two fraudulent charges made on my account totalling around $200.
Great customer service, timely, quick and efficient.
Not much to say, just a very straight forward bank with incredibly nice people.
First, their customer service is top notch!
He gave the best service of any banker i have dealt with in years!
A bank without bank tellers?!
This location offers a great customer service team, from management down.
Unlike the other reviewer that mentioned sunwest, a different lender approved my loan.
At no point did dave contact me and put pressure on closing the loan.
( in order to close the loan, all trusts have to be removed.)
I was younger just starting college and didn't make much money but still, they put holds on my checks.
It was soooooooooo frusturating so i closed my checking and savings account.
So glad i no longer have an account with this company.
They had some great displays about the history of money and the fed.
Best part was the free money* available at the end of the tour.
*free bags of shredded money.
I also have an auto loan here that gave me a lower rate than my main bank by 5 percent.
I like pnc bank as it is a real people friendly bank.
Called today because my merchant services was taking a week to deposit into my account.
I love coming to this bank!
This is a horrible place to keep your hard earned money.
The access to your account via online and other avenues is very poor.
Every time you want to access your account your must offer up your first born child...
I told her fine, i want to withdraw the balance and close the account".
Which she replied with attitude, "you want to close your account over $11.00?"
I did just that, removed all of my money.
I highly recommend the bank and this branch!
However, after some time, things got back on track and i paid off my loan.
Things went well and i felt good about using their services again.
I was charged an extended overdraft fee after i had the funds in the bank.
Got screenshots that there was no charge applied before my money was in your bank.
Probably the wells fargo bank in las vegas that i hit the most.
I rarely need to go inside the bank unless i have to transfer money to someones account.
In actuality, these people are saying they need to get money from an automated teller machine machine.
I hate big banks but if you have to choose one is go with wells fargo.
I'd definitely not choose to bank with these people, especially at this location.
We went to talk with a banker about a problem with our account.
I dont think i will be banking with boa any longer.
Checking is not free here...kinda thought that was the point of a member-owned credit union.
I might as well use a bank!
I went to this bank of america location today and was seen by a personal banker named anthony.
We needed to switch money between accounts.
I thought they are suppose to give great customer service to everyone not just members only.
The bank itself is well maintained and bright.
I just shut down all my accounts.
Customer service is out the window with this bank.
I did call to make sure they would release the lien since the loan was paid off months early.
This bank is very sloppy in their work.
I've had an account for about 5 or 6  months.
Today i discovered my mgmt company hacked my account to collect a $25 fee i refused to pay.
I have only hand writtenb a check or paid with a money order.
My only resort is to close the account.
And to eat the cost of the checks i ordered when opening the account barely 6 months ago.
The same monthly fees, the same crazy overdraft fees, and the same miserable tellers as most major banks.
This branch was all smiles when i opened my account but it all went downhill from there.
Also was denied a car loan even though my credit was good - by their own admission.
Worst customer service i think i have dealt with.
Wonderful service with an awesome staff!
Anyways, they have "free-ish" business checking, except for these dumb fees.
Everyone at this bank is so helpful!
I would recommend coming here if you want friendly service and assistance!
Accounts and 3 personal w/bofa that i'll be moving.
Nice customer service bofa.
I have come to this location four separate times to set up an account.
One of the coin machines was out of service, they were out of several soaps at the soap vending machine.
I read so much about the great service but the lone worker who was here was very indifferent.
Everyone go open an account with ssscu you wont regret it!
Chase was a good bank.
Chase has lost there customer service!!
Find a credit union and don't use this bank
The teller was equally friendly and helped me through a slightly tedious banking issue.
No hidden agenda just straight quality service.
She is great at her job and is eager to help and makes getting a home loan seamless.
I will definitely use pinnacle and caroline in the future if i need another home loan.
The worst branch to do any type of banking.
They want $6 per check even though the check is from a bank of america account.
Can't stand bank of america.
Ricky montanez the mortgage loan officer at this location is a horrible loan officer.
He did not give me the time of day when i tried to get a home loan.
Now bank of america wants me to refinance w them!
Customer service is outstanding.
I go there often and have had nothing but excellent service.
They just let him stand there and take a brutal beating by bank of america's crazy customers.
That is the only time i need to go into the bank b/c i use the app to deposit checks.
Everyone is friendly - great customer service - and that outweighs the atm.
The loans rates are very competitive, and we have always transferred car loans to here after purchase.
Cynthia and adriana were great with customer service!!
I can easily get my banking done on my lunch hour, which is no easy feat.
I cashed a government cheque and divided it between getting cash back and deposting into various accounts.
Cast iron gates block your access to the cash machines rendering this place a big brick paperweight after bank hours.
The scotiabank down the street has atms that jut out into the street.
What this place teaches me about myself: i can't handle bankers' hours.
Started charging a monthly "service charge" out of nowhere to my debit account (effective sept 2012).
I called their customer service department to inquire.
Looks like i'll be dropping my account with wells fargo and putting everything in ing direct.
This chase has the best service.
Couldn't get any money out and very where i went it was declined.
I need a bank that i can rely on in sticky situations.
So upset at this quality of customer service!
We just opened an account at cccu.
Because i have an account,  they want to hold it overnight.
If i had no account,  it would just be cashed.
This is poor practice and customer service is of no use.
I wish i had kept my accounts with bank of america.
Shared branching service constantly down.
Have done that with a real bank that actually cares about it's customers.
They have amazing mortgage services.
I even emailed the banker that helped me and he responded 3 days later!
I ended up not even opening an account with them because of how unprofessional it all was.
Friendly service, but but the staff could be quicker big inside and the drive through.
When they wouldn't help me i decided then that i was going to change which bank i use.
I have no second thoughts and can not wait to research other banks and set up an account with them.
Do not get an account with them because you will be disappointed in the service and the bank as well.
Probably the worst customer service for a financial institution.
Glad i bank with us bank, much better service and more accommodating.
Customer service is a hit or miss.
I had a vary bad experience at this banking center.
I went to pull out my money.
When the teller pulled up my account.
I told her that she is going to need her manager to pull out my money.
Then the manager told me that there is a hold my account and she can't do anything.
I told her that i went to other banks to pull out my money.
Then she told me to go to another banking center.
I have been using nevada state bank for a non-profit for which i serve as treasurer.
The customer service and ease of using online tools have been fantastic.
The bank is terrible .
I wish i could get my wife to change banks .
Second, why do we have three people greeting me and wanting to send me over to a personal banker .
And  third, no drive through banking .
Only 1-2 tellers work at a time, with branch manager hiding in the bank pretending to be busy.
Over a decade with this bank.
All funds and future funds transferred to a secure bank.
Bank of america are corporate thieves.
This rating is based on 3 years of service.
After opening account, i had to request credit and debit card 3 times.
However, 2 chequing and 2 tfsa accounts were opened, i am thinking by mistake instead of credit card requests.
When going through mortgage process, the bank rep - betty diotte was very disorganized and panicy.
Since joining rbc, i have specifically recommeneded coleagues and friends to join other banks.
Our service was prompt, professional and affordable.
What an awful bank.
A bit out of the way for my taste, but the ease of banking with them always brings me back.
I went to a branch today to withdraw from my account and found out they dont have any tellers anymore.
No more customer service.
They have 2 atm's out between the postal service side and the branch itself.
What can you really expect from a bank?
This bank does have one teller, ms. kitchens, who smashes the stereotype.
There is no future for her in banking.
I would have switched to washington mutual a long time ago except that it's a pain to switch banks.
I applied for a car loan online and it was denied the instant i clicked the mouse.
I have more money in the bank than the amount of the loan.
The bank sends you a form letter with an 800 number to find out why you didn't get the loan.
I ended up getting a loan elsewhere with better--that's right, better--terms.
I didn't close my account on principle because it doesn't make any difference to them.
Any bank will give you the same treatment.
Update: i finally closed my account.
Wells fargo says their free checking will never change.
Due to illness i had to take over my parents accounts at nsb.
I'm so thankful for her and would recommend her branch to anyone looking for that small bank experience.
This is a horrible predatory bank, which primarily markets itself to people with less than perfect credit.
Their knowledge of bank policy tends to be very sketchy.
Find a solid reputable bank for this can have a very negative impact on your financial condition.
For some reason national bank of arizona is showing up in two places on yelp.
They offered me a great deal on my auto loan  refinancing.
Went from 7.75% to 2.49% so i will be saving $$.
Very satisfied with david's service and will be recommending him to friends and family.
Such sucky service there!
They told me the account was closed and the release of lien done on july 10, 2017.
And many other incurance need.besides personal caring attentive service!
We recieved clames, money, help.
Have had bad service.
We live at other end of town...and he drives to our house to service our needs.above and beyond!!
Ok, so how do you give a review of a bank, let alone a good one?
"oh why don't you go and bank yourself" or "i got totally bank-faced last night!"
This is a new bank, clean and simple, chock full of young and keen staff.
They have an open door policy with their account managers so there generally isn't a need to book ahead.
The tellers are mostly keen to be there and the account managers always have a smile on their face!
If you live or work in the beltline, it's time to change banks!
I use them exclusively for their wash and fold service.
This establishment also offers self service laundry machines and dry cleaning.
Thank you for showing me that i don't matter and that my banking would be better taken somewhere else.
Shana gave awesome service!
The flamingo branch is my regular banking location.
Ive been banking with onenevada since 2013 and only recommend them to....everyone.
Reasonable rates, easy free online access and allpoint atms are what keep me banking here.
Very friendly and has the best customer service ever.
The machine gave me the money i needed so i was more the pleased!
I have never been to a bank where they work thru the line so quickly.
The service is beyond friendly and the staff is always attentive and eager to help.
I know that sounds kind of crazy but i miss some of the conveniences you have with a larger bank.
Twice now they have cheated me out of money by charging false nsf fees.
I feel like this bank is stealing from me.
Then charged nsf fees on the big payments even after i transferred money.
Twice i have called the bank and the girl was rude.
I have been in to see the bank manager but is conveniently never there and never calls back.
Stay away from this bank if you value your hard earned money.
I'll be closing all my accounts and credit cards first thing in the morning.
Teller withdraws the money and says it's closed on my end but i need to see a banker or call.
Instead of waiting in line to see another person i leave and call the bank.
They have absolutely no customer service and even coming from the "director of operations".
Sad enough to say i have closed all my accounts with them and regret ever banking here!
Stay away from this horrible credit union and their horrible customer service!
Worse service you can get.
Please stay away from this bank specially this branch.
This bank has plenty of parking but is difficult to get to because of the divided road.
Customer service is not helpful.
Money in the account and the card was declined.
Called customer service to find out what block was on the account or what transactions needed to be verified.
I have had accounts with other banks, and nfcu is by far the best.
They have great customer service and have helped me out with any financial issues.
I went in today to get approved for a loan to consolidate everything.
Great service, great people.
Also can't beat their interest rates for loans.
This is the worst run bank i've ever been to.
It is a bank and it is the main branch.
The main floor has over 10 banking service counters.
Why don't they install the indication light so as to make the service more efficient?
In front of you is a waiting area, to the right, are personal banker offices.
I love bank of america products and services.
Then when i go inside to sort it out they have conveniently closed what kind of service is that shit.
Very personable and very willing to help me in all areas of banking and credit repair.
I, hands down will recommend this bank to all my friends and family
Vince helped me out and did a awesome job   very professional and courteous   exceptional service
Beware of this bank!
I moved here 2 months ago and deposited my house escrow check in this bank.
This bank should be shut down.
Again, making more money off the customer.
There is a huntington bank commercial that pokes fun at another bank that charges tons of fee's.
I so want to pin a key bank name tag.
I don't know if this bank is under staffed but only one personal banker in this huge facility is ridiculous?
I had come in to close and open different bank account that b of a had set up on accident....
The bank is empty and there's only one person taking care of everything with a cue of about 6 people!
Pretty ridiculous.... and thank you for the ridiculous wait time of 40 minutes to see the only personal banker.
My wife has this bank because everyone at her work said its a good bank.
I could use that money for gas.
Don't waste your time with this bank.
It ain't worth the time and money.
Interest rates are low, great customer service and they don't cut off a limb if you ever have an incident!
The branches are always clean, you're in and out on all banking errands, no craziness.
Very helpful employees and awesome interest rates on car loans!
They have bankers who actually ask questions and help you.
This credit union isn't just about making money, they're about helping you.
I have to go inside and wait in order to withdraw money.
This has been one of my banks for about 5 years.
Their customer service is non-existent.
We do all our banking with desert schools and have been very pleased.
On july 25 we switched our auto loans there so we can have everything with them.
We have been with desert schools since we've moved here and been very happy with the service of this branch.
Terrible customer service, complete lack of intelligence for solving problems.
I was so frustrated with them i closed my account.
I am considering changing banks because of this reason.
Every time i want to access my account on line, i have a problem signing in.
Thank god i don't have an account here, leslie was very rude an not helpful at all.
I will never consider an account with us bank.
They work with payday loan companies!!!!
Avoid headache and stress because credit unions are payday loan lenders and will rip off the consumer !!!
We get into financial emergency and have no choice but to get payday loans.
Terrible service, slow moving lines with numerous employees standing around.
Don't bother banking here- you will hate it!
I opened both checking and savings account online using their website.
According to the representative, i had ten days to add funds to both accounts.
Good thing i had the money or both accounts would have closed down.
I've been to dozens of bank of america locations, but this one has the best service by far.
I loved banking here.. now they have put a crazy shared branching policy that nobody has heard of!
Great customer service he is a keeper!!?
When i went in to open my new accounts i was assisted by the branch manager.
I'm glad i selected this branch to bank with.
I call every month and do this and provide the act # for the joint checking.
I gave him my password for my account # but he refused to help me.
Isn't the point of a joint account so that we don't have to do that?
His horrible customer service makes me want to leave your bank & move my loans to other financial institutions.
(which we have already considered doing in the past because of horrible customer service).
Also, they offered me the best interest rate compared to the other banks wanting my business.
The hotel sent us to a ghetto neighborhood originally in which we were approached by thugs asking for money.
Clean facility, safe neighborhood and great service.
They bought national city bank and service completely went in toilet.
Starting out slow and getting the hookah service was a great way to start.
The loan terms were pretty straightforward too.
"well you definitely won't be loaning with us again, you've certainly shut that door on yourself".
Thank you for the awesome customer service!
Literally one of the worst banks i have ever dealt with.
I get charged completely outrageous fees and customer service is completely a joke.
This bank is terrible.
Although the employees are nice the bank itself is horrible.
I fought with them for weeks and received zero customer service or correspondence.
Never use us bank for anything.
Awesome awesome customer service
My wife and i banked at b of a for years.
Which is why we started banking with desert schools.
Desert schools has also made some technological strides even in the few years that we've been banking with them.
I would not recommend this bank to anyone and would highly suggest anyone using them find another banking partner.
Having dealt with hundreds of banks over the years, i have never encountered such a horrible experience on all sides.
Came into the branch for a signature verification service.
Returned on monday with the requested documents only to be told the service was only available by appointment.
I'm glad i chose this company to go to for a loan.
He was so very helpful and went above and beyond is call of duty of customer service thanks again scott
Chase bank stole $11,000 dollars from me on one occasion and 1,500 dollars from quickpay!!!
I used their merchant services (paymentech) for all online transactions on our websites.
They refuse to give me a reason for this and none of my bankers can get an answer either.
Bank of america is blaming chase and chase is blaming bank of america.
If you bank with chase, run for the hills!
I highly recommend the bank and this branch!
Before i even took the money & completed slip out of my purse and "what's this for?
I wouldn't bring my accounts here if it was the last bank standing.
I've been with nsb bank for a very long time.
Mind you this check isn't for a lot of money.
It's called customer service and it doesn't involve a team of lawyers.
The 800 customer service rep. heidi was the most helpful.
My entire family has banked with them for decades but this was the last straw for me.
You'll also be charged a high monthly fee for not maintaining a fairly hefty balance in your checking account.
Wish i would've went to rapid cash before the other stupid loan place i went to.
We figured we were safe parking here to go to the bank.
I waited in the car as my boyfriend left to do his banking.
She walked me through step by step on the process of how to handle my account.
All in all linda was a perfect example of someone providing excellent customer service.
I came in to close my account months ago and they never did.
Then i was charged overdraft fees because of monthly service fees.
The account still was not closed.
As a result, i ended up losing some money.
The girls are nice and if you complain they will give you money to wash again.
This bank must have hired  the absolute lowest efficient workers..............it is amazing!
My girlfriend was having problems with an unnamed but nearby competing bank that has been treating her poorly.
Julio is very knowledgeable about many of boa products and services.
Best customer service you'll find at a financial institution!!
After being asked 100 and 1 questions the branch manager finally went thru on closing the accounts.
They informed me that if someone had my my account numbers the limit didn't apply.
They also informed that it could also effect my husband's credit as he is an authorized user on the account.
Good, please close my accounts!!!
Now i'm aware the teller took it upon herself to make him an authorized user on my account.
I can only speak for the tailoring service, so take that into consideration on this review.
Have never been accosted at the door by an over-eager banker (?)
Before, trying to"introduce me to me wells fargo services".
The drinks are expensive, so save your money and give it to the girls.
I first found out about pinnacle mortgage solutions on the bankrate website.
The best part of the whole experience, of course, was the rock bottom settlement charges for a loan over $400k.
And the service woman and manager were the worst.
I really cant believe how bad the customer service is here.
I work in the customer service industry and i know bad service when i see it.
I waited about an hour to get help with a banker.
The other bankers wouldn't even look over to us in the waiting area.
The other bankers were also very rude and didn't want to even greet us even though we're just standing there.
But i'll never be coming back to this bank.
I have used both their fluff and fold and dry cleaning services and have never had one.
Services are completed in a timely manner and at a great price.
Plus you can't beat the 24 hour service!
Usually in clubs we see managers making rounds checking on people and i felt there was a lack of that.
While i have had some helpful service representatives from this place...i swear i have the worst issues with my account.
The point of the credit union switch was that they would be better with service and more for the customer.
Now my account transactions and bill pays have gone haywire!
Epitome of "banker's hours!"
I had a very straightforward refinance with excellent credit and a loan amount less than 60% of the appraised value.
Pinnacle will not actually be servicing my loan, so it is yet to be seen how well that goes.
(note to the wise, don't put money in your mouth, it was probably in someone's vajay.)
Worst bank/cu i've ever used.
I come to this chase bank about twice a week to deposit checks for the business i work for.
It seemed like she was the one who wasn't accommodating and really shouldn't work in an area for customer service.
The amount of services provided by this credit union is astonishing.
It truly is a one stop shop for all your banking needs and then some.
What really impressed us was the service we were provided by teller gina and branch manager ron.
I don't know where to start about these guys except to say chase bank = worst bank ever.
I had no choice become a customer of these crooks because they bought my home loan from another company.
If i had a choice, chase bank would be my very last choice.
They truly don't care, they make their money off of late fees and tricky practices.
If you're thinking of banking with chase, just don't, they truly suck.
I've been banking there for eleven years!
They made me to go wf for my sba loan years ago.
They are in the business of making money for themselves and they are good at it.
Just say no and save yourself time and money.
The wonderful lady that help me open my new account she was witty and quick, i honestly enjoyed my visit.
This location does not care about customer service.
I don't know why i have not switched to bank of america yet.
If you're looking for a new bank.
Evan pierce, the loan officer that helped me with my auto loan, was absolutely amazing.
I submitted an online application and he called me less than 5 minutes later to start finalizing the loan.
It only took 10 minutes to sign my loan documents and get the check.
Travis helped me open my savings account to become a member, and he was also wonderful!
Overall, i've had a great experience with cccu and i highly recommend them for their rates and customer service.
So i applied on line to capital one, they approved a $30,000 auto loan, which i didn't use.
After this experience i had with one nevada i withdrew $5,000+ from my savings & checking accounts.
Now they have $5.01 in my savings & $11 in my checking, which to loan you.
With their new upgraded computer system, i can not get into my account on a regular basis.
I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan i had with them without my permission!!
Tomorrow, i will be pulling out the rest of my cd money bec.
Who knows where else they will decide to put my money.
The individuals at this location aren't bad, though i have had better customer service experiences at the dmv.
This branch has pretty bad customer service.
Either way this place was a fail because of their customer service.
When someone is upset by being mistreated and given terrible service you don't make excuses and don't throw attitude.
West star allowed $500.00 to be taken out of my checking account without my permission.
Poor service, have been member for 25# years, seriously considering where to move my funds.
Ok, ok, here's a joke... how many bank of america employees does it take to answer a phone...
I will switch credit unions because i do not trust the people through facetime with my account information.
Has given me issues since i opened an account .
If i can't access my account then there is no point of having one with this bank !
Today was a pleasant visit when my parents and i had some banking to do.
The advisor helped us with our banking pleasantly and was friendly.
You can get rid of all your coins for free and it goes directly into your bank account.
After years of enduring this bank i am finally switching.
My money was stolen on multiple occasions right out of my account.
I still get emails years later now that say you just logged into your account.
They understand you just want to take care of your banking needs and go.
It has that small bank feeling, but has speedy service.
This is really no longer a bank.
They don't want people coming into the bank to do banking.
The bank is now set up as a brokerage office.
They want to help you invest in the stock market, not to deposit money into your checking account.
I chose to call from the bank.
Don't go to bank of america if you're interested in doing banking.
Go there if you want commisioned sales people to advise you on how to invest in their fee-loaded accounts.
Worst place ever i am closing my account!
I've never had more headaches with banking until now with this shit hole!
I like not having to exchange money for a bunch of quarters.
The first time i was in there, i was opening a checking and savings account.
Another time i came by, was to open an account for my son's birthday.
Being only one one year old, i need to be the one controlling the account.
She even linked my account to his so i could transfer straight to it.
What great customer service!
My mother and sister are on a joint account.
There was no late payments on the account and there was no issues with her credit card.
She said ' we are not a bank and that's not how we do business"....wtf!!!
If you want to bank like you're in the 90s this is the place to do it.
I wasn't impressed and we closed the account within a year.
Laudry service is 5, place is just 2
Take your money elsewhere
I would suggest finding another bank.
Some disappointments about my experience with keybank: (1) their customer service phone number is only open 8 hrs/day, 5 days/week.
(3) they make money off of fees, so be pretty careful about that.
(4) keybank doesn't support ach transfers unless you have online banking.
(5) keybank handle renewals of cds in an annoying way.
Worst bank/credit union ever!!
I only wanted to make a cash payment on my husbands auto loan and they wouldn't let me do it.
No wonder you guys are going down the drain your customer service sucks!
Not designed to be a walk in friendly bank.
Now, it's becoming a pain to bank here.
I had plenty of money in my account so i knew it had to be a bank problem.
I am not happy about this at all and i think it's time to switch banks.
I only opened an account here because my husband loves credit unions.
If you are looking for convenience, then this bank is not for you.
I hate this bank.
Yes yes and yes.. so duhhhhh switched the accounts that we had.. that is the business side.
Thank you for the excellent services.
We have a $80,000 auto loan with this company and omg, from day one have had nothing but problems.
Yes the interest rate is great but the lack of professional customer service is lacking from the ground up!
To make a telephone payment on this loan $10.00 fee!!
One late fee (which occurred because they changed their name and my bank wasn't notified) cost me $67.00.
This bank is operating as if its 1960 and in the wild west.
I wanted to patronize this bank about year ago when i moved her.
The people who bank here seem to enjoy the experience.
I now have a relationship here and i will experience what the service is like.
My 1st impression is this is a credit union stretching to conduct itself as a bank.
The only advice i would share with the bank is customer service.
But what makes a company stronger is good customer service.
The lady who served me was polite just needs basic customer service training.
I need my bank statements for february to complete a short sale.
They're full service too, which is cool.
Definitely the #1 bank in my opinion.
I come back tuesday and there is a sign stating that it is out of service, so i leave again.
Please work on your customer service skills!
Well read the other reviews of this bank.
I have been in here several times and always had good customer service.
As an adult, it is the only place i'd prefer to keep my money.
They may tell you sbga inc ( small business growth alliance)  but they are the same company as  merchants servicers.
I been told " it comes with service " but they are charging me $59.99 a month for clover.
When i got the first bill i called their customer service.
They have about 5 or 6 customer servicer representatives who handle everything from billing to technical support.
Tried to wire money today.
Ive had one nevada as my bank since my first paycheck.
They only require $5 to open a savings account, have great loan rates and very friendly employees.
Incredibly helpful customer service.
Really friendly and great customer service.
I know, at first sight you may think: a money museum!!
I made my own money both electronically and with paper and crayon.
The best one is probably the bag of shredded money.
Needed customer service on a recent visit to discuss investing.
Horrible company and customer service!!
They do not cover closing costs, they just roll it up in the loan like every other lender.
The staff here are unfriendly and don't know what customer service is.
I don't recommend coming here if you don't need to, nor do i recommend switching banks here.
The worst customer service i have ever received at a bank.
I just moved out here and i only have a valid i'd card and about to forms or banks cards.
Which any other bank takes to cash one of there own checks.
Even a guy who banks there had trouble getting his money like me n him we lost are driver's lic.
I took the bus there with the last bit of my money n since i couldn't cash it .
Thank fully i had someone deposit money into my bank card and i walked to use another banks atm.
I wish i had read these reviews before completing a loan application with these people.
By far the worst customer service i have ever experienced.
Do not bank with these people, they do not care about their customers at all
I've paid off loans with other companies before but never with so much hassle.
If you are looking for a loan provider, i'd go with another bank.
Nevada state bank itself, i'm starting not to care for.
Hense me banking w/them now for 4+ years and counting...
But the entire process was quick and efficient, and service was provided by friendly staff.
Money changers exchange paper money for quarters.
You just don't get that level of service at most places, let alone banks.
Wish i had this level of service back home!
The service provided was quick.
Home loan refi: they give you this "conditional loan approval" letter and you think you're nearly home.
They made my money completely unavailable .
Pick a bank that you can find across the united states.
I applied to refinance my home with a va loan,which i've done a few other times at different banks.
This is the worst chase bank.
Not a check from another bank.
So i went out an asked the service guy what can we do?
If your thinking about a bank account stay far away cuz you never know when you bummer is gonna come.
This bank can't accommodate that.
While in back they were walking him to atm to get more money without my knowledge.
I almost think he gave them the code and they stole money themselves.
When i saw his bank account i was pissed.
I began banking with them through the financial guidance center that helps you start up a business.
Went to the bank with the proper authorization to withdraw the funds and close the account.
After about a year of statements i finally opened one and learned the account was still open and held $200.
I contacted the bank to verify and clarify the situation and they confirmed it was open.
I relocated and returned to the bank to close the account.
"fgc" spoke with the manager and confirmed and they still refused to close my account.
Macu is a great credit union to bank with.
They always have great low rates on everything from auto loans to credit cards.
Thank you for your service here in the neighboring laundromat.
I'm going back to chase bank this is ridiculous.
Their mobile app doesn't work their customer service sucks.
This bank is not the easiest bank to deal with.
My account has been open less than a month and there has been nothing but issues.
She also helped me at 4:30 after i got off work when the bank closed at 5.
I went in to start up a new checking account last week and sat with josie r. she was amazing!
The worst bank ever so far, zero costume service.
They steal ur money little by little just in fees!!
Stephanie is the best thing to happen to this branch and any bank.
I have never had a bank experience like this before.
I'm usually not a fan of "big banks" but stephanie has made the transition smooth as butter.
Everything  a bank should not be
There's a drive up atm and when i need services inside the staff is always friendly and smiling.
I have been banking with mountain america for 5 years now.
I use them for everything from car loans to home loans to general banking.
Cleveland is my fifth in my quest to "collect" all of the federal reserve banks.
I been here few times where i had to interact with tellers, loan offices and branch manager.
So far i have had pretty good experience as far as service goes.
This is the worst bank i've ever banked with in my entire life!!!!!
I am very careful about my spending money so to have three overdraft fees seems absolutely ridiculous!!!!
Everyone should do themselves a favor and skip this bank when considering their banking options!!!
We opened our son an account.
Which the gentlemen at this bank said he wasn't able to do anything..
I told her i was messing up her income and excused myself so she could get that money.
Just remember that when you come get it's get that money from everyone you encounter.
Not only is this building breathtaking, it is also an amazing place to learn about the history of money.
One nevada has good rates on car loans but that's it.
Don't bother banking with them.
They have no money at any of the locations.
They make you use an atm for any money related transactions.
This bank has left me more than frustrated.
I didn't get my money back i quit trying.
Luckily it wasn't for a lot of money.
Long wait times and poor customer service!
I needed this, as i was disoriented by the decided un-bank-like appearance inside.
The bank is nice but slow !
My family loves how it feels more like a small town bank.
And going inside just to take money out takes 30 minutes
I want sharp, motivated bankers who are eager to help me manage my accounts.
I walked in yesterday around 1pm to open a new account.
I ended up going west on main st for a mile or so, to a competing bank.
The bankers i found are personable, work with a purpose, and have great follow up communication.
They hang onto your money for as long as possible.
The person from westlake oh who writes so favorably about keybank obviously works there.
I have multiple and joint accounts.
I went back inside and had him transfer my deposit to the correct account.
I had an issue with an old account and a new deposit coming to that old account.
Travis then went out his way to call me when my account was approved to be opened.
All this happened in two days for my long overdue return to hit my account.
Friendly and fast service.
Wow i have been banking since this was washington mutual years back and he was right.
Royal bank of canada proves to be discriminatory again!
A black mark royal bank of canada!
I have had accounts with this bank for several years and always an issue.
Now they're telling me they won't give me new login and password after they changed their online banking system.
Gonna close my accounts with them
The facility is clean and has all the amenities and the service is excellent.
Cold hearted, money hungry, fearful paranoid lying thieves.
However, employees/customer service people are kind and supportive.
My account went low on funds iadvertently and i was not aware of the limit on my account.
I am watiing for such a bank and i would move in a heartbeat.
Small time bank with big bank feel.
If you have an account there, watch it 24/7 because they will charge you for anything and everything they can.
I am closing this account and going to wells fargo.
I've had my boa/amex credit card for decades and have always gotten great service.
Very nice gal and i could tell immediately she had great customer service.
What 5 star service!
I've actually been told by customer service reps at utility, airline, medical, credit card companies, etc.
They have good rates on loans, etc..
Never had a fee on my account.
Chase is all about money.
I have banked with them since it was washington mutual.
Terrible customer service and sub-par services.
Liz & kevin worked hard to earn the business and provide exceptional customer service.
Honestly the worst in customer service they never help me.
Best customer service i've never had.
However, a banker "nick" helped me patiently and i could leave this branch with a smile.
They are the bottom feeders of the banking industry.
That doesn't really seem like customer service to me.
I didn't even have the money in my account for that!!!
So think twice before you open that new checking account.
We financed our new vehicle and had outstanding customer service with richie smith.
So glad my husband and i decided to leave the traditional banks and go the credit union path.
Bank of america redefines all that is wrong in the banking system today.
I came in just looking for information to refinance my auto loan .
Jackie martin was so helpful that i even filled out an application to apply for a new loan.
I look forward to coming back to open a new account with jackie.
The service was great.
So almost at the end of the closing day, the loan went through.
But i have to stress that service was great.
He worked efficiently and professionally to try to get my loan approve with the lender.
We fell on hard times and took out a loan.
The accounting department they speak of consist of only one person!
We were opening a number of accounts and made me glad we are doing business with chase.
I've had account balances ranging from $100 to $75,000 in a single account.
I've had multiple credit cards from boa and invested thousands in savings and cds.
At this time i proud to annouce that i will finally be leaving bank of america for good.
We fell on hard times and took out a loan.
The accounting department they speak of consist of only one person!
Great service and friendly staff!
I enjoy visiting this location for all of my banking needs.
Bank of america offers great options for everyone from savings accounts to home loans.
For helping us with our new home loan.
I'd highly recommend using cccu for your next home loan, refi, and financial needs.
Shocking lack of customer service.
By far the worst bank ever.
Walked in, got an account with no issues in less than 30 minutes.
Im very disappointed in my experience as i have just switched to chase looking for a new bank.
They lend u money.
I wouldn't really want to bank anywhere else.
They now have one and this morning it as out of service,!,,!,!
We had eddie didio write up our prequal for a home loan.
I recently opened an account with pnc, and the process was easy.
They walked me through step-by-step in selecting which accounts would benefit me the most.
Since the summer of 2005, i have been banking with bank of america.
Through all of the garbage, i have always been a staunch supporter of them and an advocate of their services.
And in general, their services are really much better than the competition.
And despite my multiple calls to their cordial customer service, everyone seems to not be empowered to resolve my issues.
After one year, they still get money from my bank till i receive mail from them.
I have been with nevada state bank for over 12 years now.
I have both my business and personal accounts here, as well as my car loan.
Worst bank i've ever been involved with.
You'd be better off keeping your money on your front door step
Soo annoying , either you can't deposit or you can't withdraw money out .
Great bank, believe it was the newest bank in fountain hills.
Opened an account at credit union and it was free!
They have a atm for after hours banking and they're next to my favorite frozen yogurt place in downtown summerlin.
Michael did a great job at getting us a home loan quickly.
Need training on things such as opening different savings accounts.
My real issue is not with this very small branch but us banks in general.
I have had this account less then 1year and have had nothing but issues!
Definitely wouldn't use us bank if i knew this garbage before.
Beautiful historical chase bank location.
I had dreams about this bank as a kid.
The worst bank location i've dealt with in my entire life.
They even spelled my name wrong on my account when opening(but that was another location).
This is a locally-based community bank in south charlotte that really focuses on customer service.
My friend has a business account here and i have been on several occasions to make deposits for him.
I am seriously considering switching all of my accounts over from the big bank i currently use.
All in all, if you are looking for a smaller bank with more personal service, you should check them out.
Worst service bank ever.
I explained my concern and position on a problem i had with my account.
Nice clean location but lack of assistance from the personal bankers in the office.
Little did they know my husband and i planned to open new joint accounts with them.
Completely unacceptable to have multiple people available to give service but not performing.
In advertizing they claim they will obtain competing offers for mortgage loans.
However, the scam is that they want to place the loan themselves.
This, after accepting $1.75 billion in taxpayer tarp money that has not been repaid.
I had a wonderful experience at this bank.
Needed a bank draft but my home branch is up north.
They gladly helped me obtain a bank draft, and were pleasant and funny.
Worst customer service i've ever had to deal with.
I beg you, don't trust bank of america ever !!!
I have banked with many credit unions, and this is by far the worst one!
Their fees and penalties are just like the big banks, and they are very inflexible when dealing with customers.
Take your money elsewhere.
I love it when a banker respects my time and my business.
I waited at the door until they opened, promptly and needed to open another account.
Very friendly and customer service is key!
The team has a lot to offer their customer in loan and personal finance help.
I had accounts for a couple of rental properties.
Plus i was also getting charged $5 a month for each account.
When i asked the condescending (male) teller about the fee, he said all banks charge this.
If you open an account, make sure you know all the fees.
Bank of america is racist!
It should not matter the color of your skin and the language you speak when it comes to customer service.
I didn't know that donald trump was on bank of america's board of directors!
I am moving my business account to another bank!
It took chase less than 30 days to accomplish what us bank couldn't do in 4 months.
Unlike us bank, chase's loan process is efficient and not run by a bunch of idiots.
Also, every time i have banking needs and questions, they're always available to help and answer
My husband and i went in today to do some basic banking.
We both have separate accounts but wanted to just add my name to his account.
We make that bank money and they don't have time to talk to us?
I refused to make an appointment with them as i will be taking my banking elsewhere.
This is not the first time we have had horrible service with bank of america.
I will be going to the location on power on monday to close my accounts with them.
Congratulations bank of america.
You just missed out on money from credit cards, car loans and a mortgage we are ready for.
A low rate and a huge savings too, thank you.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
We cannot day enough about maximum title loans.
The teller just crossed off the end of the name and initialed it without changing the account number.
We let the branch manager know what had happened and he later called the woman who withdrew the money.
We went to the bank to make a payment.
Yes, we know we went in right before the bank closes but i felt the rule is excessive.
One of the worst customer service experiences ever.
They talked to me about a business loc and a checking account.
If this is how they handle financial matters, there is no way they are getting any more of my money.
Pick a financial partner that can handle money and cares about their customers.
I was not pleased with the service not would i ever recommend anyone to you... not even my worst enemy!!!!
For a person with no income, i sure spend a lot of time at the bank.
Something even funnier than that is, this isn't my primary bank.
Being able to do so, without an account here, makes me happy.
And smiling helpful faces make me even happier, while i place their money in my purse.
Not always had such bad customer service, but tbis past year has gone down.
For one, this credit union has gotten fee happy, just like a bank.
They also are very inflexible on their loan payment terms, and are martinets about it.
They said they would not sweep my account for a loan payment.
They did, and as a result, my account ended up in the hole.
They're no different than a corporate bank
I am looking at looking to bank with someone else.
Don't go here for your banking.
Their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent.
Also beware of their popmoney fee.
I tried using the service without success and was forced to cancel the transaction.
Moral of the story: research banks before you leave one and join another.
Best banking staff i have ever come in contact with.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
This is why i dont bank with wells fargo...ever!
Opening an account is easy.
The staff is pleasant although i think truliant has better customer service.
The issue i had with sharonview is not with this branch but the credit union's bill pay service.
It took 5 days for my car payment to make it to one of the big 3 banks.
I have had car loans, home mortgage loans,  equity loans, and personal loans, as well as savings products with them.
I am still with desert schools through branch banking and never plan to change.
I really do not get why people like that have jobs in customer service at all!
Overall services was great.
I would definitely recommend banking with one nevada!
This bank is ok.
Huge bank....and i'm not a huge company fan.
I like service and wf tends to drop the ball here.
Half the time the stupid thing is "out of service" or just doesn't work.
Go to a bank that respects its customers with a working atm.
Good luck trying to login and see your account balance on their website.
Have an account with bank of america for years.
Account in good standing , no balance etc.
When i called they said my account was closed.
I've been banking with az federal since i was maybe 16 because my parents had accounts here.
24 hour customer service, free checks, and the best part... no monthly fees.
Gonna close this dumb account & switch all my banking to discover bank.
But really, bank of america deserves:  -350, 000,000,000 stars  bank of america is a cut throat financial institution.
And although this seems adequate enough, 2 tellers serviced the same patrons for at least 20-30 mins, minimum!
Horrible customer service; you can do better
So if you are a prospective buyer in need of loan please do not hesitate to call david or danielle.
I was told i needed $5000 to avoid a service fee.
Shannon b. high pressures me like no car salesman on the planet to open an account.
I relent so she won't charge me $40 to cash my tax check but don't fund the account.
At some point colonial pisses me off and i fund the account only to be triple charged by virgin mobile!
Meanwhile they charge me $500 in overdraft fees using their enron style accounting system!
Shannon b. says i had a car loan with them back in 2000 which is impossible!
Offered me a refinance on my car loan, credit score almost 700, declined, bad hard hit to my score.
What happened to customer service???
Friendly service and a speedy drive-thru!
Already having pnc accounts separately made it super easy to just have a joint account added for us.
I enjoy the personalized service you receive.
Just by banking there i get additional discounts at other business.
Educated me on my finances and help me set up a savings plan to get back on track.
My advise, just check your bank and a few other banks directly.
I've been with this bank since the 1990s, but they've gotten way too big.
I've reported them to cfpb and hope to get my money back monday.
Once again, horrible customer service.
I had a problem with my account and was treated and talked down to by (jessica) a personal banker.
This is a killer bank in general, but this branch takes service to a whole new level.
The company should model its service ideals around this location and britney especially.
I went to the banking institution located in magnolia in burbank, ca to deposit a small amount of cash.
I filled up the deposit slip with all the information including my bank account which i know by heart.
I knew the wait will be too long but i don't want my hard earned money sitting in my purse.
Officers of this bank are plain dumb and stupid.
It's probably the reason why you're bank is going down the drain.
I have several financial accounts with banks and credit unions.
I only had 200 dollars total in the twcu account.
Now they will not shut down my checking account with 200 dollars and give my money back.
Do not bank here they have horrible uneducated employees and you will definitely be compromised on line.
If you want to have bad credit and owe these people 1000's of dollars by all means use this service.
Do not give these  people a dime of your money.
I called the customer service then found out the replacement card was closed before it even reached my house.
The card will only go out after a human physically reviewed the account and gave it the approval.
Overall great union to bank with!
They refuse to get my money back.
Where is the money!!?
Boa has the worst customer service.
I do not recommend going to this @cibc branch if you are in need of a loan.
I've tried to deal with their financial services representative on consolidating my loans against the equity on my house.
The branch financial services representative didn't offer me any alternatives, just that "we were unable to continue this loan application".
I'm pondering switching to a new bank completely.
I've been banking with them for about two years.
See paul t. for your personal banking needs.
I always have a great time speaking with the bank tellers.
We tried to be proactive and free up cash by refinancing his truwest auto loan.
They refused saying that we could not afford the loan.
We know we can't afford the loan, that's why we are trying to modify it.
Finally we ran out of money and like everyone else went into foreclosure.
Never got ripped off by a thief and a bank at the same time.
I used boa as my secondary bank, nfcu being my first.
I'm closing my account and just putting all my money in nfcu.
I just spent $75 to keep $500 in my little dinky account.
And wasn't approved after another manager tells me to go sign a loan..
The branch manager should not be in customer service nor her assistant manager.
I'll be closing my account with this credit union due to this branch..
I was just checking rates and it turned out as an application.
**business customer** this has to be one of the worst banks in las vegas.
While waiting for my turn i had all of my deposits ready with banking slips.
I'm thankful i personally don't bank here.
Not a bad bank..
Would recommend if your trying to repair/build credit, start with a checking account from one nevada credit union!
Thank you very much for helping us switch from safeco and saving us $884 a year.
Came here to get some money out and the machine wouldn't take my card.
Hope i don't lose all my money.
Gee, thanks us bank.
Time to switch banks.... again.
Of note recently, i used their mortgage specialist, jon dedeaux & relationship banker, jillian james.
Both gave excellent, professional, knowledgeable service, were available for appointments and efficient at their specialties.
Thank you to both for the time spent assisting me with my various banking needs.
When i opened my account, i specifically checked the "no overdraft" option that would reject any transaction.
The online paperwork kept unchecking the box (hmm shady).
The employees here are friendly and go over and above with their customer service.
I cannot tell you how much i appreciate her personal service - especially in the very middle of christmas.
This bank is the worst for service and accurate information!
This is the bank of america corporate headquarters ladies and gentlemen!
Personally, the second they unfreeze all my accounts for unexplained fraudulent activity i'll be the first to change banks!
I chose boa because more bank machines in europe and all of belize accepted their cards... but i'm over it!
Bank of hawaii here i come!
Joanna helped me open a new checking account and explained the many services available from the credit union.
She helped open up a bank account, and gave excellent service!
Looking forward to banking with one nevada
I very rarely go in to the banking center.
I do most of my banking online.
Parking is pretty horrible at this location, as there is nothing directly in front of the bank.
Instead of helping you out, they give you every excuse for you not to open an account there with them.
Sophia needs customer service classes asap!
The first time i used the drive thru was for a deposit (what i normally do) for my business account.
I'v never been asked that at any branch i've been to other than the time i opened my accounts.
The bank it self (us bank as a general business bank) is ok.
U.s. bank is terrible.
Their atm's malfunction, take your money and it takes 10 days to get it back.
Their customer service is horrible and worthless.
They care nothing about the customer and have a standard of service below zero.
Bankers are nice but it took 45 mins to get a very basic cashiers check.
They obviously need to train there bankers better on basic procedures.
When a bank can thank you by your first name that makes me want to come back and bank here.
Worst customer service ever.
Here at the bank and there are 10 people in line and only 1 f'ing teller.
I closed all my accounts because everything about your company is terrible.
Your customer service, your policy, your "managers," everything.
My last nerve was when you were the only bank who tried to charge your customers to use the atm.
You're charging us to take our own money.
There is a reason why businesses are leaving chase bank.
Services for businesses are diminished and there is no interest in making any transactions easy.
This is how banks make money, with deposits.
Add the business line back in provide the banking service such as notary and add staff not machinery.
I have a card but i want to work with a teller or a banker.
I want to have access to services not excuses.
I've been handling a relatives estate and noticed that she had an account with this credit union.
I met with banker tyler gardner.
I grew up coming to this bank with my mom and opened a checking/savings account after my 18th birthday!!
One of the newer machines that count the money jammed with 18 one hundred dollar bills!
I've done 2 credit builder loans that were very helpful in repairing my credit!
I will continue banking here probably forever!
The customer service has been poor to so so 90% of the time.
If you need a loan of any kind, don't bother.
Worst bank i have ever been to.
No wonder the bank only had one customer for the time i was there.
What happened to customer service?
Front counter for service is gone, replaced with a interactive computer.
Counter is tucked away and combined with the drive thru banking.
If that is what you are looking for in a bank, then tvmhb, inc is right up your alley.
Worst bank i've ever dealt with.
I was ill and couldn't deposit funds into my account.
My account went negative because of a fee related to a return of an automated withdrawal.
I could not talk to anyone with authority at the bank.
I've dealt with several banks and this bank has the most onerous fee schedule i've ever encountered.
She signed me up for my bank account and was really just amazing.
This is a warning to anybody who is taking out a loan from alaska usa federal credit union.
I was assuming that the excess amount would be charged to the principal of the account.
This is a warning to anybody who is taking out a loan from alaska usa federal credit union.
And especailly jill, i just love her customer service and the way she treats me everytime i see her.
I needed to add an account and jamie was very helpful.
Banking and shopping in one stop!
No wonder i personally bank with chase....smh
Max was a pleasure who went out of his way to help me out with my banking needs.
He really knows what customer service is all about
This review is just about their service.
Keep up the good work...this is my favorite citibank branch.
Brian b is fantastic  he helped me open my new account  and also is in the process of helping.
Me with a auto loan  he answered all my questions  and explained everything to me  thanks
We wanted to sign up for direct deposit but the employer couldn't find this bank's routing number in the system.
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
He was very friendly and helpful will be doing banking with this bank.
The kicker is there's no way to close your account or stop being harassed, even after you click "unsubscribe".
Bank of america sucks!!!!!!
Just opened a new account with them and i'm waiting for my direct deposit to kick in.
I should have deposited in my navy federal account had i known this was going to happen!
They are way better and will be switching my direct deposit back to a bank i can trust.
I had fraudulent activity on my account.
I love this bank and all of the tellers.
I opened an account with them when i was in high school or my first year at unlv.
I was able to get my first credit card and first car loan through them.
The service is top notch!
This bank is terrible!!
I would never personally bank with bank of america.
I've banked at busey for twenty years and have had excellent service from tellers, loan agents and personal bankers.
I came in at 4:30 in the afternoon to open an account with a significant amount of money.
She claimed they do not open any accounts after 4:00pm.
I had driven quite a distance and was unable to get the account i came in for.
I know great customer service because i worked in that industry for a long time, and this was great service.
Bank of america customer for over 10 years.
'you'll have to contact bank of america mastercard.'
Great place to bank!
Great rates on loans and easy process!
I've been banking here for 7 years since moving to the area.
I get terrible service here each and every time.
I've had a distant (as much as possible) relationship with bank of america for the past 10 years.
Hands down, this is the worst bank that exists.
Can't wait for this bank to get up-ended by better customer service banks!
Save yourself the hassle and pick a different bank to do business with!!
I currently have a vehicle loan through them which i have had no issues with.
But the service that latoya gave me was phenomenal!
Just from her great service is the reason why i rate this branch 5 stars.
I highly recommend this credit union to anyone looking to get a loan or have a checking account.
Much better than any bank in town.
1 1/2 hrs in line at bofs bank of shit.
Complete bullshit @ will be closing all accounts with these assholes.
What an ordeal i just went through with bank of america and their own appraisal company, land safe.
I hope you are seeing this before choosing bank of america.
Citi bank is hands down one of the best banks in vegas.
Other major banks want to charge you fees left and right.
This is the best bank i've ever been with.
I've never seen or heard of any other bank that will take care of their customers like this.
I wish i could rate a zero star, this is the worst chase bank that exists in arizona.
2 tellers and 1 banker.
She had taken out $40.00 from her account at the atm and they allowed it.
So i came up with the money to put in the account to stop any more fees.
There was a customer in the bank when i got mad about this.
She said were do you bank that this does not happen.
In general bank of american has been a user friendly bank thus far.
However, the phone customer service is one of the worst services i have ever experimented in a bank.
Being such a large financial institution should improve their services.
High checking account fees.
Poor customer service, you can do better.
It is more than obvious they sell your information to third parties with no intention whatsoever for a loan consideration.
I got 2 emails declining my loan application from the only two lenders they offered within 5 min of submission!
Absolutely automatic responses with no intention for giving loans.
These guys don't do anything but collect your money.
I walked into the bank today di/durango and needed a wire transfer it was urgent.
I've been with wellsfargo for so many years always the best service.
Find a modern bank to do business with, i know i am switching asap!
We love the personal touch rather than just being a number at a big bank.
Any fees are minimal in comparison to other banks.
I have been banking with them for about ten years.
I bank with wells fargo, so any branch is fine with me.
Won't be using their card from now on and i'll be closing out my account.
I won't let people i no longer trust anywhere near my money.
She spent 10mins literally discouraging me from opening an account.
Worst customer service ever from a cocky cashier whose name starts with a "d" let just leave it at that.
Its a bank they got cameras in there and its illegal last i heard.
One rep 30 in line total bs don't bank at bofa worst service in vegas rainbow and cheyenne
I love doing all my business banking at this chase branch.
Christian, one of the private client banker's, is more than accommodating and is a great guy to work with.
Came in here one day to talk to a banker about signing for a new credit card (chase sapphire reserve).
Got our new box opened, questions answered and friendly service.
So i spoke with, let's say maria, last oct about a $2000 loan.
This is my sunday bank.
Overall service was okay.
I bank with wells, the staff are friendly and speedy.
I had an issue with my account before as the wrong type was set up for me at the bank.
I called their customer service and they tell you that there is nothing that they can do.
I have had the account for over 13 years and have conducted other lines of business with them.
So be careful with them and remember no to use the atm and their unfriendly customer service dept.
No access to my money, deposits, payments.
I have always avoided big banks but at least big banks have better, more widespread services and backups.
In general, i have never been a fan of bank of america.
Service is good at this location.
No notice,  just one day money comes up missing.
So yeah, i'm getting much faster service at chase without all the bullshit charges.
I felt no pressure to open a new account with them which is much appreciated.
Almost the worst bank ever!
Questions about loans all received fast responses.
Came here to spread out some money...i had a buddy recommend them, and their rates were good at the time.
Everyone do yourself a favor, cancel your account and go somewhere else!!
I hope this bank goes bankrupt.
Never been to a bank with no restrooms for their customers.
They always greet you with a smile and provide friendly customer service.
Walked in to get info about opening a checking account.
It seems i dodged a bullet and will continue my search for my savings and checking needs.
Best bank on the market right now!
The customer service is just fantastic.
Went in for more information about their low apr's on a car loan.
Very friendly staff, fast service and no waiting.
Words fail me in describing what a horror bank of america is.
Talked to my new account rep (the assistant in the office of the president and ceo) exactly once.
Called up to inquire about refinancing my car loan.
Maybe try to help your customers before judging them based on a customer service reps opinion.
This is really the only us bank branch that i use.
Called to get routing number for my checking account.
Walked into chase today to get a simple change order because i bank with them for my business.
She then came back with only less then half of my money separated and said i'm the only teller.
Really,i  never heard anything from any loan officer!
Sad,, they used to have good customer service
Friendly, but didn't follow my deposit instruction which i didn't realize until the next night when i checked my account.
Do not use sharonview, they have the worst service level of any bank i've ever worked with.
This group was not only inept, but disrespectful and clearly have no business in the banking industry.
When asking about a loan, the gentleman purposely tried to confuse me without actually inputting into his computer.
Still, there's a chance they may offer better deposit and loan rates than the big banks.
If you make a purchase they deduct it from your account immediately even though it is not verified.
They fee you to death.the big corporate banks are robbing the people.
They don't care one bit about you only making money off of you.
I initially went into america first fcu on a friday to wire money into my other bank account(out-of-state).
Come tuesday, i noticed my money was not yet transferred.
This bank sucks they want to charge me $5 to cash a check drawn on their bank.
Glad i don't bank here.
.... customer service is rocking the experience !!!
Now on hold 1 hour and 23 minutes ....pick your bank wisely.
I really like the idea of a credit union versus a bank.
Customer service is really helpful in person and i like that they have extended hours at some locations.
They offer competitive rates for car and home loans too.
I really would recommend america first credit union for your banking needs.
I do have a serious problem with their policy of transferring money from checking to savings or reverse.
I always assumed it was my money and not their's.
I direct deposit my ss check into the checking account.
I got my bank draft without issue and for only $7.50.
Desert schools is one of the worst banking institutions i have come across in my life time.
Don't waste your time with this bank
Bank of america....there when you need them.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I was very excited when i saw chase bank signs at this new construction site near my home.
The bank has now open, it is gorgeous inside but lacks customer service.
This is not the first time i have been unable to accomplish my intended banking at this branch location.
Horrible horrible service, i am disappointed in you wells fargo
This is a review of the bank's mind-boggling bureaucracy and its callous treatment of customers.
Boa needs to remember what customer service means and stop treating us as though we're account numbers and not people.
When you get frustrated with big banking try the clark county credit union.
After receiving the email that i had been approved for the requested loan amount, i went shopping.
I would reccommend chase bank, or pretty much any other lending institution over desert schools.
Very happy and thanks full for the service
Actually i do not belong to this bank, but my husband does.
Do not do business with this bank.
They are steeling the hard working american people money.
I've been banking here for over 3 years and have not had any problems.
There weren't many banks that fit this description.
We earn a little interest on our accounts, but we don't keep huge balances over a few thousand.
Didn't count any money to do this.
Honestly, we love this bank.
They have great services for what we need.
Every wells fargo has amazing service!
I work at a competitor bank and know good banking service!
I will be sending them legal documents shortly to receive restitution for damages incurred from use of their service.
Money is dirty and germy.
Well maybe that's the problem they have one banker helping everyone.
Wells fargo dealer services are horrible.
We have a home loan through them and they still treat us like a burden.
I have been with bank of nevada for 10 years.
It used to be bank west of nevada and had much better customer service, less fees and more personalized.
They are just like the other big soulless banks like us bank, citibank and chase.
After 15 years as a member i have closed all of my accounts.
This is a review of bank of america as a whole and not any particular branch.
I use to be a fan of bank of america until they lied to me.
I did the next thing i could which is dispute the charge with bank of america.
One of our client needed financing and we send then to this location to apply for a loan.
Oh btw the rate that ended with major bank was lower also.
Absolute worst customer service i've ever experienced.
Changing banks just because i can't stand dealing with any moron who works here.
The bank tellers are horrible and have attitudes every single time i've had to go into the bank.
My youth group has a existing account for donations and its it painfully slow.
Joanna was awesome and help me with my new account.
She help me with my new checking account.
This bank caters to mostly college students.
I just wish they would focus on customer service instead of pointing people to the atms.
Don't sign up for this unless you are willing to be bombarded day and night with crappy loan offers.
I went to this credit union to make a shared branching loan payment.
When i opened my account, they pushed the credit card.
This 853 bank location is my favorite bank due to your very friendly and professional staff like tina most especially!
So glad i personally bank at sunwest credit union where they put their customers first.
I wish there was a closer bank for our business account though....
This place is great, easy money.
I'm glad i bank elsewhere.
Price was important, but customer service was my number one concern.
This office brought great customer service and was able to save me money.
I also opened a bank account with state farm bank.
I do not know why i stay with this horrible bank!
Here we are preparing for a hurricane and what does this stupid bank do???
This place leeks all your money out.
No one banks here anymore except a fool.
Do not bank here!
Very solution oriented branch that offers you everything to get your personal and business banking on track.
One guy told them "worse costumer service".
I'm so glad this isn't the bank who handles my personal account.
Bank at chase, at least they still have drive thru, several tellers and open longer hours!
It does not pay to be poor and bank with these guys.
How does it cost more to maintain an account of 800 rather than 8000 or 80000?
....apparently not the scotiabanks and  colpatrias in the country i now reside.
Either you are a partner bank or you are not.
Had no luck getting that money back.
I guess the scoatiabanks and colpatrias in my country do not count.
Yah, as long as you are a customer with money...good riddance, and wishing you all the karma in the world!
She purchased a home in nv and is very happy with the service michael has provided.
He keeps you informed with your loan and closing went smoothly.
They want seven dollars to cash a certified bank check drawn from their bank.
How do you get new customers if you can't help those who don't yet have an account?"
Having an out of state bank has been inconvenient and i have been looking into establishing a pittsburgh bank account.
Banks are first and foremost community service organizations.
Unfortunately it seems that some employees (and perhaps clientele) of first niagra may mistake profit and service for irreconcilable aims.
I got a weird feeling about this bank the moment i walked in.
Front line customer service definitely needs improvement.
The bankers at this location are rude!
I came in and to speak with a banker about my account.
The lady banker kept waking past.
I finally said excuse me i waiting to see banker.
I have been to this branch several times and i always receive the best customer service.
I learned the  money market minimum balance was raised after they took $10.00 for the monthly service charge.
On-line banking  gives a big whopping .90 and better service.
By far the best bank i have visited!
No customer service at all!
Tons and tons of fees my advice don' t invest your time or money into this bank!
I felt like i got an amazing price and amazing customer service.
Me and my wife each submitted an online application for an account over a month ago and never heard back.
Not professional at all and will be putting our life savings elsewhere!
They refused to take it and refused to tell me why how is this customer service?
Do urself a favor use other company services...
Save your anergy your time and your money and go to other place!
Wow i am blown away at how terrible their customer service is and the poor management by someone named michelle.
I have been with chase for over 15 years and i have never had service like this.
Even working at ml and bofa i still stayed with chase as i loved their service.
Tried to deposit 70.00 in to my daughter's account.
Told me i could transfer from my chase account but i don't bank with them or get a money order!
Im sure they will put a 3 day hold on the money order too.
We pay fees and service charges for what?
B o a takes my rent payment in cash with an id but i don't bank there.
I hate these banks and the petty policies and procedures!!
I hate banking at this location and main st urbana.
My parents have been banking with this place for over 50 years.
However, luckily for this bank my parents aren't those type of people.
I do not recommend this institution and two of my daughters are pulling their accounts from busey.
I have been calling and calling: no answer at the customer service number.
No one else to help - customer service is abysmal and obviously not important!
Working with josie updating our accounts.
We have been banking with one nevada since 1982, of course we are very happy with them!
Was just informed that bank of america will no longer except cash deposits unless you have an account with them.
They are forcing you to open up an account with them.
Long lines and poor customer service i will never open account with them.
I have had a credit card with bank of america for 25 years and the teller maureen could careless.
I wouldn't have banked with them if they hadn't bribed me with $300.
However, they have a limit on mobile deposits, poor customer service, deliberately inept autopay and distinctively poor formatting.
Avoiding the lake wobegon effect in rating banks as we all know banks are a dime a dozen.
They're not exactly a model of kind or friendly customer service.
They rejected me for a checking account.
I called customer service and they said it was legitimate.
Piece of shit bank.
My suggestions: just google the banks in your area, google the national banks, and apply yourself at all these places.
Lendingtree basically just sends you the name of the banks and you have to fill out the forms, etc.
I have been with desert schools bank for apporx.
25 years, they used to make you feel special and offer great service and benefits.
As the years go by they started acting more and more like a bank as their corperate mentality kicked in.
I'm not sure if they were purchased or just went sour like most all banks.
I had a home mortage and a car loan there, both paid off.
However we got a little behind on one of our many accounts, a joint account.
All of a sudden the bank takes $250.00 out of my checking account the week of christmas with no warning.
Now that's just disgraceful customer service.
This man shouldn't be in any customer service position at all, very confrontational.
This bank can not be trusted with your money.
The death of a once great credit union, welcome desert schools bank.
I'd stay away from this bank if i were you.
I am so happy with the service i received and look forward to my future with citibank!
I stop stopped by to open an account around 4:25pm.
However, the bank closes at 5pm.
No wonder why citi bank has closed many banks here in las vegas and also ii ternationally.
Lesson learned - put a fake number or just flat out skip this service.
I love banking with you guys!!!
Worst customer service ever.
Closed my accounts, closed my safe deposit box, never again to do business with citibank.
After this experience i'm glad i'm not a member of their banking institution
Wanted to talk to manager or bank president.
Yeah, i know i'm reviewing a bank.
Few times i had gone inside, all the bankers are super nice.
Come get your taxes done here, great customer service might have to wait a little lets be real.
Once i sell my property later this year i'm going to take my banking elsewhere!
I been banking with citibank for about 8yrs now!
And i've been satisfied and happy with the banks regulations and rules in service!
Its always been available right there in there when it's deposit for all the years i've been banking with them!
He said he couldn't help me because he has to run the bank.
I would hope that you offer better customer service training to your branch managers.
I have been with bofa for 12 years and this experience is making me want to change banking institutions.
This will not be your choice for financial services if you are a business.
The branches are fine for personal transactions and the basics but they cannot compete with the big banks.
All i wanted to do is add a beneficiary to my accounts.
Another reminder of why i should have taken my business to another bank!
The company itself with bbt is horrible from the bank all the way to the fraud department.
I don't recommend this bank at all they are crooks.
Great place to do your banking and care about their customers and seem very organized.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Apparently customer service isn't their first priority.
This bank is terrible and will charge you unfounded fees.
This review is for firstbank in chandler.
I opened a new checking account with them to try out.
Experian  notified me that new accounts were added to my credit report and 14 points were deducted.
Do not open an account with these people!!!
Save yourselves and bank elsewhere!
The tellers here are so nice they make you feel at home and the banking is easier than ever
I have been dealing with two modification for properties i own with bank of america for close to a year.
Henry called me regarding my closed account without verifying who i was.
Henry decided to argue with me regarding a bank account nv state bank had decided to close.
The service here has always been great and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
The only reason they got a 2 is because the loan did have the rate i was looking for.
This bank apparently does not want to do business with families.
What kind of bank doesn't have a public restroom for 4 year olds.
Parents, do not plan on doing banking with children in tow.
Incompetency at its finest,  your better keeping your money in your matress.
Bank of america   sets up computer programs that post then unpost then repost funds to your account.
Deposited $1600.xx b of a removed 147.32 from our account.
Went into the menifee branch with the letters to get our account credited.
Best customer service, best location!
What is great about one nevada is their convenience with mobile banking, and customer service.
I've never seen more people sitting around doing nothing in a bank than here.
Teller was no help, sent me to talk to a "banker" while he continued to do nothing.
Still the worst bank on the planet.
The only reason i even have an account with you is i was forced when i got my car loan.
Keep my $25 but please close my account.
Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money elsewhere.
This bank doesn't seem to care about the people that keep their money here!
Nevada," informing me that your bank was "exercising its right" to close our accounts with you.
Courtesy evidently no longer exists in the vocabulary of the bank you founded.
For the longest time i liked this bank.
I wanted to goto a credit union due to issues with a big bank.
In december the bank renamed from desert schools credit union to desert financial credit union.
App issues caused me to unknowingly overdraft several times over with no alert, until i checked my account.
I had savings and somehow overdraft protections were not in effect and my savings could have easily covered the overdrafts.
I feel like this change was deceptive and a step from credit union to bank.
I am looking to close my account really soon.
I always get such great customers service at this chase.
Thank you all for the great customer service!
I went it to the branch and was helped by a banker.
This is the best bank branch in the city.
We bank here for our business and they really are nice and they know me by name.
Josh and andy are always helpful and unlike every other bank they turnover is low.
Granted from your everyday loan places i actually really liked this one when i borrowed in august.
If you don't heed this warning, accept responsibility for what you will sacrifice to bank here.
Very rude customer service.
If you are in a customer service position you should at least be pleasant.
Horrible, horrible customer service!!
I cant help you then........better off with a ceramic piggy jar than this hot mess of a "banking" institution.
They found me one, but at the worst bank in the world.
If you need a bank in the area this one for sure knows what customer service is!
There is also a sitting area for kids or seniors while you are doing your banking.
This bank is horrible!!!
I got to this bank for business and personal use because it is convenient.
They have no sense of customer service.
Bother bankers were very slow.
If you plan on going inside and talking to a banker, i recommend not, and finding a different wells fargo.
On accounts that are closed!
Also, if you deal with their merchant account services, expect them to be super responsive to get you signed up.
If i took a loan less than $100,000, the rate would be higher.
Because of this, i have not used the loan.
Right now there is one teller taking customer and a personal banker just watching or helping with the little stuff!
This is why i still have an account with chase.
B of a is not even my primary bank.
I hardly keep any money in the account and was thinking about changing my direct deposit to them.
You get better service with navy federal and chartway federal credit union.
Avoid bank of america and if you can't avoid them, at least avoid tiffany.
3 people waiting the banker associate to help continually walked by waiting 1 by 1 for us to leave.
Banks up front also continue to have conversations knowing we were here waiting .
I have to go to bank of america every friday to cash my check.
I cant wait to never use this bank again
After 30 years of being a loyal customer, i am closing all my accounts with chase.
My review for this location is solely based on this location and not the services of one nevada overall.
Love how they talk up their customer service as being important to them yet their actions say something different.
I have my business accounts here for years.
Dealing with bank of nevada is ten times better than dealing with bank of america!
This was our first joint account after getting married about a year ago.
We both had visa debit checking cards within five minutes of coming inside the bank.
If it wasn't for a friend working the small business office of this bank, i would of been long gone.
Well apparently this bank don't care.
Can't wait to leave this horrible bank.
This bank doesn't care about people.
It shouldn't be allowed to be named bank of america because obviously it's values are different.
I love the services offered by one nevada and the great interest rates they offer etc.
It was about loans offers and i was curious.
There are plenty of other banks and credit unions out there to choose from.
So we went home, and emailed customer service.
Before she transfered me over to another department who she assured me would be able to unblock all my accounts.
And didn't even look at my account closely enough to make sure i had 2 debit cards.
I booked through booking.com and when i opened my account i placed my @bankofamerica debit card on file.
The next morning i called both booking.com and bank of america to try to get things fixed.
All i got was lip service from both and no action.
In the meantime i was charged almost $1,500.00 between the two accounts.
I had to borrow money from my niece (the family guest) to pay for two expensive meals for five.
Tuesday morning we check out and i get lip service from the nasty person @hamptonhilton downtown/market square san antonio.
Wednesday morning and today still no money.
They did tell me they "may/might" waive all the bank of america overdraft charges "depending on the situation".
The bank of america nightmare.
Avoid this bank at all costs.
Rudest service i've ever encountered at bank.
I would stuff my money under my mattress before i would ever bank at this pos again.
Friendly service every time and i love the drive-thru atm.
It takes pictures of your cash and check deposits and adds the funds to your account quickly.
I've been banking with them for 8 years and they are great!
Banking at its finest!
One fine after noon i logged into my convenient online banking, to see a substantial amount of nsf fees.
She made my banking experience much easier and  pleasant.
Please pass on  my many thanks for all her  service.
By far the worst bank i've ever banked with.
How the hell do you charge your own clients money to withdraw from your own atm???
It's normal for another atm to charge you a fee...... well so does this bank.
I can't stand the service.
Bank of america or wells fargo here i come.
Go to another insurance company, state farm took my money for years and when i needed their help, denied.
Life is not fair but when you pay for a service to protect you, you should be protected.
The tellers were really friendly and helped me out with a couple questions i had, regarding my account...
I thought they found the best rate and had that bank contact you.
Good bank, good service, three stars!
I work across the parking lot from this bank of america location and happen to find them friendly and fast.
With their new upgraded computer system, i can not get into my account on a regular basis.
I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan i had with them without my permission!!
Tomorrow, i will be pulling out the rest of my cd money bec.
Who knows where else they will decide to put my money.
If you are looking for a secure home-town bank feel, you will find it here with this credit union.
If you want faster service, this is not the place to be...
The smart ones have closed their account.
Money was sitting in the account and in the meantime my mortgage was late.
Manager doesn't take accountability for the lack of attention to detail of his staff or their errors.
Account numbers and account holder names sitting all over christopher the teller's desk.
People wonder why your accounts are compromised?
Be smart take you money out and run.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Every time i enter this bank i'm greeted with a smile and hello from the staff.
Keep up the great work first bank.
If you need to do any online or mobile banking, pass bbva compass by.
The first time i used their mobile deposit it was for a $300 western union money order.
If you need professional banking services, pass bbva compass by.
Bank of america suck......
The worst bank in america....
If you need a good bank this is not the bank to go to.....
Your money will get messed up eventually...
Thanks for nothing bank of america
Horrible bank and service.
Pull your money out of here
Theyre not open on saturdays, dont have 24 hour call service.
Any other bank does not do that!!
I closed my account with them because of that and went to bank of america!
This bank is terrible.
This is sad how these banks think they can wreck your life.
Don't be in customer service if you look like you hate people.
She will be switching to another bank for her money.
I was a bit skeptical about joining forces with a smaller bank.
After doing research i found out they were 5th in the country for banking and 3rd for mortgages.
Hey i felt more confidence, so i decided to go back and tranfer my accounts.
I went into the local branch and the banker was so pleasant.
A+ for customer service.
If you are looking for a great place with a great staff to bank with, don't hesitate.
The sign in sheet to see a personal banker looks like a clipboard that a customer forgot vs anything official.
I am still a fan, they have always been fair as they can be for being a huge bank.
I prefer the service at my community bank but they are too far and not enough locations.
He gave me the card of his mortgage banker caroline.
I've never been really impressed with this bank of america branch.
I love this us bank and the genuinely nice and caring customer service.
One of the morons in customer service offered to spot me $35.00 as a compromise.
Nothing like being on vacation and no access to your money.
It's a small, but full service branch nside an albertsons.
I came in on a saturday morning to change my name on my accounts.
I told him that was poor customer service and he refused to apologize.
Pnc bank has the worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Currently locked out of my online account thanks for the hassle tcf
I came around 1:40 pm to go to this bank you talk with a personal banker.
But the personal banker was already with another client.
The banker couldn't stay late because she had to leave it to when it closed.
But we could overhear what the personal banker was telling the clients.
Customer service is not chase's priority.
I haven't wanted to deal with the hassle of changing banks but it's definitely time.
Unfortunately this location isn't the only location guilty of terrible service; this is the norm at every chase.
Wanted to get away from the bigger banks.
We opened up several accounts.
Was so impressed with her i brought my teenage daughter back to open up accounts for her.
Alaska usa has everyone else beat when it comes to customer service and a financial convenience you can trust.
Why switch when your bank makes sure they have a presence to serve you to the area you have moved!?
I have never had a better banking experience.
Have enjoyed my banking experience.
From personal, to auto loans, savings and checking accounts.
I have to admit i do not bank with them.
One of my colleagues is a member of the bank and suggested we meet there.
I've been a customer for over 10 years and the customer service they provide is superb.
I went to the bank to get a document notarized and everyone was friendly and helpful.
I thought they were very professional and would recommend visiting the branch for your banking needs.
Overall i'm not a wells fargo fan and i'm really not a fan of grocery store bank branches in general.
My banking needs require that i visit a teller about once a week.
I expected them to scrutinize every $20 of the money i gave them, but that wasn't the case.
I really like the service they provide here.
I'm so sick of this bank charging me surprise fees when they feel like it.
I cannot wait to switch to a bank that cares about their customers.
This bank is ridiculous as fuck !!
This is exactly why i don't want to bank with wellsfargo they lack on customer service !
I'm very unsatisfied with this bank !
So 500+ miles away from home into the desert, i pulled out my atm card at a non-us bank machine.
So then i pulled out my phone, logged into my account, and saw that i had a healthy balance.
The u.s. bank customer service line told me they shut my card down due to fraudulent charges.
They asked me about specific charges -- and these bank folks were right.
They quickly looked at my account, took my tainted atm card, and gave me a new temporary one.
Absolute worst customer no service of any financial institution that i know of!
Boa technology as it relates to customer service is badly broken.
Aggravating wait times on the customer no service phone line averages between one to two hours.
I refer to u.s. bank as the bank of "no."
I transferred substantial amounts out of u.s. bank and into wells fargo on mountain view, where customers are appreciated.
Do not i repeat do not apply for a auto loan with bank of america.
I have banked my family has banked with bofa for over 50 years.
After i was declined for the auto loan which btw i aimed high on the amount.
I love this chase location so much i moved my ira from another brand of bank.
Really nice folks and service has always been over the top.
This branch is located in the smith's grocery store...it is a full-service bank, complete with an atm machine.
My wife opened a checking and savings account with boa when we moved to nc 4 years ago.
A week later when i had no heard anything i returned to the bank.
Boa does not have a concept of customer service, employee training, accountability or even giving respect to their own employees.
I dread coming here and it's not even my bank.
I've ordered foreign currency for a couple of trips, and done general banking with them since moving to fountain hills.
The customer service is horrible they never greet me with hello's or thank you's.
This bank totally sucks.
F you citibank you blow.
Lending tree is just a means of sending your loan info to a large number of brokers or loan resellers.
(not i'm off to find out if i can purge my account from them).
We still get emails asking us to do our banking online.
We were victims of the recently exposed wells fargo employees scam to open phony accounts, debit cards and credit cards.
This one cost me time and money to fix not to mention the stress it created for me.
The "banker's lack of concern and treating me like i am an idiot was the proverbial last straw.
I went in to open an account.
Explained this whole thing all over again to the one opening the account.
So i ask to close my account.
I had only had my account for 5 minutes.
I doubt i've ever been in there longer than 15 minutes, except the time i opened the account.
I opened a checking/savings account and everything was explained in detail.
After i've settled this issue, my next call will be to cancel the account.
Josie ramirez and cindy burgos helped me with my new accounts today.
Just do the research, in the end, you will thank yourself and your bank accounts will love you too!
I cannot believe that they actually charge money to cash a check that is written on their own paper.
But i would not use this bank!
She was without those funds for weeks while they "tried to figure out" where her money was.
She is depositing death benefits and they lost her money.
I would not trust this branch with my money!
Beautiful location but equally bad service.
Simple bank transaction took 30 mins.
Do yourself a favor dont sign up with this bank especially for credit cards.
Go with amex or another bank.
Just take your accounts elsewhere, you deserve better than an bank with unfair processes.
Been with clark county credit union over 12 years and wouldn't bank any where else.
I never knew that customer service could be this great at a credit union!
The worst bank i have ever had.
They dont call or notify you of anything a d still take dramatic actions on to your account.
I highly recommend using another bank, or just find out for yourselves.
Also, speaking to anybody here is the worst customer service i have ever had to deal with.
Bank of america closed my credit card without warning.
Don't even get me started on the hard inquiry on my credit report from trying to reopen my account.
Some people have mentioned that bank of america doesn't mind losing customers.
Well i closed my account today.
Makin a deposit, i mean it's a bank.
I'm involved with a few student orgs., so i frequent this bank pretty often.
They often push extra products and services on you that are not helpful to your current financial situation.
I opened two different intelligent accounts and feel i have a much greater understanding of investments than before i called.
David's customer service was impeccable!!
I plan on transferring all my employer retirement of accounts to them.
Great customer service skills!!!
Fuck you bank of america.
Bank of america makes me feel like a criminal when i call into their customer service number.
Bofas customer service is horrible.
Ever since bofa corporate left california their service has sucked.
I opened an account with arizona federal just to keep my savings in there.
Anyways i put a substantial amount of money in my savings.
I had the account for about 4 months and need to take out $100 dollars.
It says account 0.00 savings 0.00!
I was so freaked out i mean this is my largest savings account!
Everyone's response was its after hours we can access your account on monday.
Anyways i'm going to take all my money out because that is just ridiculous what if it was stolen!
I love this bank.
They go out of their way to make sure your account is secure.
The customer service was awesome and always has been.
The ""teller" gina gave me horrible customer service!
This is a great bank and a very nice location.
Right now there is one teller taking customer and a personal banker just watching or helping with the little stuff!
This is why i still have an account with chase.
2/17/18  i won't be banking with boa full time.
Instead of me opening an account i took my business elsewhere
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please send your email the ceo of bofa below:l  ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
I frequently visit chase bank for my home mortgage payments and rental property deposits.
If you live the area and use chase or are looking for a new bank...this is a good choice.
Love love love this bank
By then, i'd already paid manually, so the payment went out of my account twice.
I don't like banks but i think a bank is the better alternative.
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please send your emailthe ceo below   ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
Save yourself the hassle and pick a different bank to do business with!!
However, this means one less star today :[  like i said, not sure how it's supposedly fancier than a bank..
Not working for you but for the bank.
They love your money but not you.
If you are gullible then by all means use this service.
This place will do nothing for you and will provide false information based on their proprietary smart credit service.
Those big banks only want to get you in the door and really don't care about you as a person!
Customer service sucks, they basically hand out your information.
Hate this bank- closed all my accounts and will never bank here again.
Td bank needs to come to the west coast so people can see how a bank should run.
I will be moving my accounts somewhere else.
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please send your email to ceo email below   ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
Was not greeted by any of the 5 or 6 associates in the banking center.
Walked out and took my transaction to another banking center and was treated the way i should be.
Now, since the new managers have arrived, service noticeably dropped.
I'm moving my money it's that bad.
6)      what type of loan do you have now?
7)      what term do you prefer for the new loan?
If you're looking for an actual loan, look elsewhere.
The first time i waited and noted that the account was still there online for 2 weeks.
No wonder they charge so much in fees just to keep an account open.
I would never recommend a friend or even an enemy to bank with bank of america.
The banking world will be a much better place.
I've been a customer for several years and have many colleagues that have bank of america accounts.
The poor service i received yesterday is the worse i've encountered in my entire life.
I withdrew money from my account at the teller with a positive balance left.
The representative told me that the fees at her because i withdrew money at the teller.
This is impossible because there's no way i'll tell her will give you more money than what's in your account.
By far the worst bank ever!
This is my go to bank i suppose because it is on my side of town.
It's a good thing i actually like this location and i'm not forced to travel far for banking.
At least i know my money is safe!
They froze my mom's account.
They told me they needed to see her that she couldn't use her account until she came in.
I took her in to the nearest bank.
She closed her account promptly.
If there was an award for excellent service.
Went to this branch for teller service and says she can't see any information on the system.
Terrible service and unprofessional.
Not very helpful unless you are prepared to put in over $500,000 into your account.
Pleasant, professional call center--weak advisors unless you are prepared to dump in lot of money.
This bank is literally the worst bank in history and they are manager was rude and combative with my husband.
I called the real customer service number!
He is the only reason i am not closing my a business account and personal.
I recommend family trust to everyone, over all of their competitors especially the big bank fiasco.
The person banker who greeted me was super rude to me.
He was asking me questions like if was trying to do some random fraud on my account or something .
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please send your email to ceo email below    ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
Time couldn't even allow to explain how much i am beginning to despise this bank.
I will be surprised if i stay with this bank much longer at all.
Received a "rude" letter from them because they wanted me to deposit more money and use the account.
Unfortunately we wanted to support local credit unions and switched all of our banking from chase to cccu.
Yesterday i set up my socialbees businesses account (finally!)
Now i'm ready for your credit cards, people... show me the money!
Very disappointed with the service at this branch.
This is referring bank of america system which charging me checking monthly fee for $ 8.95.
So decide to close one of my checking account to avoid loosing more money for this ridiculous fee.
Tried calling to close the account  july 11 at 17.00 and  was  answered after 25 min on hold.
Worst part,  the woman on phone  could not handle the checking account matter.
Simply a very ugly customer service.
Tried to chat to close my account.
The bankers are very informative know all of the information we wanted to know.
I will be back to do my further banking.
So my husband and i have had an account with onenevada for almost 2 years now.
Nearly killed my loan at the last minute.
The loan closed late thanks to this company.
My loan officer was not in my corner.
I've had my personal accounts with wells fargo for about seven years now.
I've been very happy with their locations, employees, and service.
I applied nov 1st for our loan with the navy federal credit union.
The loan officer told me "sure, that's not a problem, we can just add him to title later."
I called 2 other local banks and they said the same thing.
So i decided to go with them because they were so much easier to deal with 2 previous car loans.
We had the loan locked in at 2.625% on a 15 year, (before the rates jumped up).
From a loan 'processor' saying that they 'cannot' do our loan because of my husband not being on title.
That they cannot do the loan because he's not on title.
A big difference in payment on a $200k loan!
They are more expensive anyways "if" you can even get a loan!
Great service and liola little was amazing and very friendly!!
Horrible bank - no customer service - do not use this bank!
Run away and use any other bank!
Is bofa the most dependable, efficient and trustworthy bank around?
But i'm happy with a majority of their features and online services that i'll keep using them...for now!
Really great loan rates and super quick turnaround time on closing the loan.
Way better than any of the big banks in town.
Very different from some of the big banks i've been with in the past.
I am not satisfied of the auto loan with bank of america.
And yet, they still added some more extra hidden fee on my loan.
I called customer service for answers.
I explained to them that i paid all of my auto loan according to my current balance.
I'm not happy with the service.
I don't want to deal with bank of america anymore.
I did that for the free money....why not?
Now that i'm back and banking with them, it's been less than stellar.
Now that i have the free money from them, i'm going to close my account and move on.
Love sharonview it's the best bank on this planet.
Went in today to open a checking account and the banker was very nice and helpful!
Very easy to open the account.
Poor customer service and poor management.
The next bank i used has a very streamlined and efficient process.
Bank of america does not even deserve one star for their heloc process.
The bank i use now will lend at least $95,000.
I even closed early due to getting the loan funded early.
Charges include $5 for fraud protection, $1 for paper statements, $5 for "dormant" account.
I expect they will fold soon and would not trust them with my hard earned money.
They take millions in bail out money yet they somehow find a way to screw over the american people.
After we are done bombing iraq and afganistan we should drop bombs on bank of america locations.
I am closing my checking account and 3 credit cards and lines of credit of $10k.
If you are a customer here or considering becoming one, you would be wise to go to another bank.
It is not the money itself but the principle here, and it is indicative of the boa corporate character.
Do not bank with bank of america.
Customer service is awful.
I have been with many banks- chase, pnc, us, 53, santander, etc.
Bank of america has the worst service of all of them- hardly even a comparison.
I came in to open a new account.
It's useless to open more convenient branches if you can't staff them with bankers!
Service with a smile has always been the case, and i'm never just a customer.
If your money is in a bank, you're really missing out on the credit union membership experience.
If you are a person who actually likes to pay their bills, run away from this bank!!!
Why don't these people want to take my money?
These are things most people learn by the 5th grade, probably should take your banking advice from others.
Great people and services.
Never yelped on my bank in the past.
Have been  u.s. bank customer for about 15 years.
Have lines of credit, loans with them, etc.
I deposited a 40k check from my fidelity account so we can pay contractors working on remodels for our house.
I will be pulling all of our accounts and move to a bank that appreciates long term relationships.
Customer service is at an all time low.
I hate us bank!!!!
And i have learned it's to no advatage to have all your banking at one bank.
Wf denied me because of a charged off account from 5 yrs ago.
So i'm done, i am closing both accounts that i've had open for almost 40 yrs.
Branch manager assisted me in opening an account and proactively providing crucial information.
Services are great here and the interest rates are competitive.
I don't have an account here, however, i use their "shared branching" service.
1-star for referring me to nasb (north american savings bank) for my mortgage re-financing.
Phenomenal customer service and very small business-friendly.
Literally the slowest bank on the planet.
My experience with wells fargo bank dates back at least 25 years.
I chose the bank because it was close to my location at the time, and was a recognized banking establishment.
I can't stand this "credit union" their fees and policies are not much different than a bank.
Well, thank you, bank of america, for a lovely morning.
So, yes, we're not opening a new account with you.
And frankly, we may be pulling our existing accounts.
B of a is the most pathetically run bank i have ever had to do business with.
I opened a joint checking and savings account today with my family.
Frankie, the banker, was very thorough and informative.
I'm happy i did ... frankie gave us excellent customer service!
You don't get the money until after 90 days, but i figured it was worth it.
Nobody was there except me and one other person talking to the other account manager.
I can't believe they let a new account walk out of their office without a second thought.
That is definitely not customer service.
Little did he know i had $15k to deposit in their bank as well.
Oh well, i'll try another bank.
Never did we have any claims and were, therefore, "easy" money for her.
Nice and fast at this location, in n out 9 out of 10 visits.. all bank tellers are very pleasant.
This is the worse bank ever!!!!
They want you to be late so they can collect more money!!!!
Letters and going into the bank have  done nothing for me.
I will continue to write to the bank headquarter, the federal reserve bank and even the securities exchange commision.
The next day i get a call saying "after further review we decided not to give you an account".
Well here's my review, you can stuff your bank account.
Usaa has offered me a checking account as well as i've had several credit cards through them.
Azfcu is too good for my money so i'll go else where.
There is absolutely no reason why i should have been denied a simple checking account.
Us bank is a scam i'm looking for a lawyer their balance s are never accurate.
I went to bank with all my receipts 43rd northern would not even go into details.
I am about to be evicted thanks to u$ bank.
I have been banking with truwest for 2 years.
On my birthday, a fraudulent charge was taken out of my bank account.
Then, i went to the bank.
I did, and they told me the account specialist would call me back.
Been a customer over 20 years and now i am closing my account.
The rate provided by their "lenders" were all much higher than the rates quoted by major banks in my area.
But otherwise it's a complete waste of time for those looking to refinance jumbo loans in california.
Chase is a very terrible bank with the worst service i have ever seen in my life.
My advice never start a bank account at chase because the same thing might happen to you also.
Lendingtree taut that they have access to all types of loans.
I asked "scott" about "construction loan" options, which are promoted at their own site.
I then asked about a "raw land loan".
I inquired about a "sba loan."
If they only want to loan pocket change, why don't they promote these products-only?
Came in from out of state to finalize a loan.
Within 35 days six of the eight collections and a few late payments from other accounts were gone.
And better yet at the accounts are free!
I love this bank.
I have several accounts with them including a small business checking account which is totally free.
All of my accounts are free, one of them requires a minimum balance.
Clark county credit union and teri kight change lives one loan at a time...
Anjelica, my member services rep. was very friendly and personable and was quick to help me with my new account.
Paid my loan off 3/29/2018 and still have not received my title to my truck.
Save hundreds if not more go to the mob and get a title loan or anywhere else.
Bank of america was my first bank after switching from a credit union.
I banked with them for a couple years.
I paid them off and switched banks and i will never bank with them for anything ever again.
I can into this branch to do some banking and jackie helped me.
I would highly recommend this bank !
I switched to rbfcu and they are much better, lower fees and better loan rates.
I guess the bank branches are closed today and monday for veterans day.
Disappointed in the decline in service from this credit union.
I've been a member for seven years, even keeping my accounts when i moved out of state.
At the time, their service and values were still worth the inconvenience of not having a branch in my state.
I had already moved most of my money out of sfcu, but this is the last straw.
Pulled my money from df, told them why and again, nothing!
Unable to process an account closure, still waiting after 20 minutes.
An account holder for 10 plus years suddenly began assessing fees.
So since i work with highly expectations in customer service here is what i have to say.
I love banking here!
Hcu is a nice bank and usually the people are too.
Pulled my money from df, told them why and again, nothing!
We took out a car loan in 2011.
They charged me money for the whole month of august when i closed my house on aug 2.
I hope anyone who reads this does not use b of a for anything at all especially home loans.
The worst customer service!
Would never bank with them again
Bank of america bought countrywide mortgage a few years and thought it was a "good deal".
He got away with having an "ugly tan" and money to start another bank if he wanted to.
Before the great depression in 2008, most people had no clue what a "subprime loan" was.
Only bankers, mortgage people, and some real estate agents who did loans knew what that terminology was.
Bank of america is a crook at the highest level.
Nobody blames clinton, but he "de-regulated the banks".
Http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gramm%e2%80%93leach%e2%80%93bliley_act   please just google "what caused the recession of 2008" and read up on the banking issues.
The first time they tried to blame the postal service stating that it must have been lost in the mail.
The only account i have with payments is my credit card which i pay off in full each month.
Customer service assured me that they would research this and get back to me within a few days.
Multiple cards and checking account.
I went in to open a business account.
I was looking at boa as my new bank.
I found out that boa is going to quit loaning money to businesses that manufacture guns.
You should be ashamed to call yourselves bank of america.
You should be called bank of socialism.
Love the place they have the best tellers and charlotte and loan agents.
I have been doing business with sharonview for 15 years now and the service is a+++++.
The worst customer service!
They treat their customers like criminals and want you to be happy they're your bank.
Don't walk, run away from doing banking business with them and don't look back!
Worst customer service ever!!!
I had to get his district manager tara involved to find out who really had my money..
This branch is usually very good with good service, clear explanations, and solutions to problems.
Went in today to open a new bank account since i've had credit acct with them for a little while.
Steven (personal banker) was the only one that noticed me and greeted me.
Absolutely the worst bank i have ever been to.
The manager here is a woman who is rude and wants no part of any type of customer service!!
What kind o bank is this?
I chose this bank originally because they were having a great deal to open up a checking account.
The only issue i had that keeps them from 5 stars for me is their loan department.
Other than that i have had no issues with this bank or its associates!
I can't believe nobody is talking about the horrific website this bank has!
The kicker is, there are some things (like changing your address) that you can only do online with this bank.
For 7 years i have paid my credit card online with truwest with an account from another bank.
Now, i log in and all my other bank's information is gone!
After dealing with such nice people; i decided to open an account with truwest credit union.
The representative that helped open the account was was wonderful also.
Thank you onenevada for going above and beyond in customer service.
They will take your money away with so much unfair fees!!
It feels weird to review a bank .
.. but when you've had good service, it deserves a review.
I've been banking at this location for a few years, as i work less than a mile down the road.
I've been inside numerous times for notary services and cashier checks and always feel welcomed.
Some banks will make you feel like an inconvenience for services like that.
Made a big mistake by opening a simple checking account here.
What a garbage bank....
At this point i got frustrated and just used by bank card.
This sucked big time...but fortunately i had my trusty bank card to save the day.
Customer service  i got "power of attorney" for my mother who has dementia.
She didn't have any id but the guy gave her a new debit card and some money.
She doesn't have much money in the acct and it needs to be used to pay for her house.
But, when i called up there they said the account is invalid.
You need to go into the bank.
I went up to the bank 55 m st. in dc.
I said, i just left the bank and they could see it.
Bank of america has the worst customer service.
B) then, there are fees............. 1: there is a $2,500.00 just for giving you a loan.
Her exceptional customer service and knowledge is appreciated.
I am very skeptical about this credit union but the saving grace was josie.
Not every location has telling to save money.
Also in the app, you can not view your account number.
I want to leave the big banks but not into the dumpster.
Bank of america used ot offer a single digit fixed rate of interest credit card to college students in 1995.
This was right before the merger with nationsbank in north carolina.
Nations bank bought b of a.
The people here are the most friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable bank staff i have ever met.
It is literally the customer service you would expect from a 5-star hotel.
We have our bank account, home loan, and daughter's account there.
And talked to me like i was stupid when i was trying to open up a business account.
So i went to pecos location to see if i can get better customer service but nope!
I live in california my father puts money in this account from az.. they shut off my original card..
I looked into their paid for account for unlimited pos and cash withdrawals etc.
I visited truwest credit union today to open a new checking and savings account.
The customer service is great and i highly recommend them to anyone looking for bank or credit union.
I thought bank of america could not get any worse, but i was totally mistaken.
They then froze my account because apparantly they prefer doing ice's job and suck at their own.
I am closing my account.
Customer service doesn't exist.
I tested them, asked for them to call me to refinance a vehicle, no call, they suggested the service.
So many great folks work for this company and i wouldn't dream of banking with anyone else.
Their personal banker changes like every 6 months.
I have been dealing with a claims on business account for over 45 days.
I was assured the 45th day 11/5 that the money would be refunded back into my business account.
Plus an additional $2500 that gameday media is putting back into our account.
Take your money out of this credit union.
There are many other southern nevada credit unions that don't scare tactic their clients into spending more money with them.
I don't have an account here.
I should open an account though...atm fees.
I call carolina premier my 'pretend' bank.
Now that the offerings are not so competitive, save yourself some time and frustration by banking elsewhere.
It's the george foreman of investing "set it and forget it", just don't forget to keep putting your money in!
You can deposit checks, transfer money, and see your investments and checking account all at a glance.
We've opened up new accounts here, done standard transactions, and had cashier's checks cut here.
Less people in the bank, and less people outside of the bank asking you for money when you leave.
She was no help whatsoever and i ended up having to call corporate to get my money back.
Years ago, i banked here.
One more reason to hate the big banks.
The customer service, reps are  not professional, they are ghetto.
They love to agru with you,  which is what they specialize in, definitely not customer service!
Unprofessional,  ghetto and these people  have access to your account.
Absolutely horrible service they do not want your business you are not a priority for them.
She is phenomenal and the only person i trust for my business and personal banking.
Absoulte joke of a bank.
If i can prevent one person from banking with these idiots, me leaving was worth it.
I love this bank.
Nothing like grabbing lunch and doing your banking at the same time.
I am extremely happy with this bank.
They understand what i need and meet my expectations of service always.
This bank gives absolutely the worse rates for savings, checking, etc.
Its only good if you need a loan.
Dont give these people your money!
Stupid money hogging ass-hats.
I just recently opened my account here and made the mistake of coming to this branch to complete my enrollment.
Corporate, or whoever is in charge, really needs to advise management what good customer service is.
I appreciated being able to still access my money thru the atm.
I hate how banks would force you to withdraw from the atms in 20s.
I am no fan of banks but this particular branch is very efficient and customer oriented.
This is the second auto loan i've done with cccu.
In both instances i have received the best service.
This recent loan has been the quickest experience ever!!!
Opened up a new account at this branch.
Nice service, good bank (although some of the fees i dislike).
Do you really want these guys taking your money for using it?
Buy gold if your trying to save don't waste your money with these guys there horrible !
They are fast to take money out of my account, but slow to credit deposits and credits of any kind.
I'm thinking about switching banks, who is good?
The report also shows that 15 executives at m&i bank will receive a combined total of $65 million in payouts.
The bank of montreal has also obligated itself via contract to pay any tax liabilities associated with the payments.
Our loan closed on time and we are very happy with their service so far.
Extremely difficult to reach customer service.
I've never had to wait long in line for a deposit or for a personal banker.
Came here mid afternoon for some simple banking.
I need my account cancelled!!!
I usually have top notch service with azfcu.
I have banked with them since i was a kid.
This bank is located on decatur between lake mead & vegas dr.
Went on wednesday 12-16-15 at 12:05 pm to get a money order.
Is she getting instructions on how to create a money order?
And it's like that every single time i go to the bank.
I'm getting pretty tired of this bank.
Customer service is a joke and will never call you back.
They have your money why call you back.
Please dont waste your time or money or these scam artists.
I am so done with this bank!!
Its been downhill in terms of customer service since then.
Their customer service seems to be non-existent.
Thanks for the great customer service.
I went to bank of america, i have a savings account.
Went in yesterday to set up an account and irene was fantastic.
This is not my bank but i had to stop in to do some business.
It's always understaffed and any banking needs require an appointment.
The manager stacy at truwest gave me excellent service and she is an excellent employee.
After 28 years as a customer of bank of america/baybank, fleet etc, it is time for me to move on.
Bank of america only cares about its bottom line.
It's time consuming to close a business account, bunch of tenant escrow accounts, a saving account, ira.
I had my merchant account for my business account and they increased the fees by 20% each year.
On hold for over 55 minutes so far to get assistance with bofa online banking product.
Better of banking elsewhere with a bank that respects the customers time.
I have bank with many banks in california and nevada, sad to say this teachers credit union it's not great!
I do not recommend this bank
I really do not like their overall services.
My account open in ca and their staff in clt have no access to ca account.
Besides, certain bank manager or tellers of the local boa are so friendly and helpful.
Butttttttttt their service over the phone is sucks.
Why boa hire so many incapable people wasting money.
Finally, they will tell you to open account with some other bank.
Left with a few accounts for a brief time and realized the mistake i made.
Great service along with great interest rates and account options.
I went through lendingtree to refi my auto loan to see my options without pulling a hard inquiry.
I did by no means tell them to move forward with my loan and pull a hard inquiry.
We tried to take out a small, used auto loan with tru west.....what a poor excuse for a credit union.
It was easily the worst loan experience ever.
We've taken out 3 different mortgages and 5 different car loans with other financial institutions throughout are marriage.
This whole experience was an absolute joke for a simple loan under $10,000.
On their website (which is a joke), they advertise how easy their loan process is.
I only have a checking and savings account with them.
My direct deposit and account withdrawals have been posted in a good amount of time.
If i could find a local bank which has that feature, i would switch over.
If you use the bill pay service, utilize the reminders.
And only if you get a checking/savings account and nothing else.
Bofa recently froze my cc account i have had with them for 19 years, with no notice to me whatsoever.
I called and spoke to a battalion of "customer service" people, with it all ending up even worse.
They say they need information from my estranged father in order to reopen my card account.
I was told that i put his name on my account.
I opened this account in person and i was alone and the only name on the card is mine.
They say his name has been on it since the account was opened!
Why is the online account showing only my name on it???
Still, they refused to send me any sort of proof of their claims that his name is on my account.
They absolutely refused to send me copies of anything they were telling me about my own account.
Someone at bofa got my father's name and applied it to my card account, fraudulently.
You're welcome to close the account if you don't like that."
Ok, how about i do that, then report bofa to the ftc for their fraudulent activities with my card account?
Reports/claims will be filed immediately against bank of america for credit card fraud.
Rookie mistake on my part when i engaged the services of this company.
I first answered a call from a company called loandepot.
I told them of this, and the loan officer thanked me for being upfront about it.
They will attempt to take money from your account for any possible reasons.
They have very high monthly service charges if you do not maintain qualifications.
They will also take money without notifying you.
The customer service and staff at this bank are excellent!
And with redeeming old us savings bonds.
She is now closing her b of a accounts and transferring them to chase.
I am doing the same  - they truly still focus on customer service.
Call and speak to someone at corporate or your account will be thoroughly mucked up!
When my loan was paid off, they reported it to the credit agency just fine...
I absolutely am done with this bank.
Several times i've had missed automatic payments with the online automatic bill pay for this bank!
This is my go to bank because of the excellent service they provide.
Great staff here...very efficient and helpful, not to mention their people care about you and your banking needs.
I recommend anyone i know looking for a good bank to look into opening their account with compass.
I would think of banking anywhere else!
Do yourself and your bank account a favor and do it yourself.
When bank of america hires people that have no clue what they're doing!!!
Not one but two ass tards couldn't tell me correct information about closing my account!!!
They process new accounts and tie up tellers for an hour while the line gets longer.
Very poor  cost me money because tina the manager would not return a simple phone call.
4 employees here, 2 tellers and 2 bankers.
Bankers have people at their desks, tellers are both not serving anyone.
Apparently tellers can't get customers into the safe deposit boxes, only bankers.
I opened an account with the credit union.
I found our later, the account requires $50 to be held at all times.
So why open an account which requires a larger deposit than many banks, and offers less credit?
Should have never wasted our time with this bank.
I am writing this brief review because this is the corporate headquarters for bank of america.
This morning i recieved a urgent text from bank of america with a 267 prefix.
Thank you bank of america
We opened multiple accounts and car loan.
Coming to bank of america, the nation's 2nd largest bank by assets, finding branches is never a problem.
Viewing balances/transactions, transferring money, etc.
I called to consolidate some accounts.
After checking, she assured me everything was ready to go.
And trying to email those same bankers for support -- you never hear back from them.
Bet if you said you wanted to open an investment account, you would get a reply in seconds.
I hate this bank.
We changed all accounts to another local credit union, do not bank here.
I do all my banking with them & find them to be very friendly and helpful.
Needed to start accounts for my two girls and deposit a check and spent about 30min in there.
Friendly people, good service.
After locating this bank of america corporate hq page, i am not all surprised for this low rating.
I have my car loan through bank of america.
Beginning-mid december, i set up my account to make a recurring payment online.
With the holidays, i hadn't noticed the difference in a couple hundred bucks not taken out of my account.
I logged in and paid again and also saw on my account that on 1/26/15 my payment was accepted!!!!!!!!
I have been a member of other banks and organizations and have never had these issues.
In addition, i will never be a customer once my loan is done and will switch for life.
Nevada state bank is now gouging it's customers with a "minimum balance fee" of $7.50 per month.
The "little guy" is being robbed, monthly, for keeping his small savings in this bank.
Boycott nevada state bank, bank of america and, any bank that charges these ridiculous fees!
Love this bank.. can always rely on great service,  great people and attitudes..
They explain everything help with all your needs.. all my kids have an account with trust worthy bank
Absolutely the worst customer service i've ever had.
Spoke with 3 different customer service representatives to get the same run a round .
When this finally clears i will close my accounts with this bank and head straight to chase.
I look forward to spending 3 minutes closing my accounts
This review is for the bank of america corporation.
Being that it was a secondary account, i did not look at it often.
I cancelled the account within 24 hours and still i received phone calls starting at 8 am to 8 pm.
This is the best place to do your banking!
In fact when my husband retires & we move from nevada we are keeping our account there!
Also thick accent indians are your customer service reps yet their located in las vegas!
The service is extremely slow.
Thank god i'm only doing a deposit for someone's account.
I would never sign up with this bank.
I tried using this location for a car loan and had a very bad experience.
I end up driving out the same day they approved my loan for 3.9% within a couple of min.
I have good credit and money in the bank.
The interface accepting my bank info was not for automatic payments.
This bank doesn't even have that feature.
Don't use this bank.
I've been banking with them since 2006 and i don't have anything to complain about.
The tellers are nice and the service is exceptionally quick.
Personable and friendly is exactly how i like my bank.
I love this bank.
Still a 1-star bank.
The manager told me "you have to file a dispute with your bank, we don't service our own atms."
Are all banks as vicious?
They have drive up banking and a atm.
I went into the branch for a car loan and left with savings and checking account.
At the time the checking accounts gave 5.25% apy on your checking account balance, far better than any savings account.
Over the past two years that rate has dropped to 2.25%, which is still higher than most every savings account.
Their customer service is great.
Long time customer - worked in banking industry.
Zero customer service, even less customer loyalty.
Not the customers actually in the bank!
They only hire part-time and it shows in their service and reviews.
They are nothing but a cheap sales pitch - all talk and take with no customer service.
Sad... bank of america.
This is by far the worst bank.
Called customer service and they said it'll be here before midnight.
Do not bank here.
The worst bank for getting a loan you could ever imagine.
Everyone just get their paycheck and nobody cares about customer service.
I thought credit unions were supposed to be better than big corporate banks, unfortunately that is not the case.
Apparently, onenevada or nfcu, at some point, instituted a policy that account closures will incur a $20 fee.
Service is extremely slow even during non rush hours.
There are very few staff to attend to banking needs.
Do not bank with this branch.
Only two bankers available.
I highly recommend money usa.
This u.s. bank is great.
They have the best rates on loans & the best checking accounts.
They have free accounts for all military & students.
I recommend this bank.
If you are thinking of using this bank to finance your home.
The loan documents are to be to the title company 3 days prior to the close of escrow.
Haven't been able to get a hold of anyone to help me access my online account.
Interesting, since i do in fact have an account and a card to prove it.
I came here to do some banking this afternoon because your hours say that you're open on yelp.
Someone somehow was shopping away in miami and transferring $$ with my money putting me over $900 my limit!
I switched from associated bank to uwcu when i was 16 and will never look back.
I honestly can't imagine going to any other bank, even when i leave wisconsin!
Very bad experience when i went for opening checking and savings account today.
Decided not to open account finally, happy with bank of america.
I haven't been able to access my account for many months.
Years ago, they started charging me for a billpay service that had previously been free.
Needless to say, i took my money elsewhere and haven't looked back.
He says "no, what i mean is did someone pay you for a service?"
He then asks me if i'm happy with my bank.
We do have a local bank that we don't love.
I'm excited he's now my personal banker and financial guider.
To store my money?
You know, since you're a bank, a place for money.
I will be closing my accounts and moving on.
I have banked with sscu for 11 years.
Not only, did they not make all of the money available.
I spoke with daniel who insinuated that i was lying about putting the money in yesterday.
He said, "clearly, you do not understand how our bank works."
He was more concerned about being right than correcting the bank error.
Account will be closed at the end of the month.
Worst banking situation i could ever imagine.
They do not protect your money.
Stay away from this catastrophe of a bank.
You would think bofa would be able to provide better customer service.
I have had auto loans, personal loans and a credit card through them.
Currently have a personal loan and a credit card with them.
I am going to pay off all outstanding debt and then cancel my account.
Please stay away from this bank!
Do not bank here.
Do not use bank of america!
Put your hard earned money elsewhere.
Fees up the ass and terrible customer service.
I just closed my account keep yall posted if it closes!
If i ever need my bank account, i frequent this branch!!
For a bank this busy that's very much appreciated and acknowledged each and every time!
:)  i'm so happy to bank with them and have them cover my banking needs since i was 17!!
If i could give this bank, riverview branch, heloc department, and its associates a zero i would certainly do so.
Even though it was a 27k heloc, first the heloc department said my account did not exist.
The riverview branch for loans was horrible.
Be cautious with this bank.
From start to finish, this was banking the way i always wished it could be.
Bankers don't care about being speedy or courteous, but this branch is a little better.
Had fraudulent  activity, called the bank cancel the card opened an investigation.
Lesson learned - lie  to this bank never tell the truth.
I needed to come up and open another account.
Our banker aaron was very courteous and knowledgeable re: the questions we had.
Worst, worst bank ever.
Not only was the service great but claudia was kind enough to even offer me a cold bottle of water.
I called their customer service and can never get a straight answer.
Their customer service department is by far the rudest customer service i have ever dealt with.
I called customer service and this stupid indian lady kept telling me she would mail me a pin.
The frustration of dealing with customer service is horrible.
I don't have an account there, but i have done minor business there in the past.
I will head back there tomorrow and talk to the bank manager.
The beauty of this bank machine is it's proximity to so many "cash only" joints.
A previous time, vanessa, another employee helped us set up our savings accounts and credit cards.
Favorite bank of america   thanks for going out the way, we really really appreciate it!!!!
Every single time i come to any bank of america they have 1 teller working.
Want to be bankers in cheap suits asking if they can help you but they can't do anything.
Needed change and the atm does not provide that service.
Updated since they did finally give our money back.
I came here with a cashier's check from my other bank.
So for 10 business days i had no money.
Even though it has cleared, i can't even touch my own money.
If i have money that the check has cleared, then i should be able to use my money.
They are difficult to work with  i called to have my password reset for their online banking.
It should not be that difficult to get access to my account online.
Referred here by acquaintances who highly recommended the mortgage services.
The service people (not sure of their title) are outstanding as well.
I will be closing my account this month and taking my money/business elsewhere.
I can't even remember the last time i visited my money at this branch.
I only opened this account because i got free banking since i had a mortgage with us bank.
The service here is great because the tellers know what they are doing.
It saddens me that i'll have to close my accounts soon since i'll be refinancing my loan.
I called bank of america customer service...doesn't show any changes.
I can't believe the hours this bank has wasted my time and for the poor customer service this bank has.
Why wouldn't she just go to the bank of america website which should be a reliable source instead of wiki???
Their associates sit at desks and call you when it is your turn to be serviced.
This location provides stellar customer service.
I actually prefer it because it forces me to be more conscience of my money.
All the money is in the atm.
This never happens normally at banks.
If you need a great bank they're here to assist.
Who would ever think that breaking up with a bank, especially bank of america (whom everyone knows i hate!!!!
Trying to close my accounts was like pulling teeth.
I received a letter with a form that needed to be notarized and sent back east to close the account.
Or i could go to any bank of america location for assistance.
Instead i was greeted by the sweetest customer service associate, called brianna.
So this branch really stands out as best as it possibly can for bank of america.
Her warmth and personality and caring nature make her better suited to a local bank.
Ok. first i have had a fantastic experience with chase bank overall.
Now i came home from the same bank completely exasperated.
I would have walked out as well however i needed to put cash in someone's account.
After my nightmare at this bank i had to come home take tylwnol and lay down.
I will be checking in with the better better business bureau of nevada and the governors office.
That's supposed to be the selling point with a credit union - free checking.
There was more than enough money to pay it.
I went to southside for the first and only time last summer to deposit into my husband;s account.
I highly recommend this bank and branch to anyone and everyone interested in opening an account with a trustworthy bank!
That was the fastest i've ever been in this bank to pay my rent.
These customers i was auth today, are very familiar with banks and things we could do to make lives easier.
Also, only internationally do they spell it service "centre"....we here in the us spell it service "center."
Also, i see lots of people complaining about fraudulent charges on their account.
Shady practices, locking people out of their online account??
What kind of bank is this?
This bank should be reported on a federal level and capital one should really go after this bank as well.
I'm puzzled by the low rating for this bank.
I needed to pick a bank/credit union and was pleased with chase's options.
It's really easy to keep track of where my money is going.
I always receive great service and decided to use them for all my banking/financial needs.
I come to this branch pretty often to make deposits and get my banking business squared away.
Highly recommend the loan officer noah kovner.
You won't want to get your loan from anywhere else once you've spoken with them.
Somehow my bank account info disappeared twice from my account.
It should be bank of the worst or bank of the old ladies.
They closed my account after two months because they didn't like my cash deposits.
After comparing rates, closing costs, customer service, points, lenders... we realized how little we knew about mortgages.
We have good credit and had difficulty making payments so they closed our account.
The problem was not with our bank or funds, but on credit one's side.
Bank in vegas is shady.
Get other card from reputable bank not from las vegas.
Eh.....you gotta get money from atm sometimes
While i am still not a fan of taking money of customer's sight, i think the remedial effort was applaudable.
This citibank branch is a joke.
I went into their branch with a citibank check issued by citibank in new castle, delaware.
They said that any citibank branch should cash the checks.
Why is this branch even open if they don't want to act like a bank.
I got a credit one bank card for about 1.5 years to restore my credit.
At the same time i also closed my account.
I received a bill in april of 2015  (5months later) stating i owed them money.
They said my card on file to pay my credit one bank card was declined.
Today 09/03/15 i receive a bill (5months later) again, to say i owe money.
They claim i did not close the account and that the fees piled up.
I might get my money in a couple days.
I will never return to this branch, and may look for a new bank.
They need to reevaluate their customer service.
No customer service at all.
When i went it, i told the teller i had to discuss my checking account with someone re: monthly fees.
Never in my life has any bank issues been so easy.
I will continue using this particular bank just because of their services!!
I went in to this branch with a preprinted deposit slip for my account, along with a check for.....gasp!
I had emptied my piggy bank, rolled up the coins, and brought it all in.
The absolute worst in customer service!
I would recommend suzie to anyone that wants a "great" bank representative.
I am closing my checking, business checking and equity line of credit on bank of america.
I have had numerous problems with this bank.
Mind you i have paid off at least 3 loans in the last 2 years to build my credit up.
I think i choose the wrong institution to do business with.....i'm taking my money and going elsewhere.
If i could give this bank a no star review, i would.
With their new "big bank" policies, i'm unsure how they can feasibly call themselves a credit union.
My money will be transferred to a local credit union within the month.
Closing my cd account and all other accounts with this institution.
I wanted to refi my auto loan and the staff at oncu took great care of me.
I look forward to banking with one nevada credit union.
I'm going to payoff the balance and cancel this account.
Very poor customer service and active investigation on fraud activities...
On one occasion, i had to change the signing authority on a commercial account.
The person who handled my commercial banking request had the dopiest look.
There are other loan/bankers inside but always only been two tellers.
I've almost had faster service at the dmv!
3 branches to service over 500 square miles means you are an online bank.
Azfcu is now bank big gulp.
And this place has been my go-to bank because it's close to my house.
Every time i step my foot on this bank, i'm always greeted with a smile!
There are more parking spaces at the back space of the bank.
Worst customer service i have ever experienced!!!!!
I am now a proud member of the chase bank right across the street!!!!
Please i beg you people don't open any account.
Their customer service is the worse in the world and they don't help you.
Busey bank is for you if you  have tons of money are ready for the exciting world of investment banking!!!
I also made time to find a new bank.
On a positive note, their customer service is very friendly.
I would recommend this team to anyone looking for employment or a mortgage loan.
I use this bank almost every other day.
I couldn't ask for kinder bankers.
Thank you for the continuous outstanding customer service.
Ryan takes such good care of my account!!
I went to the macleod trail branch to move my money to a less negligent establishment.
I go here for my merchant banking because it's close to my place, but no longer.
Time to find a new bank.
The service at this branch continues to go downhill.
They are not guest service minded anymore.
This bank is awful due to the people working in it.
I've been using banks all over the u. s. for 48 years and never been treated so poorly.
This morning he said to husband about our 4 month old business account, "your business really isn't generating any money.!"
This has happened countless times and the phone automation thing sometimes will take forever to unfreeze your account.
Excellent, freindly service with a smile.
This is the place where you want to conduct all your banking buisness.
Why have a bank that is like having another mouth to feed or child to care for.
Opening up a new account across the street today.
I've visited this branch on two separate occasions to set up new accounts.
They wont be around for to long with there bad costumer services!
They have and i mean the worst costumer services!
I absolutely despise this in-store 'so called bank' that lacks any customer service skills.
*** i will no longer ever use these buttheads and will be moving my accounts now to another bank.
I left this branch angry, and the account holder was also angry- at this bank.
Bofa does not want a complaint coming from that account.
From what i know they have a couple basic ways you can have your account set up.
I have used the electronic account and it has served me well.
Then you would only pay a fee when you use your debit card or use electronic services like the atm.
My phone number was changed and strange charges started showing up on my account.
After several years of carrying this card; i finally closed the account, goodby.
The foreign customer service attendant could do nothing about the monthly service charge.
They were nice and understanding and got me out of a bad loan.
It's just so they can eventually charge the strangely worded annual monthly fee payment and collect more of my money.
My whole family banks here and that family tradition will keep on going.
I have a visa secured credit card with them and because of it, a savings account.
The only option is to "move money" from their savings account onto the secured credit card.
How many of you cannot pay your visa with your checking account?
Called their customer service, after being on hold for 31 minutes, i was hung up on.
Called the lady that opened my account, voicemail.
Left a voicemail to the lady who opened my account and hopefully she will get back to me.
I can only pay it online using the debit card from a different bank and paying the $18 fee.
I'm closing my account and going someplace else.
I come to this bank almost everyday to make the deposit for my work.
After 11 yrs a customer and their level change i'm getting charged 7$ a month to have my accounts there.
Sadly, today i cancelled all my accounts.
Some time ago they were my main banking source when i lived in arizona.
I had my savings account, a car loan and a line of credit with them.
If i was a bank robber, i'd have a field day in this bank because there's very rarely a teller.
Bb&t - if you ever read these, hire some teller for your banks!
I hold my bank to a higher standard as it is handling my money for me.
Awful customer service, i wish i could give them 0 stars.
Worst bank branch ever!
So, you're looking for a new bank and you thought you might check out a credit union ?
Is it because it used to be onlly "special" people are allowed to bank there... "members"?
Or because you want a "small town" type bank?
Need a check from your own account?...
Yet another reason as to why banking with cccu is the best.
Customer service, or what they define as such,  has never been very good and has been declining over the years.
Today i went in to close several  cd accounts and it took about 40 minutes.
Rates (loans or deposits) are nothing special.
Service there is pretty much the worst i have ever seen at a financial institution.
In fact, i remember opening my first checking account here when i was in high school.
She actually recommended that i close my account, which i was more than happy to do.
There was a time customer service went along with desert schools not any more.
Thanks again claudia for your exceptional customer service!
Also, i have never made it out of this bank in under 15 minutes.
Navy federal has better service and options as well as convenience.
I will be closing my account with clark county soon.
I had no idea wells fargo offered free notary services.
I've had some banking issues in the past which frustrated me but it was never the tellers fault.
The combination of my chase app, atm deposit capability and their service is a reason i choose chase.
I personally do not bank with chase, but the business i run does.
Also i pay my rent through chase because that's the bank the realty company uses.
We recently had a change in the business and had a new account set up.
It definitely makes me grateful for the bank that i use for my personal account.
I was told certified funds such as cash, money order etc.
Quick and easy if you do not want to deal with bank tellers for deposits and withdrawals.
This bank lost a check for $57,000.
Love the bank but not the employees.
Great service and i love to support my local community
They did the loan for a buyer purchasing one of my listings.
Once they missed the first closing date, the loan officer just stopped answering his phone or email.
He literally just went off grid on this loan.
I'll never go back to that location and will never open a account with them.
My job has the account that's the only reason i was there.
That makes me appreciate my personal bank chase even more.
At the time of loan qualification i was told my payment was going to be 330.81.
My beef is actually with wells fargo bank in general, and not necessarily the chandler branch.
I've been a cccu member since april 2014, i now have a auto loan, checking, savings & unsecured credit card.
I have nothing but good things to say about this bank.
They have approved me for my auto refi where some banks have denied me!
Worse bank experience every time i go here.
I don't bank here but i come frequently to deposit $ in someone's account.
I do most of my banking that way.
Went to the bank this afternoon since needed questions answered about my account that could not answer.
Got a fraud alert on my account and it wanted to make sure that i am an american citizen.
Just terrible customer service.
Worst costumer service ever.
Closing my accounts and taking my loan else where.
Other branches we have visited have also been outstanding with service.
We have referred many friends, family members and clients and they all love this bank, especially this branch!
He signed us up to meet a banker who could assist us and open a new account.
It had only been 15 minutes when our banker, mr. david van vorce took us to his office.
He also showed us boa's new mobile app services, and admittedly, i learned as well.
He was able to safe me thousands, not hundreds, on my home loan.
That's a winning combination, save money and get the best professional assistance from a savvy pro!
Very easy experience, no hassle, great customer service,  and there agent charlene was very helpful!
It use to be a great place to do banking, but now is filled with barely competent unseasoned tellers.
Rather intrusive, but in a pinch, this is a site that will just service your needs.
Unfortunately,  i do not have access to my account number.
I couldn't imagine being stationed any further and having to visit phoenix just to withdraw money.
We will be visiting shortly and closing our account!
On a happy day for me at work, i went to the bank.
Does visa really charge that much to use their services?
Went in to open an account and had to fill out a quick 30 second application.
I got upset and said forget it just give me my money back.
She gave me cash and basically told me i had to eat my bank fees for the transaction that occured.
The waste of gas and time would be the same for the bank fees.
Banks have better customer service and they aren't even customer service based.
Us bank has some issues.
Will be closing both my accounts and moving to a more professional bank
For example, the delay between opening your account and being able to make remote deposits is ludicrous.
However, despite a few genuinely good perks and pleasant customer service, i would suggest banking elsewhere.
I've been coming to this bank for years... never thought to write a review until now.
If it wasn't for my wells fargo accounts that i really like,  i would not bank here.
I've never expected much being a bank and all but a smile and hello go a long way.
They closed my account for no reason.
Customer service is horrible and very unhelpful.
A $20 service fee to cash a check.
Because i had no other option to get the money that i had worked for, i paid the fee.
They refused to cash my payroll check (drawn from their bank) unless i had an account with them.
I would never bank with this type of bank!
The bank has since followed up wiht me after this review in an effort to make things right.
We ended up in bankruptcy.
I received a capital 1 account.... i worked on good payment history.
So, i called to make payment to pay off account.
When i was in college, i had signed up for them as student loans.
Location has regular "bank hours" for walk-in/in-person transactions.
Creditone refuses to verify my account information to a 3rd party, with my consent.
They outsource all customer service out of country, then transfer to las vegas when you request a second level manager.
Don't bother to turn left, this is the area where you would open a new account.
In my experience, customer service in this area needs some work.
I agree with earlier posts regarding the atm machine being difficult to see & the bank's website.
The service overall with this bank is just going downhill.
The first time i got the impression he had never opened an account before.
Then i sat and waited another 10min for him to figure out how to open my checking account.
I've been here for 35 min and my account is still not open.
My other bank is chase, and they are always fast.
Omg, when are business customer service ever going to improve to show their customers how much they value their business!!!
At this point i don't know who's customer service is worst, boa or cox!
Shame on their services that how they treat their clients
Extremely slow in loan processing.
After 9 weeks, i withdrew my loan application.
The loan person over mortgage is not the brightest person.
Never never bank here if any sort.
It's only when you need help that the bank begins finger pointing.
Horrible customer service....avoid at all costs!
Higher interest rates than traditional banks,  great source for mutual funds & investments; as well as mortgages; even commercial.
So for the last few months it's been costing me $12 a month to save money.
I went in and asked for my money back and they refused.
So i closed my saving account.
Next week i will cancel my checking account and my credit card.
Loyalty doesn't mean anything to this bank.
Often, he proposes ideas to save me money and secure my future further (who doesn't want that!).
She then asks me to verify the date i opened my account with one nevada.
I have had my account for years!!
I'm not calling to ask for money or personal information, i'm trying to prevent someone from using my card fraudulently.
I went through a three month construction loan process, in which i was approved about a month into.
Also, my builder i was using was been known from the very beginning of this loan process.
If you do on line banking stay away until they get their act together.
It's so sad that i can't reach an actual person when i call customer service.
How can you call yourself a bank if you don't even take your customer's calls??
Worst banking experience ever.
I tell him, i am here to open an account.
I've been with ssscu for about 3 years and i needed a loan.
Jane dela cruz assisted me with my loan and credit card process very smoothly and efficiently.
We did the loan transaction over the phone and signed off on email and i thought that was very easy.
She's very helpful in getting me my loan and credit card.
I would highly recommend jane dela cruz for any loan transaction or credit card approval.
This bank really went downhill over the years.
Then today we get a notice saying we will be charged an inactive fee for the account.
Luckily we still had address forwarding on our mail, so the ignorant bigots couldn't prevent us from receiving our money.
Very rude and obnoxious customer service, dirty branch.
It is easy to brag about steve jarosh at midfirst bank.
He is the vice president/east valley business banking manager.
This is just the worst bank every time that i come here.
I haven't had good experiences with the bank of america telephone helpline.
However, today i was so pleased with amazing customer service.
I explained my issue to brian the bank teller.
I am a very satisfied customer and i am thankful to have my finances at bank of america.
Having banked with boa for over 35 years, i was completely disillusioned by the poor service at this branch.
There was also a perky young woman greeting people at the door, and trying to direct customers to self service.
There wasn't even a sign that said bank of america parking.
Teresa popp was amazing in helping me with my auto loan 1.99%.
Plus a 0.25% promo, my loan will be 1.74%.
Very easy and painless auto loan ever!!!!
Just first rate service always.
I opened an auto loan yesterday and leesa lopez assisted me in doing so.
We charged the full cost of the condo on our costco citibank credit card.
Bank of america is the absolute worst financial institution i have ever had to deal with in 30 years.
This account was hacked.
They so pissed me off i closed the accounts.
First time i opened a credit union account and i had a very positive experience.
I tested my bankers patience this past week.
While i was signing my loan he had many people waiting for him in the lobby.
I have always had great service and been very happy with all of my insurance needs.
My husband and i recently had the pleasure of working with skyler spicer on a loan.
As soon as i sat back down inside, the banker informed me that the freeze was still there.
This was, at best, a mediocre experience with customer service and left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Also, the drive thru atm does not count money correctly.
I had to go inside to deposit the money with the teller.
I told her i thank  god i counted the money before i put it in because sometimes i don't.
I'm sure they would care if the machine was spitting out too much money.
Do not use this bank for a home mortgage.
Spoke to the bank president sharon, who could only apologize and not correct their wrong doing.
Bottom line they made more money on their gross mistake and i am left to pay for negligence.
What a terrible bank!
1) customer service is not open after 2pm on saturdays or all day sunday (no emergency number).
2) online banking has never worked for me.
Your card will be denied (as if you didn't have funds in the account).
I go check my bank account, sure enough, it had been.
Two days later, i get a physical copy in the mail saying that they couldn't "locate my account".
Especially since i watched the money leave my account and come bac, with a bank statement of proof, as well.
I call customer service and get the biggest runaround.
The second payment has been returned for the same reason and they've closed my account.
Customer service is atrocious and literally only reads things line for line with no real independent thought.
He still saved me some money and added gap insurance.
Now i have my bank accounts with them and a personal loan.
I cannot even make an online account.
Customer service is terrible and i now definitely do not trust this company.
This bank of america is the worst of the worst.
Then charge you an arm and a leg to access your money.
I'd trust my money to bernie madoff rather than this scum-sucking company.
Bank with a credit union http://www.moveyourmoneyproject.org/
No accountability for anything!!!!!!
In less than a month, i have closed out my accounts there.
Do fucking bank here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Decent customer service in the lobby.
Bank of america never has enough tellers working.
If you actually have to ever go in the branch, which i do, this is not the bank for you.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Wonderful staff, excellent customer service.
I have used title loan companies in the past and not with the greatest experience.
I hope to move all my banking there as soon as possible.
I asked for a fee to be waived because of my account balance.
I understand certain rules, but my account currently has the necessary balance for the fee to be waived.
In my opinion, that is awful customer service and could have easily been taken care of by the manager.
I will be closing my account.
I recommend this branch in emergency banking purposes only
I am on hold with customer service again and this is my first payment.
So i came home attempted to log into my account but couldn't so i called on a saturday "closed".
Anyways another east indian tells me that i can't access my account until i provide verification from my bank?
I asked for what and he replied to open my account again.
I said i don't understand i need to access my account to make payments, watch activity, etc.
Again, you need to send verification from your bank that you made a payment.
He said not until you mail in your verification from the bank.
So here is the good part, ok i want to close my account!
I asked so do you mean to tell me i have no further action to close my account permanently?
Close your account and stop the bleeding.
After more than 50 years dealing with banks, this was a stellar experience.
Bank of america your service is lousy in most locations, especially the nicer ones.
Nicer the area, ruder the customer service is.
A train wreck, bank elsewhere.
The customer service and financial planning services are phenomenal.
Terrible service here...under staffed on what seems to be common sense busy days  ...friday and saturday.
Hands down much better then b of a so i closed that account and moved everything to wf.
They don't have much in the way of online banking yet (bill pay).
I much prefer dealing with these guys over the big corporate banks.
I will be closing my account.
Switching to an online only bank.
A nice community bank that has all the bells and whistles of the major banks without the sterile, major-bank feel.
A great bank i'd recommend to anyone.
If you're looking for a new bank and you live on the west side, you really should check them out.
And then they interogate you for some more information on the account to see if your the owner or not.
Upon my second visit, i was directed to the manager of customer service.
One of the best service i've had with personal banker, pranay naidu.
Kyndra made it a quick and easy process to open a checking account.
I've been with bb&t for 4 years and i'm now considering changing who i bank with.
Going to the bank should never be comparable to the dmv and this one was worse than that.
The bank was busy during our visit and they only had one person at the window.
This is a reoccurring thing with this bank.
Fast, friendly and all around great service.
All other banks request switching but none can compare to bofa online.. and they know it.
Overall, i like banking with them.
I desperately wish they would update the atm's to post cash deposits immediately to your account.
Ohhh man i got an auto loan from this company and it was pretty much down hill from day one.
First it took me a month to open a checking account to be able to pay the car loan online.
By the end of the month i had two checking accounts and two savings accounts.
So after that headache 9 months later i transferred money into the credit union from the credit union website.
I borrowed money to pay off the car loan just to get out of there.
From nj and i needed to find a bank that was local.
I researched many banks (and their programs) and couldn't decide between wells fargo and bank of america.
After reading reviews (and seeing which  services were best) i decided to go with boa and i'm glad i did.
I definitely recommend this location to set up any accounts.
My bank advisor was vondrelle.
Undivided attention, friendly conversations, common-sensical money handling practice are things the tellers at this chase branch do not have.
The teller here certainly don't understand this elementary point of customer service.
What's more mind-blowing is the fact that my teller took the money out of my sight to count.
This ensures that there is no question as to how the money is handled/counted.
She ostensibly got offended because i made her feel like she was stealing my money.
I rarely use the banking center as everything nowadays is conducted online.
Credit one bank will not give credit to anybody with average or above average credit.
Credit one bank only deals with risky people.
I have recently opened an account at another financial institution and will be transferring my loan asap.
Thank you adrian esparza, he is a personal banker in this branch.
I closed my account.
I'm only giving one star for this bank because i like afcu just not this location!
You know that thing called customer service?
Way better customer service
Clark howard recommends credit unions over banks.
However i would not recommend this credit union over most banks.
With my current bank, all monthly fees are waived since i have direct deposit.
My current bank has no such limit.
3) their loan rates are noncompetitive.
Even as a member i was always able to get better loan rates at other banks.
And i'm talking a couple of house refis, a home equity line of credit, and a car loan.
Maybe clark howard has other credit unions in mind when he recommends them over the "big monster mega-banks."
Really bad experience and customer service.
Overall really bad customer service and experience.
They are reporting an account on my husband's credit report that is not his.
This is my regular neighbourhood td bank - pros:  easily accessible, decent hours cons:  that there are security guards often.
The lines are sometimes long, but that's how it is at a bank.
Just your average chase bank with your average chase employees.
The service at this bank just keeps getting worse.
Definitely the worse banking experience available.
I've never been a td bank fan but this is not a td issue, this is a management issue.
Friendly and goes the extra mile.. my favorite bank and my favorite location
I value great service wherever i go and this office gives just that, genuine great service.
One nevada credit union green valley branch financed the loan.
I was amazed that the speed my loan processed.
The service at this branch was outstanding.
We are closing our accounts and taking our business elsewhere.
Allowing customers to balance account at the teller.
I am very satisfied with this bank.
Dont ask me if its my account who cares i am putting money in not out.
They have ridiculous fees, horrible penalties, and poor customer service.
This credit union is as greedy as the big banks.
We have 2 car loans through this credit union.
We receive one statement for both loans.
I started paying both loans by mailing a check.
Even though they had a copy of the statement, they applied both payments to only one of the car loans.
Then i paid through my bank.
Then i paid on separate days through my bank.
This is one of the worst decisions we made by having our loan with this credit union.
I have never dealt with a more incompetent account's receivable department than this credit union has to offer.
Didn't interact with of the employees however i'm really enjoying having an account with sun trust.
This is one of my favorite banks in the las vegas area.
It all started when i had fraud on my account.
Apparently some thief stole my checks and decided to go on a shopping spree and use my checking account.
If you want a better banking experience for your business, go to chase.
We're glad we moved and are done with the daily drama of banking at dsfcu.
I have my auto loan here.
This place is gotta be one if not the worst place to recieve a decent service.
If it wasnt for my car loan, i will never ever attempt to put any penny at this place.
Believe me.. do not bank this place you will regret it.
I've been a customer of uwcu for almost a year and have been very satisfied with the service.
Another bank would not verify a check i had written on my account with the other bank.
I will never be back at this location bad service!
My experience with credit one bank has been terrible.
Their customer service is terrible.
I canceled my account.
I was never a fan of chase bank when they bought out washington mutual.
I was a long time customer at washington mutual and loved the service i always got with them.
The thought of going to a large bank had me leary.
When i moved to las vegas and opened my business i went to set up a business account.
Just the type of service i love.
Therefore, one would believe your account has a fraudulent attack on it - but that is not the case.
Overall, my experience with us bank has been in most ways less enjoyable and less convenient then with wells fargo.
As someone in customer service this appalls me to no end.
The stars are for the merchandise but pawn 1st you get zero stars your total disregard for customer service.
Been there for years, now have a $5.00 a month fee for having a saving account.
Pulling my money and taking it elsewhere.
I came in to the bank for a quick withdrawal.
Credit one has relentlessly been spamming my email account since 2016.
Contacting the bank directly is impossible.
This is the slowest bank of america i have ever been to.
This is by far the best wf branch i've banked with.
This week, i received excellent customer service from mr. hernandez.
My mom and i went in today for some help to change some account numbers due to a fraud situation.
Do yourself a favor and us any other bank, but not this one!!!
The bank must really be scrapping the bottom of the barrel with this choice for the position!!
Their customer service is horrible.
I was having a hard time logging into my account online.
Great service, at a great bank!
Any day, or any time i have performed business here, i've always experienced prompt exceptional courteous service.
This is the best bank by far, of any others in the valley!
I had two accounts in mi, one citizen bank and the other chase.
So i immediately went online to transfer the funds from citizen bank to my chase account.
Their personal and professional approach will make me a lifetime, loyal chase bank customer.
Thank you mandy and shawn and thank you chase bank!
He had great customer service.
Dennae opened up a savings and checking account for me; she made the process incredibly easy and pleasant!
Very easy group to deal with and made my loan and subsequent home buying process extremely efficient.
This branch was on my list to open a business checking account since they were close to home.
Why is this bank even still open?
Not great for customer service.
Often when i come here the manager is walking around pushing online services.
Customer service is horrible and talking with someone is a bear and you feel like you are ruining their day.
For being a "community" credit union, they have the behaviors of a big bank.
I had not heard of this credit union until my auto loan was picked up by them.
The customer service is bad here.
She needs to have better attitude in customer service!
They have the worst customer service.
By far the worst service i've seen in 15yrs.
This bank held my $2500 check for an entire week.
Opening new usaa bank account.
Had to finance a new car loan through them.
Anyhow, money was never taken out of our account and guess what?
They are showing our account as delinquent.
I couldn't be more pleased with the customer service i have received at this particular branch.
I would highly recommend banking here !
I banking with chase and it's the best bank in the us.
Fast service and very pleasant experience.
This is the worst, least customer service oriented corporation i have ever worked with in my life.
A rundown:  started an account and wanted a higher interest rate so i chose a market rate savings account.
The bank manager set me up with over-draft protection and i went home happy.
Called the customer service number.
Called the customer service number again.
Spoke with an agent who cheerfully remarked "oh, that's silly that your account isn't set up for over-draft protection.
Called and explained that i had been told by a rep that my account was eligible for over-draft protection.
Worst bank in the whole wide world.
I am a loan office and an mba.
It would do the country a great service is these guys went out of business.
Their rates are high, their loan approvals very low.
I cannot believe that it is serviced by people who leave it in its present condition.
I have never seen such poor customer service before.
I have been with us bank for over 15 years and am in the process of closing out my accounts.
Us bank should be held liable to pay all fees for their mistake.
Furthermore, i am closing out all my business and personal accounts and going to a bank who communicates.
Go to a different bank
If you can afford all their fees, put your money away and get a prepaid credit card from your bank.
It's your money and you can rebuild your credit, with no outrageous fees!!
Their fees are very high...there are other cards with more moderate fees, better customer service and reputation.
Customer service is contracted in india, ( not a bad thing, but come on, if your an american company.
Outsourcing customer service is pretty low.
My husband and i have accounts here- he used to work for b of a, for 14 years.
Eva was really nice- she was personal banker, but we haven't seen her lately.
Do not bank with this financial institution!!!!
I will continue to bank with clark county credit union of which i have never had any issues!
A customer ask a direct question and she responds with banking rhetoric unrelated to the question asked.
She would not or could not explain the bank transaction processing practices.
Worst bank experience ever!
This is my bank that i use practically every week.
It's another lackluster performance and nonexistent customer service from ssscu.
You would be better off at a big box bank.
I doubt i will be back just to withdraw money to wait twenty minutes
The customer service at this branch is top notch!
Liars and thieves there are many ethical banks to deal with in metro phoenix --this isn't one of them.
Came to an agreement for the 60 month loan and was told the documents would be ready the following day.
Came in the next day to sign and was handed the loan documents and--they had written in 63 months.
I had opened a savings and checking account previously as they required these accounts in place for the loan.
Will complain to every agency dealing with banking and business.
We have had accounts here (this review is not location specific) for 15+ years.
However in the last 7 years we've started the process of moving our money to other institutions.
And the service is not as good as it once was.
First, we had a business account with them for and it was always, like other accounts, free.
But then without any warning/notice we had a fee attached to our account.
So we moved our business account to another institution.
We never step foot in a local branch (save applying for a home loan-- more on that in a minute).
We do all our banking online.
Don't owe anyone any money.
Lastly, they have a very nonexistent home loan program.
Don't expect prompt service.
Better yet don't expect service.
Because you won't  get service.
If you are a service member or former service member i suggest usaa.com.
You can get better, service elsewhere and without all the fees.
I struggled with banks for the longest time because desert schools did not have a business section.
It's charges for that, it's charges for this-that seems to be the way of the big business banking machine.
Update: they did nothing about my issue below not even an apology for their poor service.
My husband and i have been banking here since 2005.
We hand the strapped $10k to the male bank teller.
He asked us the amount and i said $10 thousand to be deposited into checking.
We are closing our accounts asap!
This bank can not be trusted!
That is horrible customer service.
You cannot trust the accounting department at banner federal credit union.
Those people in accounting are idiots and charge you hidden fees and don't even explain to you why.
Please take your money elsewhere this bank does not deserve their customers!
I would say hands down the best banking experience i've ever had.
I was completely in shock but also wowed by that personalized customer service.
Good customer service is a rare thing in this day, and i realize that.
My wife and i went to this bank, which is between clover and lake wylie, on 49.
We spoke with an employee about a home equity loan.
We ended up going to wachovia and they gave us a better deal anyways, and good customer service!
Loan sharks would be better to work with!
This is a direct reflection on the person in charge of the bank.
This branch has the worst customer service i will never come back or recommend this business to any one .
What kind of bank cant break a hundred dollar bill?
Just absurd that i have to go to a different bank to break a bill
I switched to this bank after having a number of bad experiences with ohio savings bank.
My experiences with this bank were largely good.
On my account and you guys blow it all up in a few short months.
Well i got four more so an account that was ~$200 overdrawn was soon close to $500.
I get an email that said i could call and check my options to fix my account.
To say the customer service is terrible is an understatement.
I would definitely use their services again in the future and recommend them to any first time buyers.
Very bad bank for regular people who need a run of the mill checking account.
This results in my deposits sometimes not actually being credited to my account until several days after they are deposited.
Horrible horrible customer service.
So rude i would never trust them with my money!!
If you need a home loan i'm not aware of a better option.
Chatting online with someone.... they directed me to the phone service.
A competitor said they are never able to close within 30 days but they did on my loan.
Otherwise, great "bank" inside of frys.
They always have the best rates and the best customer service.
However once i linked my bank account to make my payments from, there were 2 small deposits that i verified.
I was very surprised today when my account was suspended without letting me know the issue, so i called.
Both my banker and myself were 'what!!!'.
Am so pissed off at this bank!!!
Don't accept any credit from this bank!!!
I have come to dislike bank of america.
Had to stop in a visit this location for some banking services.
I am extremely impressed with the level of customer service provided.
We try coming to this bank at all different times of days on different days and we're always disappointed.
Monday's and friday's are usually the busiest days for banks and they only ever have 1 or 2 tellers working.
I've been banking for 45 years and have never experienced such poor customer service.
I wanted to also set up power of attorney on her checking account, but didn't have another 2.5 hours available.
I don't know why but absolutely every single bank of america is like that.
They always have the best customer service and the lines or drive through move quickly.
The branch manager and mortgage banker are so super helpful!
I wish i could give this place no stars the customer service sucks ass they're slow and unorganized.
I have had two auto and one signature loan with no problems.
We also have used their free notary service many times.
Smaller crédit union, but offers good rates on vehicles avid decent interest in savings.
If you are part of the banner health system i would recommend you open an account.
You'll appreciate their customer service and as an account holder, you become part owner in their operations.
She explained the terms of the loan clearly.
I found the terms to be fair, even lenient considering the horror stories i've heard about regarding car title loans.
Last week i visited this bank to deposit cash in their outside atm.
After inserting nearly $500, the atm took the money, said transaction completed but failed to give me a receipt.
I immediately checked my account and the money had not deposited.
I went inside and spoke with an attendant you confirmed the money did not post.
Giving this bank a 5 star not because of their atm, but their exceptional team.
Not impressed with services.
Can't deposit cash into my sons account.
So i get a cashiers check from my bank of america down the road.
The chase customer service line told me to call the branch....  what a run around!
I would never recommend this bank!
Since when can one not deposit cash into an account?
I enjoy banking with wells fargo.
The bank is always clean and the people at this location always greet me with a smile.
As long as i have money in the bank.
I'm guessing because the concept of customer service is foreign to them.
Many thanks to bank of america for waiving there fees and cashing this check like the professionals they are.
Trust me it will save you headaches, time, and money.
I am ready to pull all my money from the bank due to my interaction today.
I wanted to get some new 20 dollar bills  and was told they only get new paper money at christmas.
This credit union is more like a big bank.
Wish i had never opened an account here.
They have taken so much of my money and now it is a nightmare just trying to close my account.
Time to close this account.
I've had a riverset/pittsburgh teacher's credit savings account since i was a child.
I like the personal feel that a credit union offers over a bigger banking institution.
I no longer use bank of america and yet they are soliciting my business.
I received personal banking info of a bank of america customer in my post office box for years.
I took the mail to bank of america and told them about the problem.
Months and months pass by and i still received the bank statements.
Hope the next person that gets these bank statements is honest as well.
Not good right before a holiday and the closest bank to the entrance to the 101.
I love  us bank.
Sed and his staff always put customer service first.
The manager, tellers, and personal bankers here have been extremely helpful in getting my accounts in order!
I do my banking at this branch whenever possible!
Always have good luck with usbank always nice and professional!
I've had account for many years never a problem.
Just opened a new account today.
After 11 years of banking with them, i've decided to take business/money else where.
It read that it could not process my transaction and did not give me my money back.
I'm am now wondering should i even bank with one nevada.
Like most people, i worked hard for the money i entrusted riverset with.
They have so many back door policies that forces you to agree or you can't check your accounts.
Only one teller window was "open" although there were 4 bank employees behind the counter.
The atm is working but you can't go inside the bank for business.
I'm one step closer in closing my accounts for what they did today.
I paid my loan in full...or so i thought.
Since the amount due was a tiny bit higher than the account balance, i paid the amount due.
Today - something told me to check my account.
I logged on - and saw that my loan was delinquent.
But i paid the account in full on tuesday!
Indicated that she could not access my account because it was delinquent.
She was quick to suggest that she could transfer the amount from my checking into the loan.
This establishment is so money-hungry it's ridiculous.
If the true amount had been reflected on my account online, i would have paid it.
Come in here and ask for robert if you're trying to open a new business account.
They offer free night drop services, which i highly recommend if you have employees dealing with cash.
Would highly recommend and i experienced great service today!
This credit one bank visa platinum is an absolute scam.
No cash deposits unless it's your own account!!
They need to just close this thingl, it's not a bank if you don't deal with cash!
Overall, the customer service was great and if i had to work with anyone it would have to be her.
When i got my new card, the balance had been transferred and $50 had been credited back to my account.
A supervisor, and was then transferred to customer service.
Not only that, she never counted back the money to us and simply shoved it into an envelope.
Work with the banks located on green valley and stephanie.
Originated the account at stephanie and have had nothing but good experiences with the manager cheryl.
We did get the account closed, but only after going six levels into "supervisors".
Every time i call customer service they barely speak english and i get different answers each time.
Their customer service is horrible.
I am going to close this account immediately.
I have always been happy with my service.
The customer service is good.
I ended up going to another bank to get a secured credit card.
I was disappointed but my own bank did not have this option for me.
Fortunately that secured credit card option at the other bank worked out and i built my credit.
This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there.
I have a car loan with them.
And i call to get advice on how my car loan dates can change.
There is no need to shop further for a title loan- this is the place, ask for claudia.
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
Good service  i've been a member of the credit union for nearly a year now.
I have a checking, savings, and ira account so i go to the credit union fairly often.
It took a short time to set up my account.
Overall, i would recommend this credit union, over big banks.
I left behind a huntington bank and i absolutely adored them.
I have never had any hassles with them and my banking life was a breeze.
Very frustrating when all your cash is in an account that you can't even go inside to use.
They have a few good things too, like the referral system, and the matching savings, but overall, i expected more.
I was able to get it all done super fast and easy thanks to super austin at us bank.
Thanks for the friendly, great service guys!
Good bye us bank i hope you fail!!!
They are the worst bank in nevada in my opinion.
I hate chase bank.
Customer service is horrible.
I decided to open a checking account there thinking i could transfer money to car note... lol.
I've had my account since february.
Pat estfan and his staff with state farm have provided us with exceptional service and a superior product.
I am giving onenv (1) more shot and will keep my accounts open.
The customer service is ok.
This is just one example of the ways in which this bank stands out above the rest.
The atm branch is not as extensive as many banks, however.
This bank is excellent to use if you live or work near one of its branches.
Quick efficient service with minimal wait time!
I'm super upset, this bank does not allow you to deposit cash into anyone's account unless you bank at chase!!!
My friends in a jam and i can't put cash into her account!!
This is why i will never bank here!
If anyone is looking for a new place to bank with great customer service, please check out us bank
Best bank in the land!!!
I've tried the other major banks and got nothing but fees fees and extra fees.
From auto refi to small loans..you get the best rates.
I had a new account and my check deposited before i had to be back at work!
I came here to pick up some money to buy a new to me car.
I was in a hurry and i didn't count the money at the bank.
It was really sketchy anyway and i didn't feel like counting the money there.
I called the bank and they balanced their register.
That teller either stole my money or they balanced the wrong teller.
Either way this isn't how a bank earns trust.
I've had my personal and business accounts with dsfcu for many years.
I always recommended them to anyone looking for a place to bank.
The last several years banking with them has become very disappointing.
I keep a spending balance in checking, then transfer funds as needed to cover my bills.
It's time to focus my energy on finding a more convenient, more capable banking institution.
I went to a branch and had the card cancelled and they eventually replaced the money.
Well, i'm pulling my accounts immediately.
Desert schools could care less about your identity and theft, not to mention the neutered customer service.
This company has the worst customer service.
I've been locked out of my account since i've had the account and nobody has resolved it.
I actually think this is a tactic to make more money.
People who struggle financially always get taken advantage of when there is a loan or credit involved.
This bank is inside fry's.
Did not apply for a car loan nor do i need one.
However, somehow they keep pushing the auto loans.
It not a good thing that the folks holding your money make mistakes like this.
Credit union's, banks should not make mistakes like this ever.
Guess its not just wells fargo opening fraud accounts now is it this credit union too.
I don't like this bank.
Not happy with their hours, their website, bill paying service, or especially their mobile app.
They are the biggest bank in las vegas, but their technology is pathetic.
The only reason i have an account there is because i used to use wachovia, which i loved.
They swallowed them like pac-man and they inherited my account.
This is my go-to spot when i need documents notarized (a free service for u.s. bank account holders).
The employees at this u.s. bank are always very cordial and helpful.
I love this bank.
The customer service is great.
I have been coming to this bank for years and i have never had a bad experience here.
The lines (if present) move quickly so the thought of going to the bank is not a dreadful one.
I am positive i will stay with this bank for years to come.
Not good customer service.i wouldn't recommend this boa not even to my worst enemy.
Noteworthy that they have staff available for both regular banking appointments you'd find at stand-alone locations, not just tellers.
This is the best way you handle the alarming issue of fraudulent activity on a customers account?
Impossible to speak with the us customer service center, as well.
But esther wasn't pushy about me doing that; she just seemed interested in helping me save money.
Complaint filed with bank, so we shall see.
Shady and no customer service.
Close your accounts with them!
They stole $385 from my direct deposit with their shady "banking" practices.
Az federal refuses to resolve this with the depositor's bank.
It was the most convoluted banking procedure we ever witnessed.
Only the chip on my card works so i met with a banker to order a new one.
Going to be closing my account from this joke of a bank.
Sitting down to open new accounts was painless and simple.
I have had excellent service since day 1.
He even matched my interest rate on the loan i had just payed off!!
This is the service of concerned compassionate people helping others.
I adore chase bank.
However, 3 months ago i decided to move my banking business from one of the local mega banks in pittsburgh.
I had always been a large bank customer primarily because mega banks have branches and atms all over the city.
Finally after years of lousy service and increasing fees i switched my accounts to first national.
I know it is hard to get excited about a bank...but wow!
That's enough about boring banks i will now go back to my more exciting restaurant reviews.
I'll stick to the location in gilbert for any banking needs.
The customer service rep i started working with was nice and helpful.
However, the bank did credit $1000 in cash to the wrong account.
This error required me to identify the problem, call customer service and ultimately go into the branch... twice!
My saturday morning was spent explaining the problem which was determined to be an error by the bank.
3 hours of time in the bank, several phone calls, and one week later i am still missing $1000.
I recommend that it be avoided and that the staff be held accountable for egregious and personally destructive mistakes.
Overall, wells fargo is a solid bank.
This review is meant to illustrate this specific bank location's accountability, which i found to be excellent.
She immediately reversed the fee because the banker had given me his word.
This is great news, and i'm happier to be with this bank because this branch honored their word.
Slowest bank of all time.
It is unfortunate that they can't get their home loans on track.
On april 1st 2015 my loan started for review.
It was stated by my loan officer in an email mind you...i was approved.
On april 29, 2015 i was informed on terms of my loan, which was nothing like i was first told.
I was disgusted and declined the loan.
My loan modification was not an issue.
Their customer service was great!
Love the "small bank" feel!
Been banking with them for about 14 years and despite the bank's expansion, it's still easy to deal with!
Great customer service, both over the phone and in person.
Wish there was an office in ca as i'd do all of my banking there!
Only reason why it has 2 stars is because the customer service is good.
My husband and i recently opened an account at one nevada credit union.
Our new personal banker is marco wilbowo.
He made us feel welcome and comfortable with our decision to keep our money at one nevada credit union.
I love that we got out debit card minutes after we opened the account.
I guess this is your typical wells fargo bank.
They do have notary services available at this location, which is very convenient.
I pity those customers of scotiabank who aren't lucky!
Desire is a great agent, extremely helpful and provided excellent service.
People can still open the account  in your name.
All banks about the same, it's the interior business sector and the willingness to help you.
I can not say enough about the level of customer service candise provided.
Crazy fees, no customer service.
Even if you cancel and have overpaid, can't get your money back.
They will keep charging for late fees after i had paid off and close my account still sending minimum payments!
And the customer service is fake and cant help you!
Worst service ever there is a line at the door with only one teller.
Their goal now is not customer service but to maximize profit.
Cashier and banker were both awesome, friendly and helpful.
Feels great to receive excellent customer service, and these ladies didn't disappoint :)
I was informed that because i don't have an account there they were unable to do this for me.
You are a bank, you have money right???
I went across the street to 1st bank and they did it no questions asked.
I went to bank of america across the street first and was treated like garbage.
Whom i used to be a long time customer of for many years but left due to poor customer service.
What other bank or cu gives you a 5% rebate on your loans?
Oh my god, i seriously hate this bank!
I enjoy banking with chase bank as this is my home bank.
Overall service was good.
Why else would i have switched from my 12 year bank?
I'll be closing my account here after my next direct deposit hits and i've established an account at midfirst.
No concept of customer service at chase bank.
They have added drive up banking and a atm to the outside.
The bank is clean inside and the tellers have always been friendly towards me.
Great customer service at this branch!
Very informative about all or questions and awesome customer service!!!
There are significant problems both with this branch itself and with scotiabank's customer service generally.
Customer service is outsourced: you are not able to contact the branch directly unless you have an individual's phone number.
Does scotiabank not realize that it has competition?
Absolutely amazing experience with fernanda at the banking department.
Thank you so much for making switching over to your bank an easy and seamless transition fernanda.
Chase bank is the worst bank i have ever been to in my entire like.
Years ago i open an account and twice they messed my name up on my account.
So i closed the account.
Then today i was depositing money into a friend account.
This is chase's way of trying to get you to open an account.
They said if i had an account with them then i could deposit cash into my friends account.
I needed a cheque certified, called the 1-800 customer service number.
I told her that i was told by the customer service line, it would not be a problem.
Worst bank ever for a credit union.
Went to my bank on warm springs and durango dr.
Will call the bank so they are aware that their staff needs some customer service training desperately!
This bank is bad!!!!!
I have closed my accounts, and i will not be banking with bank of america ever again!
Located just south of glendale ave and the i-17, it offers lobby and drive-thru services.
I would definitely recommend his services to anyone looking for a home loan.
Started using this us bank on w. lake mead about two months ago and have enjoyed superior service since.
Always go into bank, staff is always friendly and attentive.
Keep it up, us bank, i'm counting on this level of service on a regular basis!
Help me establish new accounts for bill pay, help me save money for the future!!!
They essentially said whatever it took to get my account open (business acct.)
Sad day when a bank resorts to trickery for a few fees.
This may be a credit union, but they are just as bad as a big bank.
We recently had fraud show up on our account, which lead to fees being assessed.
All the chase banks i've been to in california were always great with service.
That was the kind of service i received at other chase banks and even wells fargo.
Kevin thornton provided excellent service today during my visit to u.s. bank.
Thank you bright for taking care of my loan and making my families dream home a reality
I am currently in the same situation as others, waiting to get my own money back.
Worst customer service ever!
Good luck doing business here... we closed our account.
The whole staff needs a course in customer service.
Do not open an account!!
Took me forever to close my account
Worst bank in america.!!!!
I made an attempt to contact customer service for something regarding my card and the person barely spoke english!!!!!!!!
Do not get a loan from ssscu.
Went to pay my first bill and they do not accept payments from another bank online.
If they do accept there are unreasonable fees associated with this service.
They are basically forcing you to use their bank this way.
Silver state join the modern age, and realize that customer service is important.
You can get better and more professional and experienced customer service elsewhere, not at arizona federal sorry to say.
No one seemed to know what to do, including their call center, regarding an issue in my account.
To top it off, this credit union debits $3 from my checking account each month calling it membership fees!
I have since closed my account and deposited my money elsewhere.
I've since come out of it and am soon to close this account down forever.
Here are some reasons why this bank is a big no:  1.)
I asked about closing my account down so they said "one moment while i transfer you the the right person."
Sure enough they closed down my account without me even actually discussing it with anyone.
Compared to other banks, boa service is sure to be ranked the lowest .
Is not your usual bank behind big thick glass.
You actually sit at a desk with the banker.
I have had basic accounts, car loans, and other loans and have gotten the best interest rates around.
Service is great too.
This was not the case due to the lack of service i received from manan- a representative.
I received very impersonal service when attempting to cash an az federal-issued check.
His answer was that every bank is different.
I've had an account with this credit union since i was born.
Drive through atm doesn't take money.
I went to the bank to create a notarized document to fax to another bank regarding the disbursement of funds.
It was the best customer service experience i've had in long time.
Walnut creek branch tellers and bankers are such a great bunch.
They make you feel like you could stay in the bank all day.
She was very friendly very outgoing very professional and i'm very pleased with her service.
Prompt customer service from my girl crystal!
Very pleased with my service experience.
I came to this branch since it's closest to my family's house; expecting to get okay customer service.
Your customer service skill is beyond what anyone can expect.
I needed to change the monthly amount of my rent on the bank's bill payer feature.
I called the bank's helpline, was put on hold for 15 minutes.
The manager helped me wade through the online banking form and i got my business done in one minute.
Stay way from these loan sharks!
I made on-time payments to my auto loan for four years from my checking account.
Why bank here and risk hurting your credit history when there are many other choices?
This is the worst bank ever dont give them your business!!!
They randomly will update their online banking without any notice.
Kinda sucks when you need to know how much is in your account.
Nicole is very pleasant and her customer service is appreciated.
Big bank but very little personal touch.
Then to top things off they would lock my online account so i couldn't see what was going on.
They also refused a few of my payments for no reason, even certified bank checks.
There not a bank, there loan sharks trying to ruin customers credit.
But the best part was the amount of money they saved me by bundeling my policies.
My overall savings were over 300 dollars per month.
Ive been a bank of america customer for over 23 years.
I have 4 accounts with them each having 5 figures in each one.
Ive had atleast 5 mortages ,and multiple car loans.
Not once did bank of america call me.
Busey is the bank to avoid.
Customer service is gone and the competence of the mortgage staff among others is not worth the hassle.
There are a lot of other banks in town and would suggest you pick one of those.
The bankers here are very nice and friendly.
The best part is that one of the bankers remembers my name.
I gave them the car and said sell it like any other title loan place that should be it!
The male teller asked if i was a member, as this was a service typically reserved for members.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I love this bank i've been banking here since 2006.
They have excellent customer service and they are very helpful when it comes to your needs.
Very awesome friendly service at this wells fargo.
The staff here smile and provide customer service like it should be.
This bank is racist.
I have perfect credit with tremendous equity and they denied my a loan.
Steer clear of this bank at all costs since they lack integrity.
Been going to the bank off e w.t.
We will be changing banks!!
Customer service was bad, they take forever to do one simple transaction.
I have enjoyed many services from cccu and am a member in good standing.
Signed up because i was told credit unions were better than banks and easier to get loans.
Well, i applied for a car loan with a 700 credit score and was told a simple no.
Find out dscu doesn't even approve anyone for a loan unless you have a 720+ credit score.
Why do you have that much in a checking account anyways?
Ok this bank is full of nice people who share the secrets of saving & investments.
They are sweet people but i love this bank 4th.
Three other banks come before it in my book.
It's true everyone can't have first place but i think this bank don't try to come in first.
Customer service could be over all better.
The bank manager is absolutely the most unprofessional guy you can have working a bank...
I opened an account here about six months ago and i could not be happier with my experience so far.
I went into the buffalo branch today to open a direct deposit checking account with kai bachiller as my teller.
After waiting for half and hour i was not allowed to even open account.
Firstly, your credit does matter at this place unlike other title loan companies.
I have dealt with 3 other title loan companies, and none of them were like this place.
I asked how long ahead of time should i make my payments by online banking?
I don't know why costco, after stellar service from american express would get into bed with these rascals?
It is very, much like the visa royal bank avion card.
Horrible customer service and so slow.
Had a membership savings account with them and didn't use it for some time (it is a savings account afterall!).
After recently taking a look, they had been taking 10 dollars a month from the savings account for limited activity.
We are still trying to get all our money back.
Beware if trying to save money in a savings account!
Do not open an account at this bank.
Worst customer service ever!!!!!!
Now  it  is  april  2017   and  desert  schools  is  still  sitting  on  my  money.
I've banked with bank of america for about 20 years now.
Look somewhere else, this bank can't do that either.
So that's 5 banks to service 9,224 miles of land.
I've had great experiences at this branch with multiple associates - managers, tellers, and personal bankers.
This credit card has the most horrendous customer service!
There are no customer service representative here in the us so good luck understanding what they say.
I have not been able to log into my account online since i have opened my account!!
I cant get anyone of them to assist me with it with the exception of bad bad service.
This bank is two minutes from my house so i'm always there for any of my banking needs.
I've bank with cccu for a shorter amount of time compared to my other banks i bank with.
I've been assisted by jody before and i've received her dry customer service before.
I opened a small business account with tamala soboyejo at this location.
She explained all my account details and completely walked me through the process of the account.
If you need a new account or just a smile and a good laugh then tamala is your person.
I was in a accident on a automatically deducted payments from my business account.
Lots of high pressure when it comes to opening up new charge accounts.
The service is terribly slow.
I got an email back saying to come drive down to the nearest branch for service.
Went to bank of america.
May be pulling out desert schools if this kind of service keeps up.
I am writing terrible review for this bank on sole purpose that it's the worst mobile banking experience.
Don't bank here they are crooks .
Their customer service sucks.
My review is for credit one bank in general.
I ended up cancelling my account.
The supervisor in india  (nick) who "helped" me said they couldn't send me an email saying my account was closed!
Very bad customer service!
Excellent customer service by sandie sanchez.
This bank is family owned and it shows in the quality of service.
I do online banking and direct deposit.
I opened my account while they were having a promotion and the incentive money was promptly paid as promised.
I thought "well i guess the honeymoon's over" and expected a decline in service.
I still continue to receive first class service.
The bank locations are very clean with higher end interior design.
This is banking like it should be.
Other businesses could use this bank as a perfect business model.
Oh yes.......very very few fees (other bank atms and those are refunded at the end of the month!
It's a chase bank branch in scottsdale.
When riverset was known as the pittsburgh teachers credit union, it was easily the best bank in town.
Since this, i have convinced a few friends to close their accounts and switch to a bank that cares.
I encourage you to go with another bank (we switched to ally which is better in nearly every way possible).
I want to support a small bank, but not when they are rude and evil.
Terrible customer service and wait times.
Their staff is caring and very helpful , great customer service .
Bank is a joke.
Closed account for 6 months of inactivity and sent my money to the state.
When i originally opened account, i was able to deposit without fees same day.
Now they tell me it will be 45 days and $50 because it's a new account.
Why did you let me open an account then?
First of all why did you close my account, 6 months really?
Oh and by the way you can't close the account because it's same day.
Overall, wells fargo is a decent bank.
This morning, i checked my account and somehow they managed to make my account close to 15k negative!
I called customer service immediately and was informed they could do nothing and the branch was solely responsible.
Banks hold large amounts in the federal reserve for the interest they accrue.
On april 24, 2018, i paid off a $50,000 home equity loan in full.
On june 11, 2018, wf demanded i pay $109.37 in interest for a paid off loan!
She was able drop my payment on my vw saving $102.00 a month as well as dropping my interest rate!!!
Her service was prompt and so helpful!
Their security group was very much more courteous as well as the technical support person who unlocked my account.
Bank of america occupies much of downtown charlotte and they have done an amazing job of making the area great.
I am keeping my eye out to take my loans elsewhere because of this practice.
And i will never apply for any future auto loans through them because of this.
I have been a member since 2000, they are slowly dwindling down and so has their customer service.
When you call the 800 number , they customer service portion is forgotten completely.
I admire my aunt a lot, she's an attorney, so didn't think i could go wrong with this bank.
She said " i said it'll be in your account tomorrow" .
This is by far the worst bank ever for small businesses.
There five star service guarantee is a joke.
Our banking manager kevin thornton promised us easy service with great customer service.
We had our account there for nearly two years, and we never had a check deposited that was returned.
I would recommend to make an appointment ahead of time if you need one of those services.
It's a opportunity for you to pitch opening an account there.
Teller actually invited me to open an account because they had some kind of special going on.
Seriously no matter what situation you are in you are better off not working with this bank.
They take the notion of getting "big banked" to a new level.
It's basic customer service guys.
I asked her what account did it get deposited in?
So, i'm the problem for noticing the deposit went into the wrong account.
So now i have to wait about 90 days plus to get my money returned.
Everyone has been very helpful over the last 3 years i've banked with them.
5 star service thank you
I visited one nevada credit union last week and was extremely impressed with the customer service i recieved.
The products/services that this credit union offers fits my financial needs.
Service at this location was fast and flawless.
I rarely go into banks since i prefer to deal with direct deposit and electronic transfer.
Changes to their policies, such as the amount of money available after deposit.
They have my money - and i need to speak with someone!
So on that note - i'm taking steps to close all my accounts with this credit union.
I switched from us.bank
This is exactly the reason i do not prefer large banking institutions !
This bank's manager, clemente, is the rudest customer service person i have ever seen.
All other bankers were very polite, but the manager was just horrible.
I wanted to print out my statement which will take a banker 2 minutes.
It is so bad that i decide i'll discontinue my service with them and go to another bank.
Seriously how hard is your job working for a bank!!!
The great customer service is very much appreciated.
Customer service had no explanation for this term when i called to ask about it.
I have been banking with bank of america since 2004 and i am very happy with their customer service.
I looked over the desks and i saw a couple of bankers sitting there without any customer.
Have used wells fargo and desert schools for smaller loans in the past and prefer desert schools.
They're local, they're service very friendly and we have been impressed with their attention to detail and to us.
We appreciate their services and will continue to borrow from them in the future.
They do notarization services for free too which is very convenient.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Did my banking and was on my way.
They don't know what customer service is.
They want to charge $5 bucks for a money order when i'm already a customer paying a monthly fee.
I'll just take my money out in cash and pay .49cents to western union.
Makes me want to switch banks.
We will be getting a new bank on tuesday.
"hello welcome into u.s. bank" all in sync i was like oh wow lol.
One of the banker/tellers that assisted me had great energy and very friendly.
Any who until then thanks for the great service!
Typical b of a.worst bank ever.
Scheduled a payment for payday, instead they debited my checking account immediately.
This caused a nsf fee from my bank.
They hold my loan and now have a third party handling payments which i think may be doing something illegal.
Erika mchenry at this location is super nice, awesome, and provides amazing customer service towards her clients.
It's not surprising (and mostly likely not the banks fault) you're having trouble with this card too.
Started with a $500 limit, crappy credit and now i'm at $2k and several other regular bank cards.
I only keep it open because it would severely drop the age of my accounts if i closed it.
I'm sure half their accounts are in some collection status.
If you're really paying with a debit card, just use your bank info and enroll in online payments (free).
Shame on you credit one bank!
Do i have to give this credit one bank "1 star" or no "star" at all.
They are such a scam & bad customer service.
Out of nowhere i got a fraud extra account and made me paid down the balance.
Called in and reported to them, they shut down my account when i had made my payment extra.
So the verification question was we put 2 small deposit in your account please let us know what they were.
Went to my bank account and nothing.
Then continues to tell me the money is in my bank account and is arguing with me.
All of my family happily banks at this branch.
That's my last straw after years of terrible service.
And put your money someplace decent!
I have been banking with big commercial banking institutions for most of my life, but never again!
I have had a great experience with marco wibowo and onenevada since opening my account.
The worst customer service on the planet.
Card carries outrageously high service fees so read the fine print kids.
Stay away and go with another bank.
I've banked with wells for well over 10 years including checking, savings and a home mortgage.
I have never been unhappy with the service i've received at wells.
By having the mortgage with them and keeping a reasonable minimum balance i get all my banking for free.
Wells has great online banking options and a very good mobile app.
I rather have a burned credit score then give them any money!
There are plenty of other credit unions/banks that have much better customer service.
I am absolutely pleased with the service i received at one nevada credit union.
It was easily the best service i have ever recieved from a financial establishment.
Auto loan  rate is 2.79% and no payment for 90 days not even a dealership can give you this deal!
If your sitting down with a banker, kimberly is good.
I've done most of my banking throughout my life with two institutions.
She helped me solve my problems and answered all questions regarding my account.
Ing direct is my favourite bank.
I can say this with confidence because i have tried three different banks.
The service is great.
I always get greeting right the way when i step in or out of the bank.
This company will only hurt your credit and charge you more and more money.
Their customer service is horrible.
Helpful, caring service, with smiles.
I have banked here for years,  and i will be a life long customer.
Everything about this bank is a+.
They even have locations in supermarkets to make banking more convenient.
I prefer to bank in the us bank building where their top pros are ready for anything i need.
Other banks should study this bank's business model to see how it should be done.
When i walk in this bank, i feel happy knowing my money is in good hands.
I have never seen such a well run banking company in my life.
Use us bank and you will be a very happy customer!
Amazingly rude customer service and need an appointment just to open a checking account.
First bank i have ever seen that works that way.
I always go there & bank manager is pathetic.
Their new business model is to keep afloat by taking money from people who don't have much.
Millionaires bank for free.
I've banked with them since i was 12 years old, i'm closing my accounts today.
My favorite bank hands down!
I went into this location to handle some business and the service was quick and exceedingly exceptional.
They are very informative knowledgeable about their services.
If i ever go back inside this location, i hope the service is better and faster.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Thank you for the consistent customer service!
It's the worst ever, first when i open my account they call me around 20 times a day!!
So i can't trust this bank either.
This company seriously sucks...im closing my account
Bank of america cash deposits go through as soon as you make the deposit at the atm.
Two strikes for this bank and i've only been with them for 1 month.
The company preaches "excellent member service", yet provides some of the worst customer i have ever experienced.
Do not bring your money here!
I have been a member for several years and i am extremely pleased with the customer service at this location.
To avoid this, i usually just park in the large parking lot that the bank is part of.
The banking hours are typical and they are open longer on fridays to accommodate pay days.
The bankers and tellers are always friendly and greet you with a smile.
Worst bank i've ever dealt with.
There app is horrible and you can't even make your loan payment with it.
After having an auto loan with them my vehicle was total loss from an accident.
Do not open a checking account here with privilege pay!!!
Stick with a real bank that doesn't offer a scam.
I've had a savings account here for a while.
I didn't have such a great experience in the past but went in to open a checking account.
Truly the worst customer service i have ever experienced.
Do not bank here.
I then hear nothing until monday when i finally decide to call and check on the status of the loan.
We are pulling all of our money out.
When i make a deposit or withdraw, the bank tellers are always very quick and professional.
Good place to bank at, sadly there's only 1 teller doing both the front counter and the drive-thru.
Happy they don't close until 6pm compare to bank of america that only open until 5pm.
I was extremely satisfied, even amazed by the service.
I want to thank alejandro for truly a professional service.
Crystal is excellent and her customer service is one of kind superb.
As i mentioned, their service when it comes to loans is outstanding.
It's a good place to have a savings account should you need loan services.
But it can be a bit challenging to have a checking account with them.
Horrible service; poorly trained staff and just as bad as the big banks in adding fees, charges, etc.
Your name change does nothing to change your image, lack of service, etc.
The differences between uwcu and major banks in the atmosphere, value, and services is incredible.
Such a nice change from the usual customer service phone experiences.
You guys very good as others on banks))), but hours must be changed!
I retired from a company in northern california after 24yrs of service and moved to henderson.
Every time my husband would deposit a check in my account the staff at this branch would hassle him.
Worst service i've encountered.
Went to deposit money from my company and the teller was just straight up rude to me.
I purchased the domain this morning (05.13.2016) - http://disputecreditonebank.com.
I talked with an account supervisor (jenny / id 0313024888) and an account manager (desiree / id 0313065028).
I regularly bank with chase and capital one and had never heard of anything so ludicrous.
I asked them the reps at credit one who regulated their bank and to whom could i escalate my issue.
When does bbb regulate banks?
I am also posting the names of the sister banks here, beware!!
Do not put yourself through the agony of using this bank.
Credit unions promise a better, more human experience than a bank does.
They are just as bad as a bank.
Keep your money somewhere else.
Worst bank of america i have ever been to!
Boa is one of the banks that take more "bank" fees then any other banks.
Sandie sanchez introduced herself to me and she took the time to explain to me the different account options.
Imagine that...calling a bank and speaking to a live person.
So i set up an appointment with sandie and she set me up with my accounts.
Fix the bell, put a teller at the window and shorten the wait time so, your bank is more convenient.
That is us bank customers biggest complaint.
Get it together us bank or you'll loose customers like me.
I highly recommended anyone interested in opening an account or has an existing account, to go see him!
Once i did that they transferred me to another oversees person who started they would cancel my account.
They are putting down 50% cash and asking tscu to finance the rest on a conventional loan.
Now, the loan officer for this.
Her negligence in this matter caused a second appraisal to be ordered, on a conventional loan no less!
So everyday this house doesn't close, he is losing money.
Need service from a banking assistant?
The first two attempts on the automated voice phone service failed after providing the information (correctly).
Then a customer service rep comes on the line.
I recently just got a new car loan and leesa was amazing with the process.
I came into the bank to get a new debit card and pin set up on my bank account.
Personal bankers annette and lilian were both super helpful and pleasant to work with.
The bank greeter was also very friendly and helpful.
These guess let you know out of the gate there is no love we only want your money.
This branch is the one we always go to and we definitely get great service here.
Shout out to dennae and all the staff for always having service with a smile!
The employees at this branch are friendly, helpful, and willing to answer any question regarding the bank's corporate policy.
I'd rather not give all the details but they are extremely picky when it comes to opening an account.
Worst customer service ever.
The chase bank cashier did not show standard customer service skills.
Lots and lots of banks in the phoenix metropolitan area.
Looking now for the best deal, in any case leaving chase bank thanks to this idiot.
The service is just terrible.
This has to be one of the worst banks ever.
Understandably more and more people aren't needing to go inside but that does not excuse bad service.
Bank of america  is the worst bank ever.
Most disgusting, unprofessional customer service ever in the history of credit cards!!!!
Last week they put a restrain on my account for $1,865.00.
This is the worst service experience i've ever had at a financial institution.
Reconfirmed my dislike for bank of america!!!
Very bad customer service!!!!!
This card helps with establishing credit but the customer service is terrible.
I used to have an account there but they would always put a hold on my expense check.
It didn't matter that the check was drafted on a bb&t account.
So i closed my accounts and switched to wells fargo which has been great.
Rude service as usual.
They are the worst of all the evil banks in business today.
Using an ipad or iphone it says my session expired every time i go to make a loan payment.
Can't wait to refinance my truck loan and leave your terrible credit union in my rear view mirror.
Not only did we move all of our banking, but ended up refinancing our cars here as well.
I currently have 2 accounts with them.
Paying these cards off then closing these accounts forever!!
If true, i am no longer using your bank.
Greed is the only reason to cut out jobs and give no customer service that counts.
Are you going 100% online banking?
The service is wonderful, but try to avoid coming in the late afternoon: the line gets crazy.
Ever lose your bank card?
Go sit in the blue seats and wait to see a banker, not line up to the teller.
Hands down first rate in service and can't beat the cost.
Came in for a personal loan.
In general i prefer credit unions to banks.
I've moved all my money out of banks into credit unions.
The long story is, last year i set up a checking account for our family trust.
In the process i was forced to create 2 savings accounts with token amounts of $5 each.
Even though i had nearly 6 figures in the checking account.
My parents opened the account for me and put $50 in to start me out.
And first car loan.
I don't pay checking fees.
Take that big banks!
I have had the credit one bank card for 2 months with no problems at all.
Also did an awesome job of thoroughly explaining the benefits my relationship and account types give me.
Always great service here.
Looking for a new bank!
The previous rep specifically told me they would close the account and take care of the fees.
I've been banking with desert schools, now desert financial for about 12 years and i've had nothing but good experiences.
Their rates are better than any of the big banks, and they aren't sleazy blood suckers like bofa or wf.
Crap card  and crap customer service.
Less than two weeks later, i was able to pay back the loan after receiving a big sum of money.
However, returning the loan was far from hassle free.
I have a safety deposit box here and never have a problem with the service at this location.
He's the branch manager and he assist me with opening up an account.
Its a bank and they haven't pissed me off so i will give them 4 stars.
It must suck being a bank, who would go out of their way to right a nice review?
I have to pay rent and i'm always 20-30 waiting to deposit a check worst bank experience every time.
We attempted to get a loan from bofa in 2012 for our first home - a new construction condo.
Bill stepped in and completed our loan in 14 days.
Our second loan was a breeze.
Bank anywhere else but u.s. bank
Today i came in with my boyfriend to start off his account with desert schools and to deposit a check.
The bank has access to an atm, lines inside the branch are never long.
Great banking experiences here.
You do not go un-noticed at this bank.
The interior of the building means nothing to me if the customer service is outstanding!
So i called customer service and got ali, #157 as she stated.
I have been dreading opening an account for quite some time.
Anyways i have no issue with bank of america nor the service at this location!
Cibc must be paying quite a bit to toronto pearson airport authority to be the exclusive banking service inside yyz.
If you are a cibc customer, you can do a debit from your account towards the foreign cash you purchasing.
Here's the deal; at the cob on 10-29, i had $12.52 in my account.
For no discernible reason, they deducted an nsf fee from my account.
The morning of 10-30, the denny's transaction from the prior day, for $11, clears my account.
Because my account is overdrawn.
Great bank and great people!
I had a issue with a loan officer there and bill bright went over and beyond to make things right.
Ryan reached out to me today too wanting to let me know more about the company services.
If your in need of a title loan come to usa money they have low rates and great customer service...
Then they will suspend your account and block online access.
They will tell you that the account needs to be closed and a new card issued.
Note: the bank has over 100,000 card holders.
Service at this branch can be fast if there isn't a huge lineup.
Usually i've been able to take care of all my banking needs at this branch.
They are very professional and have demonstrated great customer service.
I've always done banking with chase since i was a kid.
I've dealt with the drive thru tellers, inside tellers, personal bankers, and their investment banker.
Been banking with b of a for fourteen years and over the years, i've ran into issues regarding my account.
He was super helpful, accommodating and had great customer service skills.
I used to be a customer with bank of america.
Haven't had an account with them for about 10+ years.
This company has the worse customer service i have ever encountered.
Come on chase bank!
Chase bank will never ever see any of my business.
This bank is a joke.
Why does the bank not have enough cash???
Very refreshing to be treated like a human (: great customer service and no bullet proof glass.
Feels like a financial institution rather than 24 hr checks cashed and payday loan/boa(:!!
Https://m.soundcloud.com/pleasurewizard/kafka-calls-the-credit-card-company   here is the remix of the samples of me on the phone with credit one bank.
Note: all branches offer coin counting for all customers and it is free for cmcu account holders.
Especially when another branch i had been to earlier that day and the phone banker had told me otherwise.
However this bank is one of the many reasons i hate doing business with bofa.
Just because they don't offer the account does not mean i need a new one, so i said no.
I called over to the customer service line, come to find out she never even ordered my debit card.
This location primarily handles business accounts.
Not much else to say but over the past ten years i have banked with wells i have zero complaints.
Worst bank i have ever had.
No, second worse compared to gobank.
I cannot wait until i close my account with this scam, s**t a** company.
This is the main us bank location for phoenix.
I'm going to continue to bank there, they do a great job.
Yes, i did think they were a capitol one account at first (and i have two of them).
I have never had my account threatened or received threatening phone calls.
I've spent almost 45 minutes with two children simply trying to make a non complicated withdrawal from my account.
I shouldn't have to fight this hard for my money.
Bad service rude tellers.
I'll stick with bank of america.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Oh how i love my sweet little bank.
Horrible experience with a mortgage loan.
How does a bank not have the ability to do electronic transfers?
The excuse, "we are a small bank but maybe later this year we'll have something".
The drive up atm and teller windows are perfect for banking on the go.
The teller told me she couldn't add a note to my account because this wasn't my home branch.
It doesn't matter what services they offer because they won't do anything for you unless you're at your home branch.
I'll be looking forward to finding a new bank after my loan is paid off.
Dont waste your money on the $20 a month fee and go somewhere else.
As long as there are some people in this bank that actually care about their customers ill be staying.
Do not bank with institution!
Nice, professional bank right off scottsdale and thunderbird.
Thanks for the service :-)
If i could give this bank 0 stars i would.
The bank manager here is one of the worse managers ive ever met.
I will never use that bank again.
Good customer service is lost onthese women.
The customer service is horrible, they all sound like robots reading straight from a script.
Call 5- i give the girl the checking info and she said it will take 7-10 days... hell?
Banks like busey are exactly the ones the obama administration wants to target for exorbitant fees.
I've been banking here for years, unfortunately.
Genuinely looking forward to cancelling my account and banking elsewhere.
I came across john's name on a search for reasonable jumbo loans.
Better yet, drop bofa and go with chase for more personal, helpful service.
Explained everything to a personal banker.
I said "no, this is a problem on the banks end and i'm not coming back".
She gave me a customer service number he could call (not me, though).
So, 15 minutes more in line to deposit a cashiers check into dad's account.
So, why didn't either the personal banker or the manager offer that solution?
Same laws, same state, same banking fees, across the street from each other, totally different culture and customer experience.
Dad is closing his account.
Absolutely the worst service and the most unprofessional service i have ever experienced.
They tell me they never received payment but, my bank shows the money was taken out.
But your trying to borrow money to get it covered.
Well before you would be ok until that charge hit your account.
I can't believe that they will hit your account with all these charges.
I would have so much more money if it wasn't for the fees.
But to charge fees before your account shows you as negative?
They have a helpful customer service centre and ship new cards quickly.
They also have high security and disable access to online banking while you are waiting for a replacement card.
Full of predatory bank practices backed up by their "terms and conditions".
My account balance was $101 the first month.
I opened my account on the 12th, and by the 17th, i had already accumulated a late fee.
The good: no fees, shared banking, not a big bank screwing over everybody.
The bad: not the best service, not the best phone/online systems etc.
I never had these issues when i was with a big bank.
What bank doesn't take a $75.00 cash deposit?
I needed to get cash to my son cross country, he (sadly) has a chase account.
They tried to tell me it was for the federal money laundering protection act... bs...
I work in the banking industry and can tell you $75.00 raises 0 red flags!
I've been coming here for business and personal banking for three years.
See tatiana for a business account.
Thank you all for taking care of my banking needs.
Ever since we opened an account the staff have always been helpful and welcoming.
Tried to open an account at the main madison branch and the state street branch this week.
Did i want to schedule an appointment to take 5 seconds to open an account?
Again, this is "supposed" to be shared banking with other credit unions.
Now the restriction is that i can only do a deposit/withdrawal/whatever with a designated shared banking teller.
If you can avoid ever having to call customer service for any reason, then you may like this card.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Calling business banking, useless, online banking, useless.
I feel you are holding my accounts open to continue the fees.
Please cancel business banking its horrible.
If you're in a rush don't come to this bank.
Bank was great until it was remodeled.
The area for consumer banking is a joke.
Most locations i've been to here in vegas always look like the homeless people just live at the bank.
Same issue as everyone else who has written reviews, i would never bank here!
Poor customer service- she could have opened her computer and accepted my money!!!
Rob rodriguez helped me today, i had some savings bonds to deposit that were needing my  grandmother's death certificate.
Clean branch, fast service and good location.
They loose money ....
Crystal @ the green valley branch really took care of my banking and checking needs.
She also walked me through the online banking and the perks of being a credit union member.
This is a philippine bank with no us agents and the worst customer service!!!!
Unfortunately, i had fraud on my account.
I have called customer service just shy of ten times.
I come here just to deposit my rent into landlords account.
I bank across the street at wells fargo and never have to wait.
I recommend everyone switch banks....why deal with this when there are options in life
Service is so slow.
Bad business any suggestions for a good bank
I believe he's really spot on with this and i sometimes sympathize with the customer service side of my bank.
I have always had great service here.
Don't get me wrong, i am not a real fan of banks in general.
However, when it comes to customer service this branch is usually on.
That day i took the loan never rushed and even given alternative places to seek a loan by miss  claudia.
So go get a loan and mention my name .
Terrible customer service from teller.
She had the nerve to ask me why my own bank wouldn't cash the check.
I figured if i'm in the area why wouldn't i cash it if i'm next to the bank.
Not only would they refuse to talk to me about the refund but the account still remains open.
Had great service here, bank associate was very friendly and most are bilingual here.
Likely after i make a 18 dollar purchase and someone so the money.
My favorite bank hands down.
After the first time it happened the customer service assured me that it would not happen again.
When i called the customer service, they could not answer me.
Customer service is lousy.
Awful, awful customer service.
Worst business bank ever.
Horrible horrible horrible  i recently had to deal with fraud charges on my account.
When quickly discovered i called credit one's customer service.
She stated i no longer had to mail a letter or get another letter from my bank.
The best part is, they said it would take 7-10 business days to get temporary credit onto my account!
I have a personal banker!
I am not a millionaire by any means, but midfirst bank makes me feel like one.
She came to my office to introduce herself and drop off some banking information.
Do yourself a favor, and drop that big bank!
This is a big bank with hometown values and feel!
The representatives are sometimes rude, and the tellers have counted our money wrong on multiple occasions.
Perhaps citibank just isn't doing well here in southern nevada.
Their customer service in particular could use a lot of improvement.
I'm always waiting in line forever and there is only two bank tellers.
Walked into bank of america today to cash a company check.
Brian b. the teller asked me if i have a b of a account. "
Even from a business account with bank of america?"
I regret applying for this card, they dont reverse the money spent even though it was flagged as fraud.
I am still having to pay for the money i didn't spend.
Marco wilbowo is by far the best personal banker ever.
He emmulates excellent customer service and truly cares about your banking needs from a-z.
I knew i had the right creditmunion and personal banker.
I instantly gor my debut card and he set up the bankimg app on phone.
He knows the banking industry and his goal is to ensure your banking amd financial needs are met.
He makes sure you aware of all the services they provide.
I am excited to have to have such an amazing personal banker and credit union.
The saga continues to fix errors made on my account.
Stay away from this banking institution!
I'm moving my accounts now.
No longer ing direct - as of april 2014 tangerine is still a great place to bank.
Not exactly as punitive as the other big banks, but still not the same warm fuzzy it used to be.
I expect other changes, but still better than the big banks by leaps and bounds.
Right now, if you refer a friend, and a friend opens an account with $$, both of you get $50?!
No fee chequing with the thrive account, gic's and other investment options exist as well.
Atm banking you now have access to all the scotiabank atm's including the ones in 7-11 stores.
I do 99.9% of my banking online, occasionally i have to call, and they have really excellent customer service.
Welcoming and sincere customer service is truly refreshing.
Unless you are desperated for a credit card, otherwise do not go to credit one bank.
I am just doing time until i can get out of this bank.
You would think at a smaller bank you would get more help or kinder help without jumping through 500 hoops.
I have wanted to leave this bank for year but been stuck due to loans.
I will now bust my hump more than ever to pay them off and get out of this bank.
I have been given wrong info, been hung up on, bad customer service and they simply no longer care.
I guess big or small bank no such thing as care for your customers.
They said i hadn't, facts are they no longer have good customer care or service.
So over this bank.
You can not email customer service, nor do they have a live chat option.
Customer service is terrible.
So many fees, worst customer service, you only get to talk to people on india.
I closed both of my accounts today.
They immediately dropped my cash-back checking, and then wanted to charge me a monthly maintenance fee and atm fees.
The reason i chose m&i was because they weren't like the big bad banks (bank of america, chase, wells fargo).
Just closed my account.
1st time going through home buying and not having a knowledgeable loan officer....well a dissaster!
I recommend you guys not to come here if you want to receive a good service.
I will never bank with them.
Chase bank has a very unsafe feature at their atm.
Your bank card sits outside the atm for any one to snatch.
The service from suzie drinkwine was excellent.
I would definitely recommend this company and branch for banking!
In my banking history, i have never seen another financial institution use employees from temp agencies.
Other banks have also implemented machines for quick transactions.
-they do not provide adequate training for new employees which means new loans and accounts are often established incorrectly.
-they do not take into consideration account history when processing transactions.
-they operate as a corporate bank with not enough funds to translate this to a credit union setting.
-their biggest concern is expanding their company and making more money.
Where you decide to bank is very important, do not bank with in touch, you will not be happy.
Rahul always takes exceptional care of our needs and provides amazing customer service.
I can't believe this is one of the many times my account was hit with a overdraft fee.
I have monies in different accounts and yet my checking account was empty.
Will they give you any notice, yes once they ransacked your account dry.
I just wish banks big or small actually work for their people.
They have online banking and are more than willing to assist with anything you need at anytime!
I wouldn't bank anywhere else!
I am so done with this bank.
I'm closing out my account today.
We waited about 30 minutes to talk with a banker and eventually we left.
Worst customer service and care.
I felt bad coming in to close an idle savings account that i no longer needed.
After that he did his magic and closed out my account.
I just had to take the slip he handed me to the teller to get the money.
My other bank is usaa.
Coolest thing, the drive thru atm gives out $50 bills when you take out a larger sum of money!
Service from the drive threw tellers was ok.
Wells fargo is holding my money hostage.. took cash on a prepaid card.
I opened my account when i was 17.
I have had car loans through them.
Before they sold it to a big bank it had a $16,000 available balance.
If you need a money order for instance.
Well they are going to give you that money order for free!!!
Desert schools used to be great, until they started becoming like the "big banks."
Might as well go back to the big banks, because account or not, they'll make change for anyone.
My bank statement says right on it that they charged my card on the 11th.
Opened two accounts with marissa, she was very thorough & very nice !
They were charging me 22% apr with an $8.25 monthly service fee and only an $800 limit.
A great banking institution and have always received exceptional customer service.
Happy with services provided.
Better than any past banking experiences.
Very clean banking branch.
The greeting and service on this first visit was fantastic!
I made the mistake of getting a loan with escrow account through suntrust bank.
They show in the system that the account is current and up to date.
I'm horrified at the dishonesty of this bank!
This bank is completely dishonest.
I must say, this bank is the friendliest bank i have ever seen.
Took me over an hour to open an account.
Mafia run call center/customer service.
But the worst issue i had here was  depositing money into a relative's account, in cash!!!!
They said no that it had to be a money order, and it wouldn't be available until the next day.
What kind of bank doesn't take cash.
Also quit forcing people to get accounts with you!!!!!
Started off strong about 1.5 years ago and customer service has gone down consistently ever since.
I was unable to make changes or access my account and they said there was "nothing they could do".
I am seriously horrified by this place and we have moved everything out, car loans, everything.
Luckily us bank took incredible care of her and she'll be dealing with her large sums there.
I love dawn she helped me set up a bank account and refinance my car.
She truly works hard to help me out and i'm pleased i picked this bank.
Excellent customer service from teresa popp, i look forward to making this location my go-to branch.
A pretty dingy place, like most banks.
Looks like this bank will probably be closing soon, or they ran out of funding while building it.
She was polite and helpful, even offering helpful info to lessen bank fees.
Not a terrible experience overall as far as banks go, but this branch definitely needs improvement.
This branch was very helpful when i was transferring my accounts to arizona.
Soon i will be checking them out for mortgage loans.
I called in and they say they closed my account due to a returned payment.
I have used the same checking account every time.
The want me to send a letter from my bank explaining the checking account belongs to me.
Well they said it is on statement, every other bank would notify you immediately.
Here is our super long story:  my husband and i had got our loan awhile back (dec 2014) with seline?
We already want nothing to do with this bank anymore.
I highly recommend you take all of your banking needs elsewhere....
Banks are the enemy, why am i being nice to them.
Arrived at nooner to get a bank draft, line up was juicy but went quickly.
Bank is nice, bright, very close to train station just off 7th avenue.
I am cancelling all my chase accounts because of the poor service i've received at this location on multiple occasions.
When a banker came out, we were escorted to her desk without much of a greeting.
Like i said, minor thing here, but it highlights quality of the customer service here.
I came in the pull a good sum of money out to make a large purchase.
The banker excused himself and came back a few minutes later with his manager.
I initially went to the decatur/215 location to set up a trust account.
We have been banking with a different credit union for over 20 years and were apprehensive with changing our banking.
However we received great service from the minute we entered cccu.
We are less apprehensive of the transition to cccu due to the great service we received.
Even though they offer "credit building loans" they don't mean it!!!!
Ing direct is cool in the way no banks are cool, because generally banks aren't very cool.
It's a unique place: like ing's banking philosophy, it's not your traditional branch.
I advised him that in order to keep my service, he would need to permanently waive my annual fee.
Close my account & give me my pay-off balance.
Went there to transfer money to friend's account from my personal checking account.
Instead she made transfer from a business account which didnt even have that much money.
The service is always prompt and the tellers are well-trained.
No complaints here but minus one star because no extraordinary friendly service
I would recommend avoiding this credit union if you are looking to get a loan.
My wife and i contacted them regarding a home equity loan.
Great bank coming back for sure.
What has happened to good customer service?
I am so thankful not to use a big commercial bank.
The foreign-based customer service is a nightmare.
When i closed my account, they charged me $9.95.
My payment (which was necessary to close the account) was considered an "express" payment.
It is not convenient for me to get to a scotia bank terminal, just too far away.
Tried to do a cash deposit gave me the option chequing or savings.
If you select savings it kicks you out with no explanation why.
Called customer service and the guy did not seem sympathetic or interested in keeping my business.
Now looking for options to move my money somewhere else.
Really excellent customer service!
Definitely gonna be my go to place whenever i need to handle anything with my chase account.
Now keep in mind both of us are on the account.
No money at all but that's ok!
I have been a business customer with citi bank for 15 plus years and the service has gone down !
I would recommend them to anyone looking to open a business account and even a personal account as well.
I had to use usamoney for an emergency.
She asked me to call her if it wasn't fixed by this morning, well, checking this morning, yay!
Customer service is absolutely awful.
This bank is awful
I have enjoyed banking with desert schools until i moved to mesa.
Horrible customer service at this location.
The branch is fine  - the national service sucks.
I wanted to write a well justified review for your amazing loan officer sandie sanchez.
We do not bank with them any longer
Very bad customer service.
This will always be my only bank, i go out of my way for this particular branch.
Service is always swift and friendly.
Hands down best loan place in las vegas.
Today i experienced some of the worst customer service i have ever received at a bank.
(i have been banking with the bank of america for over 12 years).
If you want good and fast service on a loan and so happen to be around the area.
That number is ridiculous, since it is only a message service and you don't actually talk to someone.
The staff at azfcu really need better customer service training.
The service i received at this specific location was very poor.
One nevada gives me exactly what i want from a financial institution...efficient, reliable, and cheerful service.
Their customer service is fantastic.
Service has gotten worse and worse.
The bank is severely understaffed of tellers.
I honestly recommend this bank 100%!!
I have been banking with pnc for six years and have never been let down.
The moment you walk in you can already feel the glares from the bank tellers because you're "bothering" them.
So most of my banking is done on-line.
I'm using their simple checking account, simple savings account, and payback plus credit card (2% cash back on all purchases!).
You also earn a bit of interest in the checking account, which is nice.
One other slight annoyance is that their online banking does not connect to mint for account aggregation.
Overall, aside from the clunkiness of the online banking, i really have no complaints about riverset.
Becca akana helped me navigate services and open accounts, set up services needed/wanted.
The staff seems to be friendly, but not very knowledgeable beyond basic checking and savings accounts that they're product pushing!
I also bank at the summerlin location which is the complete opposite, they're organized, well mannered, clean and very knowledgeable!
This bank was better when it was nevada federal .
She can't listen or follow simple instructions on what i want to do with my accounts.
No fees, great rates for car loans, and this particular location has the best staff.
Their customer service stands out.
Worst bank and credit card ever with poor customer service.
I called their customer service number and they wouldn't do anything about it.
I have more than enough money to cover my purchased, but the funds "haven't been released yet".
I didn't know i could get that money back.
They have also expressed how happy they were with brandon's service skills and personal attention.
In every bank of america i go in to.
So, i cancelled my account with these idiots.
Their policies allow them to steal money from people who can not afford it.
I have used this bank for a few years because it was close to where i live.
On 11/5 i overdrafted my account less than $50.
I call the bank four times and every time they hung up on me.
It showed it was deposited when i checked my bank online it said available balance of $301.67.
Desert schools federal credit union is stealing my money when they have no right to.
Please if you do not make a lot of money, do not use this bank.
I have never had a credit one account, and i never will.
They sold the false account to collection agents and did nothing to help resolve the fraud.
I have been using uwcu for more than 5 years for checking, savings, and credit card and i love it.
I switched over to uwcu from associated bank and i'm very happy with it.
The online interface is great and the service at the branches is superb.
Literally the worst bank ever never enough tellers always a line, rude people it's horrible.
So happy i don't have an account here and just deal with this crap for work.
I highly recommend her if you are in need of a no-hassle title loan.
I can't say enough about how good the service i received was across the board.
I would recommend claudia to anyone looking to take out a loan.
The banks have made themselves more inaccessible than ever.
I don't do any banking at my "home" branch since everything can be done online.
Went in to open an account today and i am completely pleased with the service.
I left the 2 banks i had business and personal accounts with and opened 5 accts.
The online banking is easy to use.
There isn't a whole lot of details about the customer service here because it sits right in the middle.
They are a full service bank with a great attitude...just ask lucy!
Just the most appalling customer service of any company i've ever dealt with - ever.
My husband and i have banked with chase for years, but were both disappointed with our visit yesterday.
We needed to speak with a personal banker.
Anyhow -the entire customer service experience at this branch was seriously lacking.
Erik feldman has assisted my wife and me with closing two loans.
2) payments processed like typical low end credit card company, so certain amount of money games expected.
3) the problem with this company are its customer service protocols.
Their online system gets hacked, account suspended, ok fine, not a bad idea.
Guys, if you're making money doing with your godawful practices well then bully for you.
I don't think i have been to a bank with a worse fee structure.
We have quite a few accounts (4 to be exact) and a number of people we initially referred there.
The only reason i have given the bank a 2 (vs a 1) is because the staff are friendly.
Expertise on accounts is average, but it all comes back to the partnership model.
These accounts have actually cost us money in terms of value.
There are a lot better banks out there for you to get the most value from a bank.
Do your research before you look into opening accounts at busey!
Business account structure and fees are extremely high, with personal accounts a little better.
The bankers are lazy and the manager is irresponsible.
All employees there have given us great service.
Nicole hill helped us with our auto loan.
Although nicole moved to the main branch we do still use stephanie street and still receive excellent service there.
Closed - drove around & around looking for this place and another bank was there.
I think that bank is closed also...
I have banked with wells fargo for years, and have had a very positive experience, in general.
They are the slowest bank every time i go thru drive thru it takes 20 min.
I don't know why i keep coming back to this bank location.
I explained that my son was coming from across town to be added to my account a oncu.
My son arrived and i told him what happened and he suggested i move my account to another credidt union.
This bank is disgusting.
Everything from the customer service, lighting, and even smell of this bank makes my skin crawl.
Midfirst is my primary bank and i love them.
Spoke to bank manager gustavo m. very helpful helped me get a mortgage.
Btw got a bank draft for 5k in under five minutes and they knew me by name.
My mother who is "partially deaf" will close her account here very soon.
I am appalled at the level of subpar service here at this branch.
I will be sure to let corporate know before closing her account here.
Lets you know what is happening with the loan process every step of the way.
I don't know any other such a big banks with such a short hours...  wells fargo - way to go.
Seems legit to put my foot down when unnecessary service is being forced down my throat.
We all work hard for the money and i plan to stay in control of what i do with it.
Great service and the friendly tellers is just a plus.
Went in to open account.
The service representative placed her monitor berween her and i.
He should contact customer service while i am on the phone to verify the power of attorney.
I have never had a company make it so hard to arrange to give them money!!!
This will be the last bill of hers that gets paid after the other companies get money
I can't even talk to them about my account.
I plan to close my account, but i don't know how.
It cost too much to keep this account open.
Isn't it there job to count money?
I could maybe understand if i wasn't a part of this bank or if i had $200 in coins...
I will be switching banks/using a different branch that's out of my way..
Also to have a personal banker is quite nice.
Ok this is the "neighborhood" bank, and that would be great if i felt welcome when i visited.
They are incompetent, which is the worst thing you can be in banking.
They make no attempt to even try to give good customer service.
After reading the reviews, i've notice that credit one bank is a scam.
I tried to cancelled my account over the phone and they hung up on me.
I love my bank.
I love my bank.
If you're related to a member of the bank, you can be a member.
Absolutely the worst bank ever!!!
Don't these people understand that you need spending money when you travel.
When i get back i am closing all of my accounts with them!
I had to talk to the manager just to get my own money out.
Stay away from this bank - horrible.
Too many other options out there to go with this bank for your home loan.
I have been doing online money transfers for decades with no problem, other than this one account.
Why do these banks always use poorly trained dufesses in their call centers?
I hate freaking banks!
Again why does one of the largest banks in america refuses to give adequate customer service?
Completely worthless customer service.
I walked into the first u.s. bank that i've ever walked into today.
I was there to open an account and i'm glad i did.
My account has a lot of up-to-date features that i didn't know existed.
I previously banked with one nevada credit union and i did so for many years.
But at least at first glance, u.s. bank has been a good choice for my future banking needs.
Another thing that i like in particular about this bank is that the teller and customer transaction happens sitting down.
0 costumer service .
Services my credit union from california, very easy to work with.
The worse customer service ever!!!
Don't waste your time nor money with this people!!!
Rude staff with absolute zero customer service.
I can always call the customer service number for prompt assistance.
Service seems to be simple and uncomplicated.
Online banking is greatly improved from two years ago so i am a pretty happy member.
The process was easy to just go in and deposit money into my nebraska account.
After awhile i decided i should open an account here in arizona.
I went in and opened my account and everything was good for a short time.
I told her to forget it and deposit it in my shared account in nebraska.
She deposited the money and guess what???
The money was immediatly available.
I told her to close my account because i was so pissed off.
She said it was stated in the paperwork i got when i opened my account...
To sum this up, do not give this credit union your money!
They seem to have forgotten that they need our money, we don't need them.
There are a lot of  banks out there that are happy to have your money.
It was my first time goingnto this bank since the one on maryland and bonanza closed down.
I've dealt with many mortgage brokers and loan officers and none can compare to or deliver like bill's team!
Worst banking center ever!!!
The atms are out of service and this is not the first time.
I will drive out of the way to avoid this banking center.
Not many of us have to go into banks much anymore.
We were bringing someone there to open a new account, and we waited about 30 minutes to be seen.
I just opened an account here and already regret it.
A recent transaction to my account 6. business or personal account  annoying.
Side note, i deposited a check issued by the same account just a few days prior.
If you actually want to be able to spend your money, i'd avoid this place.
Never an issue with service at this branch
I'll try to stay away from this location as much as possible.. no stars service!
Customer service is horrible- they will not fix this even though we were not late.
Everyone knows how hectic bank depots can be.
The service at these locations has never let me down.
Asked her to transfer me to customer service to cancel my card.
The whole point to a brick and mortar bank is for customer service.
They are awfulllll with their customer support and customer service.
So i called to pay it and he said my account needs to update before i can pay it.
If you are looking for business banking, don't expect it here.
Great customer service, attractive decor and location makes this td branch stand out among the city's best branches.
I won't say this relationship bankers name, but she was horrible and rude.
Never in my years with chase or any bank have i had anyone treat us that way.
This bank is terrible.
I've also dealt with a few internal issues with my account.
This banking system is ridiculous
This bank is ridiculous they seem friendly at first but after awhile it changes miraculously and it's unfortunate.
Like relax you work at a bank.
Many of their customers get off work at 5pm so can't come in and use this bank.
I walked out and i'm choosing a different bank.
I am thankful to close down the account.
This was my first interaction with customer service.
Sharwani has been an amazing source of relief of expected banking issues and keeping the cccu standard alive.
I was a bank teller for 5 years and this is unacceptable.
Waiting for a banker.
They really could care less about customer service.
Despite an excellent credit history received the crappiest of service for measly $220k financing.
Are you guys just the most archaic bank?
Every other bank has this!
Absolutely, without a doubt the worst bank i've visited in az.
Don't waste your time with this branch and after this experience, us bank will get none of my money.
My preferred bank :) clean and easy.
Extremely poor customer service.
I've banked with ss off and on since 1970.
I took the time to "google" the "mortgage service company"...why in the world would ss retain them?
Customer service is on life support here.
I've banked at credit unions most my life.
A headache bank, uses the technologies to deceive you .
I don't know if my account has been cancelled ??!!!???!!!?!?
When it comes to the banking industry, i'm usually pretty disgusted with the whole lot.
Despite being the sort of person who doggedly stayed with local banks (remember those?)
Despite friends' warnings (isn't there a war story about every bank?
A bank that puts the spirit of law before the letter of it?
Isn't good service so often the dealbreaker when it comes to choosing or staying with a bank?
I just canceled my services with prolific business solution.
This place is the worst for loans.
It took four times for them to get my auto loan correct.
Not to mention how condensending and patronizing the vice president of the bank was to me.
Absolutely the worst customer service ever!
Credit one bank fucking sucks ass!!!!
Horrible service if you can even call it that.
We don't recommend midfirst bank.
We talked with cory, the bank manager cory.
This bank is a really bad joke.
Worst customer service and laziest staff i have experienced in a long time.
The last few times i've entered the bank yolanda has been such a huge help.
Her friendliness and upbeat personality lightens the mood from a usual bank experience.
So i have banked here for over five years.
I call midfirst right away to explain the situation because there are no banks nearby.
In fact they have no banks in california.
If i was with any other bank i could have just gone and deposited the money.
Will never go to a "bank" again.
We recently opened a new checking/savings account after moving from oregon to henderson.
No problems with this bank.
One of the most friendly banks, staff rocks, debbie, dawn are great personnel unlikely other banks.
Depositing checks or banking is painful at this location.
I have banked with chase bank my entire adult life.
The chase corporation should be extremely proud of this branch, as the customer service is top notch.
It is a pleasure to do my banking there.
The service is shoddy and you have to love this, twice when they made a mistake, they blamed me!
Time for a new bank!!!
Absolutely stay away from credit one bank!!!
No one in this company will do anything about this fraud account.
***do not trust credit one bank***
The teller asked me if i was a current us bank customer.
Since when did banks charge you to cash a check written from their bank???
She said:  1 - you can open a us bank account.....yeah right....i don't think so.
2 - i can deposit it at a bank where i have an account.
No way...that's not an option....i want my money now.
Well, i had no choice....i had to pay the $5 rip-off fee......screw this bank.
But will i ever bank with us bank?
No merchant window open and after 20 minutes i left ...... horrible bank .
English is the 3rd language in that bank ... only in america.
Their customer service is outsourced and fees and rates are too high.
You're better off keeping your money under your mattress.
I opened this account when i moved to phoenix and had major problems from day one.
Customer service is majorly flawed as noted by the other reviewers.
Since i've had the account multiple branch locations have shut down and shared branching options have become limited.
This has pretty much made the service go from poor to terrible.
I drove to the bank next door to finish my transaction without any troubles.
I'm a long-time user of bofa....so i'm not reviewing the bank chain - just this location itself.
I tried calling the bank after 20 minutes and, naturally, there was no answer.
I'm switching banks and ecstatic to do so.
I had a random check put into my account from an error that ended up costing me over $500.
This credit union is pathetic and never bank with them.
My parents setup a bank account with parama ages ago, when i was still in diapers.
Once my credit card is paid off, i will close my account with chase altogether.
Not good customer service.
This bank is pretty quiet inside.
I love that the service was quick and there was not a line
Here's my story:  i had a car loan with them.
Little did i know- that they reported me to the credit reporting bureau for default of my car loan!
I realized i was using the wrong checking account when it asks you to confirm yes or no.
I immediately made the same payment with the correct checking account.
Your customer service is terrible.
You need to be accountable for that mistake and make it right.
But hey, you're a big credit bank, i am a small guy and i see that i really don't matter.
I am not going to go with that bank.
This bank is making money out of charging your credit card accounts with fake transactions.
I quickly gathered the money to get the third unit.
Credit one will sell your account to its grimey family entity junk debt buyer.
They are really nice and great to bank with.
I have never had a major problem like i experienced at other banks.
One of the worst customer service ever.
I appreciate reminder phone calls but their customer service is out sourced to india.
Btw, capital one's customer service is excellent!
Definitely agree with the horrible customer service comment.
If u were thinking about using this bank...keep searching.
What kind of money establishment is this?
Your .01 piece of plastic and 10 seconds of bad customer service and it's $5?
Counting the days till i can close our acct and move to a real bank.
I had no issues with the bank until today and i have never been so upset.
I have never been so upset in my life and the lack of customer service was unbelievable.
I'm closing my account the second i get back home.
Absolutely pathetic and the worst customer service i have ever been given.
I have been nothing but pleased with my purchases and the customer service i received at this location.
My account was cancelled.
I found out after the fact, "that account was closed."
I went in to open a new checking account and got so much more !
My checking account also included a savings account.
The on line banking is amazing too.
The customs service is above and beyond ...... marco wibowo was so awesome !!!
He made me so comfortable and made sure i knew everything about my account and the benefits .
I am so excited and happy with my decision to open my account with marco at one nevada .
I look forward to many years of service with my personal banker marco wibowo !
They will promise you the world to get you to open accounts but will not follow through.
It helped that i had a chequing account.
I got my money and was a happy camper.
Brian has been fantastic over the last 2 years on our account.
I've been to this location several times and they really don't seem to care for customer service.
Thanks credit one bank, i truly appreciate you giving me credit a while back when no one else would!
I worked with unison bank for a home loan.
Just where are all the service fees we pay going?
I wish it wasn't such a pain to transfer our business accounts.
Customer service is horrible.
Definitely avoid using this bank.
I have been banking with dsfcu since 2000, and i can honestly say that i love my bank!
When i went to the bank, the teller asked me why i was closing my accounts.
Out of spite, he cancelled my account.
I had a good experience with donna e, new accounts.
Also explained differences between credit unions & banks.
With her advice we got a great deal and saved us a lot of money.
Rick west and his employees give the worst service.
Wanted me to pay for anew card when the stripe would not activate, closed my account and went to chase
This bank has 5 people greeting you and 1 teller working.
Might just be the worst bank branch on earth.
I'm not sure what happen to fast, efficient service, but it definitely doesn't exist at this branch.
I just purchased my first home and john did an outstanding job on our loan.
I highly recommend john to help get your loan!
This bank is close to home its quick and easy access is fun and i like it.
Its a nice place to save your money and watch it grow.
So i patiently sat and waited to speak with a banker for almost 20 minutes.
I will bank at this branch only to use the atm because the atm has better customer service!
So, the account was paid in full 8 days ago.
Sounds crazy, so just closed my accounts with the company.
It has been 20 plus minutes at this time and i go in the bank.
I tell him i will close my five accounts with them and he says ok.
I guess this is why their credit rating took a huge hit, their excellent customer service.
Claudia gave me the best service i could have asked for.
Claudia you are amazing thank you for your outstanding customer service you provided to me.
Don't open an account with this company.
On the last call, they disconnected my call after being on about 40 minutes with various customer service representatives.
My bank, capitalone, also verified that this was an electronic payment and not a check mailed.
This resulted in a late payment of 29.07 being assessed on my account in my march statement on 3/5.
I made calls in march and in april trying to get this resolved, but experienced horrendous customer service.
You can't reach anyone at their corporate offices as well and no reponse from customer service.
I walked in to ask to put my wife on my account.
Ill be taking my banking to a different location.
Set me up to talk to a banker.
One thing they can improve on is hiring more bankers that handle different accounts.
Came in at 11:30 to put money in a new account and get a temp card.
Note: this is not a review of us bank in general.
Please don't consider going to this branch of us bank.
Sean moved first so he set up the accounts in his name only at first.
I can't figure out why somebody with another state's id would be looking to open new bank accounts, either!
It took over an hour to accomplish the task of adding me to the accounts.
Turns out after all of that, she only added me to the savings account.
Right because if i were going to pick just one account to have, it would definitely be the savings.
I also wanted to bitch a little bit so i called customer service.
Great customer service and perfect location for us.
Every other branch i go to i have excellent service just avoid this one and you should be ok
This bank had been just okay.
I will move all of my money at the earliest convenience.
Parama is the best kept secret in banking in toronto!!
I live in vancouver now, though, and that hasn't really stopped me from enjoying their services.
But you would get the money back if you wanted to leave.
I recently switched from bank of america.
I didn't know banking could be this easy and no fees!
He made me feel very comfortable and even showed me how make 2% on my checking account.
The way you always imagined your bank should treat you.
And the tellers and service people are all incredibly nice.
Well checking my records the gentleman on three phone was right.
I have spoken to their customer service, supervisors.
Had to pay $1100 for a $650 loan that was a day and a half late.
Completely disgusted with their customer service.
Go to capital one bank!!!
So i drive to the branch bank here and talk with one of those so-called personal bankers.
There are no restrictions on trust accounts preventing me for transferring funds from or to those kinds of accounts.
So polite, friendly, and courteous- i think she may be my favorite teller ever, at any bank!
The bank/credit union was clean and there was no wait when i arrived.
They keep trying to get customers to use automated banking.
Phasing out customer service in the form of tellers is working out great!
This bank is brutal.
Do not bank here.
It is disgusting how these large banks can get away with crap like this during a recession.
I've banked with chase for 12 years and worked for them for 4.
I just started using pse for all my banking this past summer.
This company is a money grab.
This credit union charges a $25 account closing fee!
I have accounts with 3 other credit unions and 4 other banks; none of them charge an "account closing fee".
When i opened an account here, this fee didn't exist.
I recently was in town and needed to withdraw some money from a joint account (i am not the primary).
Customer service was also excellent.
Horrible customers service and harassing.
You basically had to keep saying customer service over and over hoping it would take you to the right place.
They do not like for you to pay the loan off in the first 30 days.
This bank has a female manager with dark hair, who is a young girl on a powertrip.
I wouldnt reccomend anyone dealing with her unless you want the worst customer service and a power trip attitude.
She was not helpful to me at all and i will be switching banks because of her.
Would recommend this place great customer service !
I've been waiting for an hour and no one can deposit this check into my account.
They finally agreed to to put it into my account if my wife is on my account.
We will be changing banks as soon as possible!
They charge exorbitant fees and the customer service is non-existent if you have any problems or issues to report.
I just tried to speak to a manager on a call to the this bank.
Note: this review pertains to the facilities at the pines in urbana and the main bank on university ave.
I am astonished at all the negative reviews for busey bank.
All my banking is done there.
I have been steered right in all my business -- refinancing, ira, loans, whatever.
Online banking intimidated me but busey's online banking has been easy to use.
The atm eats checks, this bank has gone down hill
It left me with a bad experience and i will not be banking with them ever.
Good fast friendly service, nice employees
Most recently, i had to cash in quite a few savings bonds.
I totally get the hype of switching from a big bank to a credit union!
This is a bank, what could i write about it?
I frequently do my banking here.
The customer service here is fine.
Usually it is my typical banking and i progress to the cue leading to the tellers.
And right in the bank that problem was taken care of.
And, customer service is another reason that i often bank here.
They are lazy, callous people who don't give a rat's patootie about your money.
So now i have to take time out of my day and go there and fight for my money.
I am always having to fight for my money.
I think the little rascals play bank showed more maturity than this place does.
If you like having control over your money, stay far far away from this place.
I hate banks in general, but i hate pse even more.
The manager angie hates customer service and trains her employees to be as rude as possible.
They basically held my money hostage!
What a bunch of money grubbing scumbags, much worse than any bank i've ever dealt with.
I like this banking center!
You walk in and want to deposit money and walk out, easy right?
Came up here to set up a new account.
Clean good coffee and friendly service i'll be back.
A great bank and home lender to work with.
Dave was beyond knowledgeable and efficient in handling my loan.
I closed my account with them since i am trying to pay off cards and not use them.
When i refused their offer to re-open my account they immediately stopped sending me monthly statements.
I only use uw credit union for checking so i can't comment on their other services.
They cashed a savings bond for me that another credit union wouldn't.
I have worked in customer service most of my life and a little kindness and understanding goes a long way!
Please continue to offer this level of service because it will keep customers banking with this bank.
I ended my day in the bank and was not looking forward to having to go, but rebecca changed that!!!
This is your average chase bank.
Hard to even give a single star-- horrible customer service by desk staffers.
Personal bankers are never available to assist and nor do they help make us feel as though we are important.
Deposited my check and everything was fine and that the money was available right then and there.
The money still should be in my account because you didn't pay attention to the date.
We have been loyal customers of this bank for nearly 5 years .
My husband shannon took out a title loan and didn't know the process.
This will be my last month with this bank.
Uh- oh, does this count as an 'experience" with the services of prolific?
I didn't just sign up for credit card processing, they also offered payroll services.
Bad customer service too   they will keep you on hold for ever.
Recently, ds stopped participating in the shared bank network though.
The mobile bank app only allows deposits for about 2k.
An operator suggested that i sign and mail the check to the bank.
Long/short of this, ds is very limited in their service now.
It's obvious that they have moved to the big bank mentality, yet their rates and services don't compare.
I ended up going to another location and getting much better service.
Competitive banking makes you a one star.
Yep, that's ing, the mostly online bank.
Follow them at @orangeyyc for their regular social events and check out a bank branch that's not a bank branch.
The worst bank experience.
Let's start with the fact that they no longer offer free savings accounts.
I called the bank just to make sure they were going to credit fees at the end of the month.
Ultimately, despite already ordering checks, i'm planning to close my two checking accounts and business account, and go elsewhere.
Within a month of opening my account they'd greet me by name when i walk in.
Now i have kids accounts and a loan through them.
I hate this bank!
I don't bank here for this exact reason,  but my place of work does.
I've been a bank of america customer for greater than a decade.
The teller at this location today refused to allow me to deposit my money.
I'll go to an actual bank location.
I recently discovered that you can walk into a place called a bank and walk out with something called "cash".
They refused to allow me access to my hsa account.
They have access to my very personal and private information of which i do not trust them or @bankofamerica with.
It is a small branch that offers tellers and personal banking experience.
I was immediately greeted and serviced with a smile.
This was my first checking account, i was 16 and just got my first job!
They were a great bank, always helpful and friendly.
But i definitely recommend them for opening up your first account.
I also didn't like that there were few and far between locations compared to larger banks.
Don't ever bank with these thieves!!!!
Can't process checks on the weekend, customer service number is no good!
They have always been there when i needed a car loan, signature loan or if i just had questions.
I came to the tangerine cafe to open a new bank account.
It is a busy branch but then all bank of america offices in the supermarkets are extremely busy!
I've noticed lately that service has improved and attribute it to great teamwork the team is now displaying.
They were, as mentioned, happy to help me move my account over to america first credit union.
This is a great main branch bank!
Everything you could expect from a bank, nice people taking your money and holding onto it for you.
Would be 5star if they just gave me free money.
One of the most friendly banks, staff rocks, debbie, dawn are great personnel unlikely other banks.
The customer service is worse than sprint.
I've been with nsb bank for over three decades.
Mind you this check isn't for a lot of money.
It's called customer service and it doesn't involve a team of lawyers.
The 800 customer service rep. heidi was the most helpful.
My entire family has banked with them for decades but this was the last straw for me.
You'll also be charged a high monthly fee for not maintaining a fairly hefty balance in your checking account.
Had a meeting with a loan and no show no call.
Worst customer service i have ever received.
Customer service here is absolutely terrible.
My suggestion is to find a credit union and bank there.
My mom & i have been banking with cccu for years and we do not have any complaints.
We especially love the bank teller at the tenaya branch named jodie.
Raising your credit limit by $250 at a time is just a way to squeeze more money out of you.
I went to pay and mysteriously my bank account information is missing across all platforms.
Worst customer service ever!!
Every time i call customer service i get sent to voicemail, not once has anyone ever returned my call.
This bank is a true definition of horrible institution.
I called the card company due to multiple fraud charges on my account and everything was handled promptly.
I called and spoke with a customer service agent, making it was the most painful 25 minutes of my life.
The charged were credited back to my account.
Per customer service, american airlines is a subscription.
I've banked here for a long time and am not changing.
They'll decode that sh*t and make sure your money goes into the right account.
Just make sure you use my account number xxxxxxx1234 -;d
The staff here are very friendly and helpful, and always do their best within the rules of us bank.
Don't work here, don't bank with them, stay away from this shady company.
We currently have a business account with bank of america.
It is now busy and bank like.
Additionally,  i was recently charged fees that are not associated with my type of account.
Needless to say, i am shopping for a new bank for merchant services.
Desert financial is simply put a bad bank.
My personal experience, i put money in from another bank to cover my money coming out.
Even if you request it they will not send you advisory if your account runs low.
Banks make big money from fees.
My only real issue with this bank is that my account keeps getting hacked.
I went to bank of america to make a deposit for a friend .
I opened an account at this credit union.
It cost me $90 to give them my money.
I'm totally satisfied with the bank but sure had a few problems but always got them worked out.
This bank has help my credit to go to 750 score.
Had them over 8 years after a bankruptcy and lost my house..
Mh neighbor referred me to unison bank for my fha streamline.
David and his team did a wonderful job finding the most inexpensive financing possible and providing great customer service.
3 in the afternoon and i left this bank very dissatisfied.
Started banking at washington mural back in the day.
The drive thru services are nice and don't take long.
I had two accounts listed on my online account to make payments from; one i rarely used.
Huh, strange, it's been a week and that money hasn't been taken from my account yet, so i try again.
And if i tried to use it again they'd suspend my account.
But, it's an online bank, so they don't have a branch i can visit!
Two weeks later, my account is still showing suspended so i call again.
This time the lady tells me that my account was closed and nope, sorry, can't do anything about it.
The line is always so ridiculously long..the longest line i've seen at a bank, ever.
My husband has an account with this company.
We have confirmation from our bank that it was done however capital one claims it takes a month to post.
Last year we paid off the balance however the account was frozen.
This company's service is subpar.
Bank of the worse.
By far thee worst bank i've ever had an account with.
So i called the bank, they also charged me a check bounce fee.
Come to find out the teller printed me counter checks from my savings, not my checking.
I can see why they are closing, no one trust them with their money.
Currently looking for a new bank!!
I came in today to close an account.
Thank you for your excellent customer service today!
I've been with this bank for 20 years, and this means nothing to them.
The experience with loan officer anthony tuason was amazing.
Now that is awesome service!
I was directed to speak to senior real estate loan officer jeff rosenblatt regarding financing a new home loan.
Overall i find jeff's behavior very disgusting as a senior real estate loan officer.
I am looking  right now to find another home for my money.
I will not be going to capital one for my car loan.
When i paid my card off on their web site, they put a hold on my account.
Although they recieved the mail, their phone customer service says it is not noted on my credit card account.
Horrible service, huge fees, and unreliable if you depend on the card to work when you need it.
For loans ssscu is a very good bank.
Gave us a great interest rate on a home loan!!
Always a  pleasure banking here.
Top notch customer service.
I was in last week an opened a new account.
The representative that assisted shea was knowledgeable and made the account opening process smooth and quick.
I feel very secure in knowing my money will be handled correctly.
She then asks me to verify the date i opened my account with one nevada.
I have had my account for years!!
I'm not calling to ask for money or personal information, i'm trying to prevent someone from using my card fraudulently.
Bank of america is horrible, get another bank.
Open your eyes bank of america, you are under staffed at most of your locations.
Your customer service sucks.
And managers shouldn't be trash talking other banks.
Not really logical charging you your money to keep your money there.
I have a credit card with them a savings and checking account.
Their customer service it not that great!
Some area's the customer service is good (in house) but some area's of town, it's shotty...
This is an easy bank which is what i like the most about them.
Credit one bank uses an overseas customer service phone room.
They have no us based customer service.
For that reason you should not use credit one bank for anything.
I don't see myself ever switching to another bank for any purpose.
I have been banking with them for 4 years and have never had even one issue.
I also feel as if they don't pressure you to open other services.
If anyone talks about bank issues, i always find myself raving about my wonderful banking experiences!!!
I used put money in her account in undergrad, but not anymore.
Needsless to say her ffl account had no balance for a while.
She also had an old e-mail account with ffl that she no longer used.
I had to scramble to come up with the money.
They say they are a community bank.
A community bank should do a better job supporting our students and showing some compassion.
From the employees, to the service and fraud department, they've always been top notch.
Superb people and service!
Worst bank u.s bank is ridiculous!!
I have 5 bank accounts with bank of america and have been with the bank over 25 years.
My "home branch" is on carefree hwy where i get fantastic customer service.
I just called b of a and got the fee waived by customer service (in 20 seconds).
Don't go here if you want service.
But take your business to the carefree hwy branch - amazing service for over 8 years.
I have never had a home loan go so smoothly and quickly.
Being more than satisfied with how my home loan went i tried a car loan.
To matt (car broker) and jennifer "the new yorker"(car loan rep)thank you for an excellent and painless experience.
Customer service is pretty good.
Once he looked at his veterans id he asked 'so you're not here for an account with us?'.
Worst credit union ever no customer service, bank hours suck, fees are higher than a lot of banks .
Came in to the branch today to inquire about setting up an account and applying for an auto loan.
Alex s set up my account and answered all of my questions.
Recently opened an account with az fed cu after banking with comerica bank for years.
Decided that feeding the "banksters" on wall street with my cash was no longer a good idea.
I can highly recommend as everything has gone smoothly with the transition from "banksters" to local credit union.
I was shopping for auto loans and wanted a specific rate.
My own chase bank couldn't even get close with a pretty good credit score and income.
Checked several other banks and credit unions before making it to cccu.
In february there was $680 worth of fraud on my account.
Yes, credit one bank card is useful if you want to rebuild your credit.
However, if you can avoid calling customer service for any reason, please do.
I called customer service (this time) to ask for the status of my new card because my last name changed.
I told him it was already done and my new name was on the account.
Steer clear away from credit one bank if you can help it.
I explained over and over and they requested a letter from my bank!
This is a bank where customer service should be their number one priority in attaining their customers.
We quickly learned how customer service is an important factor in the way he runs this business.
We have also referred a few friends to chuck's office and they could not be more happy with his service.
In general we have been very happy with the service of state farm in general.
I saw a video on youtube that its better to bank at regional/local banks.
So i went today and asked to speak to a banker.
This bank is slow paced and works in slow motion.
I will advise you all to stay away from this bank.
Always great customer service.
My husband and i share an account and the wonderful tellers always know who we are.
She has been tremendous in helping me get my business account started.
Working with a smaller bank, you feel like you know everyone.
I recommend this bank to anyone in las vegas and extremely recommend doing your business at the tenaya branch.
This branch has no customer service!
What a great customer service this company has not.
I have decided to switch all of my 6 accounts from chase to a more personable local bank.
The branch has wonderful employees who are always nice, helpful and seem honestly caring about your bank needs.
If i could i give negative stars this bank would recieve 100 negative stars.
The customer service at this location is beyond terrible.
Have seen falsified service affadavits from express process services of saskatoon, sk.for a court date unbeknoswt to me.
Great location and customer service    chase has a lot of technologically advanced options for its customers.
When i decided to retire and cancel their service -  they charged me a $395 cancellation fee.
Chase bank doesn't accept cash!
My son banks at chase.
I went to put some cash into his checking account and they would not accept the cash!!
They said because of fraudulent money.
I am old school and finally i have learned how to us the internet for everything including banking.
But, hark...... now money is obsolete too.
I started banking here when i was 16 years old.
My stepfather owned his own business and did most of his banking through midfirst.
As soon as he closed his account, my personal experience with midfirst took a turn for the worst.
Another point to bring up is infrastructure (ease of use with mobile app, technology implemented to make banking more convenient).
I paid off my balance and closed my account a couple of months ago.
Today, i received a bill demanding payment of $24.91 for service fees and late fees!!!
The supervisor tols me that my bank stopped the payment.
I think i'm ready to move on to a new bank.
Otherwise, i'd be closing my accounts today.
They have only gotten better since my first savings account started there, back when i was a wee lad.
This bank is super awesome, they've always been friendly every time i've been in there.
I only use my account for paying bills and occasionally i space one and forget to put the money in.
Apparently they're just as greedy & shady as big banks, so what's the point of using this credit union?
I love chase bank, why?
Because of multiple banks for easy access and fast atm speed.
So happy to be finally closing my account here!
The female banker here with the last name davis is very rude.
The banker recommended me opening a credit card for a higher limit... um no!!
I just want to spend my hard earned money on my debit card!
Most horrible customer service ever !!!
But me as a manager this is the most horrible customer service ever !!!!
Top it off with free money orders and now, they get a 5-star review!
This is not the bank for you, if you travel to the states!
Time to change banks!
The bank closes at 6:00pm!
Us bank will not return my call either.
Can't wait to take my banking elsewhere.
You can bank without getting off your bike!
I've been doing business with cccu for years, service is great!
This is the slowest bank i've ever been to.
I don't really enjoy going to the bank but i've had to do it a lot recently for work.
Unfortunately,  while i was out of town there were a few banking issues that i noticed when i returned.
It was an emergency , and the bank couldn't  answer the phone.
This is the slowest bank of america around.
But on the reorder this time around the bank had an issue for no reason and locked the account.
I'm out this bank.
This branch provides excellent service in a friendly, relaxed atmosphere.
Quite a different banking experience than the impersonal mega-banks where employees change and managers get relocated frequently.
Chad bernal was phenominal in helping me set up a new account today.
I recommend this branch and chads services to anyone looking for a quality hometown feeling.
I applied for a personal loan and was asked for my employers phone number.
Also, the loan is for 5 months and they don't allow you to pay off early!
First merit heavily advertised free checking, insisting it would be free.
They made fun of the other banks.
I opened several "free" checking accounts.
This is a good fundamental bank and don't be shy of it.
Just any "free" service.
I am just happy that boa is not my bank.
Please clean up your act regarding retail banking.
I will tell you that my wife and i do not normally use your services, nor plan to.
Your service leaves a very bad taste in our mouths.
I enjoyed doing my banking over here.
2 tellers, over 15 ppl on line, over a 30 minute wait and all the little cubicles.... bankers doin nothing.
This bank location lost my cash credit card payment.
It is not unheard of for money to be credited to the wrong account or just lost in general.
It didn't happen every day at the bank, but it happened frequently.
Yelp 100 challenge - 2018 # 66  thank you denise for the amazing customer service and great conversation.
Customer service:  it depends on who you get when you walk in but on today i had amazing customer service.
I'm to have had such a knowledgeable banker.
Always the best service.
Bank of america made the mistake but couldn't fix it without documents from a lawyer.
After meeting with the bank manager, christina, she was told everything was in proper order.
Now we are dealing with problems because of their gross mishandling of the account.
Worst bank & worst customer service including their corporate!
Hope they go bankrupt.
I will never use this bank again.
My account is frozen and they can't do anything until she gets back from vacation!
Now i have no money to spend because it is stuck in my frozen account.
Horrible customer service..don't use them
Customer for 23 years with 8 personal and business accounts here.
Tellers are friendly and helpful, however, bankers are opposite story!
Also, she is not responsible nor will she be for any actions of previous banker that initated the account.
Wow, guess wells fargo really does prefer to open 3.5 million fake accounts instead of legitimate real ones!
And continue to slap accounts with unnecessary fees to pad their pockets.
Suggest staying away from this branch if you expect any real service.
Bankers are dishonest, rude, unprofessional, and very incompetent.
Apparently, that is how this branch operates and how management trains the bankers here!
Used this bank in minnesota and never had a problem.
If you are ever in need to financial services or just to open an account.
I can't rave enough about her customer service.
Hope they go bankrupt!!!
I'd put my money and business with them!
I came to this bank after the positive experience and customer service that was provided to me.
Even though i did not bank there.
If i go to my lock box i don't feel that the banker needs to know why.
When i ask for a money order i don't think the banker needs to know who its for.
These are just a few reasons i will be moving my banking elsewhere.
Probably the worst hours of any bank i've ever been to.
What bank closes at 3:00 in the afternoon?
What a great bank.
Dollar banks are always decorated so very regal.
I do not bank here but have to come here to pay my rent each month.
If i ever want to change banks i just may have to give them a try.
This a bank that is completely unprofessional.
Thanks but no thanks, stick to reputable bank.
Worst banking experience ever!
Thank u for each of you at fifth 3rd bank.
There were transients right near the front entrance begging everyone for money.
Would like to see that service offered at this location.
I normally like chase compared to other banks, but i don't really understand what they are doing to this location.
Felt like i was at bank of america???
Excellent service and employees that care.
Banker alen g. showed genuine concern and took the time out of his day to assist with my banking needs.
I don't bank at chase.
He needed to go the bank, and this branch was the closest one he found from strip.
This is the most frustrating experience i have ever had with a bank!!!
The acting supervisor tells me "well the money wasn't in your account so we return the payments".
Why offer the service if you don't follow through!
I'm closing my account and going to a bank we're customers matter!
I think most of us can agree that bank of america doesn't care about these reviews on yelp.
If you're thinking of opening an account with this bank i urge you to seek other options.
As soon as my pending transactions clear i will be closing my account.
Wait days  to have my money!
All other major banks i use have much better services- chase, hsbc, etc.
This was actually one of the first banks of america i ever visited.
Back then, i think it was nationsbank.
I've been banking with wf for 21 years and this is by far the best location i've been to.
The word incompetent would be too nice for this bank.
My husband and i opened a savings and checking account together with suzy lombardi on june 5th.
We are not idiots and know how to manage our money but thanks.
I was really excited to use this bank.
Now we have to wait 2 more weeks to use this account but i'm going to close it.
I would rather bank with wells fargo or chase literally any other bank than this one.
This bank is unprofessional and i will not recommend it to anyone.
All my experiences with other banks have been very good, but not with local branch.
So i figured hey rbc is a major banker no problem right?
Worst bank i have ever been too.
Only a few bankers and to many tellers.
Now i know why i do my financial service business with banks and not credit unions.
You may have lower rates on loans and other lending products but you pay with reduced service.
I received a mailer in the mail to refinance my auto loan at a reduced interest rate.
As a bank employee that is also a share holder, i probably will leave my business at the bank.
That's what makes a great business model; no matter what the product or service is that they are selling.
I'd previously banked at a 1st bank in colorado.
The service was outstanding.
I've now been to two separate branch locations of first bank in the phoenix area.
Both of them have the same outstanding customer "friendly" service.
Whomever is in charge of the corporate customer service policy, thank you!
The friendly service at first bank blows every other bank out of the water.
Avoid this bank at all costs.
Td bank is the only bank that registered all mortgages as a collateral charge.
I borrowed student loan from national bank (oshawa).
The bank wants the money back while i am still in final year of school.
Other banks give you grace period of 1 year after graduation to start paying money back.
This bank is giving me lots of agony while i am studying for my final medical exam.
I will never do any business with this bank again.
They are a giant bank however, and the staff doesn't have any leeway for bending the rules.
Specifically with two incredible bankers wanda and seema!
We spoke on the way to the bank and bang!
I can't say enough about this amazing service i just experienced!
You give them your hard earned money.
There is really no need to beat a dead horse, a bank is a bank is a bank.
Avoid this location if you don't want to spend your day at the bank!
I would highly recommend mountain america and jared to anyone looking for a great place to bank with!
However, i later discovered that the teller had deposited my money into the wrong account.
Td canada trust service is usually pretty good & i appreciate that they eventually fixed the mistake.
My banking experience at this branch was definitely one that caused more problems than it solved.
If i hadn't been checking up on the account, the mistake would not have been identified (nor fixed).
When banking here, i'll need to double-check everything the teller does.
Thank you guys for putting up with my super specific banking needs!
I really like pnc as a bank.
They havent gone ape**** over fees like bigger national banks.
The world works until five and you supply the money.
I go here regularly as the hours are great, and the customer service is top notch.
In fact, you can park halfway between the harkins and the us bank and save gas.
If you have been to some other banks with grumpy tellers this place will be refreshing.
There was a $500 minimum  balance requirement for my checking account.
I complained and got nowhere with their unfriendly customer service.
I decided to close the account and go to a commercial bank.
Their customer service didn't even try to change my mind or offer to reconsider those phony overdraft fees.
I got a checking account from them, then a home loan.
So much for friendly service and the hope for single point of contact.
Primarily use their atm services but indoor service has been pleasant and helpful.
Otherwise, i like this bank and their on-line services.
The actual yoga room is down the last elevator bank and through the glass doors.
Why not review my local wells fargo bank?
Well, i went into this bank to open an account.
I just dropped by the bank today to ask for a print out of my statement from my account.
The banker named robert brunt was rude.
It was my fourth time to visit this bank since i moved from cali.
Im waiting to open a new bank account.
Worst bank i've ever dealt with!
Always multiple hour wait time to see a banker, even when the lobby is empty.
I'm sitting here alone in the bank and was told it will be over two hour wait.
Again, worst bank ever!
Location is the the key on a great bank.
This might not be a bad bank for personal banking but don't bother for merchant, you'll be here all day.
Amazing bank for small business.
Seth is an outstanding bank representative of the bank.
We ultimately decided to give into the monster and settled on bank of america.
Setting up the business account wasn't hard.
Neither were the personal accounts, really.
How about an extra account for your dog?
Then the real difficulty began: transferring money.
Finally, it seems that they didn't order the debit cards for the accounts like they said they would.
How come no one did report this bank has been closed.
I recently opened up a bank account for our school ptsa with this branch.
The personal banker's name was sabrina petit.
They offered our ptsa no fee checking, which included free checks!
If you've ever tried to open a business account anywhere else, you'd know that this is a big deal.
The bank was out of money bags the day that i set up the account.
So great in fact that we are thinking about going to open savings accounts for our kids there with her!
This lady's name is laura shearer.. be sure not to do business with this bank!
My money came out sideways and crumpled.
So another employer begins the claim process and start asking me if i want a checking account etc.
I want my damn money.
I still can't believe a bank is run like this.
The banker i dealt with was helpful even if he needed a store manager to perform the transaction i needed.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Chase is the best bank in las vegas.
Horrible customer service and management.
Would not let me deposit money into my friends account without having a chase account.
Absolutely worse service i've ever received .
So i requested to close my account and she said okay .
Never asked for id and proceeded giving him my money from my account.
After banking with you guys 6+ years never going back and do not recommended anyone to bank with chase.
I don't like to write bad reviews but this bank is horrible.
He put me in a business account.
About a month later when i went to transfer my rent money and move money to my other bank....i couldn't.
I'll be looking for a new bank.
I wouldn't recommend this bank from my experiences.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Outstanding customer service, better than any bank i have ever belonged to!
This bank is on the smaller side and i believe there are only a few locations in town.
Not a bank for the people, a bank for themselves & to make money off your money.
Ugh hate when i have to walk in this bank.
Fernando is an understanding banker at this location that listens and works with and for you.
Online banking at ds is still in last century with glitches that he helped explain.
Called customer service and even they refused!
Great customer service hands down and always professional!
The worst banking customer service in the world!
I complain to the better business bureau about their service and about their policies.
This is why big banks i have such a bad reputation.
You see bankers like kenny feel they are  disrespected when you disagree with them.
This is the worst bank i have ever banked with.
Customer service is non existent and overdraft fees are absolutely horrendous.
We opened our business accounts here.
We have always received extremely helpful service.
It's a full service location with the fancy atms inside which disperse $1, $5 & $20 bills.
Friendly tellers and a terrific biz banker.
On the one hand, their telephone customer service is pretty legit.
[] nuisance 1 [] i needed to be added to my wife's account.
The simple solution would have been to, you know, add me to my wife's account.
The bank... person (banker?)
Decides instead to close my wife's account and open a brand new one in both of our names.
We ended up spending the next few weeks dealing with incorrect bank account numbers, interac cards that wouldn't work, etc.
In our attempt to access the money in this unnecessary new account.
They lost the money.
[] nuisance 3 [] we attempted to move more money and close our borderless account a couple weeks ago.
So our account is still open.
It feels like we're dealing with two separate banks: the bank that knows what's happening when i call.
And the bank that doesn't know what's happening when we show up at this location.
We will see if i'll ever get this money..
I'll be switching banks as soon as i can..
Logan has always helped me out and i've been happy with his services provided in the past.
First bank is a waste of space.
They have awful customer service, low-energy tellers, and the branch manager is the worst.
Save yourself time and hold on to your money.
First bank is an absolute joke.
It takes 2-4 hours for your cash to show up in the account.
Since when will a bank not accept a deposit of $175 into a boy scout account?
I am not a signatory on the account, but why would that matter?
It has never mattered in the past, at any other bank i've ever been to.
Let them have their rules, and i will move all of our accounts elsewhere.
I guess i'm used to all banks dealing with my account in a "we want to keep him away".
My local bank with my local account gets very little business out of me.
I have other banks that treat me very well, and they have most of my money.
Thank you jab for fantastic customer service!
Customer phone service on the other hand is not ok.
Knowledgeable service and gets you in and out quickly!
Walked in this morning to find one of my old banker, managing.
What a great asset mike h.,  is to bank of america.
This is a really modern bank.
This place is great all the staff are friendly and helpful they give me the loan i needed.
I believe me i will get a bump up when i go in for another loan!!
I was issued a check from bank of america.
As i am not a bank of america member, i went there to cash it.
This branch manager has no customer service skills whatsoever.
I just couldn't get myself to pay that kind of money.
I've banked with other financial institutions and none can top it.
It was rather rough banking in a state that never had a single nfcu branch.
Opened an account today.
From the security outside to the teller and bank representatives, my visit was easy, quick and reassuring.
I have accounts at 4 banks.
I rarely use chase because of poor customer service.
She can't access my checking statement.
That line was about 10 deep for 1 personal banker.
My advice is dont open an account here.
This bank could make keeping cash in your mattress popular again!
They helped me with a fine loan as i had just flew back from europe and was short of cash.
All banks conduct legalized fraud, but pnc does it under the radar.
My previous international travel bank fidelity has since sold out, but before they only charged a 1% fee.
After working with the loan department, i have decided to pull our money and move our mortgage.
However they used this as a reason not to go through with our loan.
You think  bank of america would want to help us make it easier to get through the economy crisis.
Just to let you know i am speaking about the loan department in chandler arizona.
Got home and found out they canceled our loan.
Never will i use this bank.
Their commitment to customer service sucks.
I was very impressed by the drive thru service.
Banks are banks (just like cell phone companies).
Most products and services and fees are almost interchangeable, you have to find the one that fits your needs.
To me, this was a great example as to why i like to bank with wells fargo.
Have 3 open accounts and 2 credit cards with chase.
Went into this branch today to open a 4th account.
Cordial and friendly, definitely keen on service.
They also have drive thru service which is convenient.
Had the same proff as always for my account but was refused my money.
I would recommend that us bank take a good look at the management at this branch.
I've been a us bank member for many years.
Terrible with your money.
Banks need to be shut down.
I wasn't very impressed with this bank.
They will charge you fees if you don't have enough money in your checking account doesn't meet certain min.
So the business bank accounts are not technically free.
The upside is that this bank is very good at financing its customers with line of credits.
The reason is because they have all the money!
With advanced technology there's no reason for adding excessive service fees.
I've banked with chase for over 18 years until now.
The customer service is excellent.
These guys could give customer service lessons to the downtown branch.
They stated without an account they will only cash checks up to $2500, his check was $3500.
The check is drawn from their bank!!
So here's a bank that won't cash their own checks!
This is what a bank is used for!
Horrible service, almost lost a deal because loan officer ignored contingency deadlines, and contractual obligations.
Avoid this company for online loans as they refuse to step up to the plate.
Really nice people and clean, slick looking bank.
Customer service at this location is outstanding!
Great bank  staff is all ways there to help.
I have had an account here for more than 20 years.
I have both a personal and business account here.
Zero star, worst customer service ever, every single time long lines and 1 or 2 tellers max.
My bank was bought out by alerus.
I hate going inside of the bank, when possible i always use the drive thur.
I worked with jacob d. i gotta say he really changed my mind about my anxiety with bankers.
He was really helpful and really took the time to explain to me on what's going with my bank account.
As mos t banks, avoid during payday fridays during lunch and around rush hour or you will be stuck !
I have been a client for two years and appreciate the great personal service they offer all their clients.
My favorite bank in over 35 years of banking in arizona.
Clean and spacious arrangement, however, customer service is very poor here.
But after this experience i would never shop at jos a bank's again.
I'm used to "nordstrom" (and independent clothier) customer service.
I was surprised that this bank had not been reviewed yet.
This bank of america location is just okay.
Yanira assisted me for a loan had great attitude, funny and easy going.
I just moved here and needed a new bank account.
I got a new account right away!
My experience was definitely a 5 star service.
This bank does not take calls nor does it take messages.
The bank did not properly record my record which resulting in my business bank account being shut down.
Went to a teller about transferring rsp's and told her what another bank required.
I refinanced my high interest car loan here and was pleasantly surprised at how low the interest rate was.
You can't beat the no fee checking.
Never thought to review a bank until receiving such stellar service!
Used to bank with az federal cu, but no longer.
I now do all my banking with oneaz!
Great service and i love the smell, the energy and the layout!
Customer service is very good and very attentive!
I have several accounts with wells fargo.
She is by far the worst banker and provider of customer service.
She makes me not even want to bank with this company.
Good customer service goes a long way.
I opened up a business account with them and i feel they gave me bad information.
For business banking, i would say pass.
3 they never told me there were other options, as in raising my limit or changing my account type.
Isn't that what a bank if for?
I went in because i was having a problem with a  vendor charging my checking account and over drafting it.
A girl sat down with me and went over my account.
I explained to her about the bank errors fees being waived.
Again i explained to her that those were waived  because of a bank error.
The bank is clean.
I even come in with my service dog when i go to the branch.
Was able to open an account quickly and with amazing customer service.
Definitely taking my money elsewhere & closing this account asap   this is some team bs
Pcg can even help with equipment loans and fuel.
They have good service.
Fast service and the building was cleaned and organized.
Referred to me by a co-worker, i joined dvcu back in 2014 with just a simple checking and savings account.
Other banks could take some lessons from this team!
This place has the best service of all rapid cash locations.
No one wants to come in for a loan, but when you need it to, its as painless as possible.
Always does a great job for me and i appreciate her service.
All banks conduct legalized fraud, but pnc does it under the radar.
My previous international travel bank fidelity has since sold out, but before they only charged a 1% fee.
Between this bank and bank of arizona, i'm getting the run around for 12 days over a $300 check.
Neither side will do anything except blame the other bank and leave me with nothing but frustration.
Dumbest rules out of any bank i have ever dealt with.
They stopped supporting military so i closed my account.
Now i want to put money in my daughters account, i did not have the account number.
My credit union always looks my account up by social security number.
I am sad to say that this branch has failed with their customer service since ken left the store.
It is sad to say that i am really close to closing  my account  and go to another bank.
Well acctually i am canceling one account today sue to there lack of communication and commitment.
My husband was right the first time when he said we should open our combine account at bank of america.
I tought this bank would be better then the usuals do to it catering to the military.
They have the most rude customer service and dont know what they are doing.
Best customer service ever!
Larry keever has been in the industry for a long time and knows how to provide great service to customers.
Ok, ok, here's a joke... how many bank of america employees does it take to answer a phone...
Banked with boa for years.
I'm with lady l in terms of the poor customer service part.
Just ripping off customers and there money whenever they get a chance !
My experience with this bank started off quite well.
I started with free checking with no minimum balance/direct deposit.
This time i spoke with the bank manager and she noticed that they did not in fact fix the issue.
Do not bank here.
Update: the incompetence at this bank is staggering.
I call the negligent "manager" marlene on friday, 5/25, day 32 of them having my money.
This sorry excuse for a bank will have use of my money for 120 days.
However they kept my money.
I deposited over $100000 in business checking last week alone with the bank i ended up choosing.
The bank did not have my permission to do that.
Ok, i know banks are banks.
And to be honest, i've had pretty good luck with us bank.
Us bank's policy is to hold all but $100 of your deposit (unless it's cash) for 3 days.
I worked at a bank, and i understand the point of holding a deposit.
Are you going to refuse to take this deposit of cash money?"
They would not take my cash, to put into my account.
If you need a loan ask if you qualify...
I for one am pulling for crypto currency to shut down all big banks.
The big banks can't manage money appropriately and often have to be bailed out by the federal government anyway!
The service was more of a waste of time.
Worst bank ever immnot sure why i decided to bank with them in the first place.
I will not be banking with bank of america anymore.
Awesome staff and service!
Plus, midfirst is an amazing bank in general.
When i first moved to arizona six and a half years ago i got an account with us bank.
Just the worst service.
Stood in line 10 mins just to deposit 200 bucks into their customers account.
This is why i bank on line and also a good reminder of why i don't bank here
'scot more money than me.
The best way to change money these days is just to withdraw it when you get there.
The mortgage loan officer appeared nice in person but never got back to me about my application.
Waste of our money really).
Worst bank branch in phoenix!
The tellers are rude and the assistant manager has no customer service skills.
Absolutely poor service due to low staffing
Very poor customer service.
Wow, after reading the reviews here on yelp i decided to open a bank account at pinnacle.
I've never been treated so good by any other bank.
Personalized attention and a free checking account.
Do not trust this company with your money, and do not trust the "policies" the different locations will give you.
Can't speak on the customer service because came here on a saturday.
4 stars for saving me $6.99 and being the closest.
I will never bank through desjardin willingly and will be canceling the credit card i currently have through them promptly.
I always have a good experience at this bank, and it's been our bank for years.
Don't know her name but she didn't care to service me and it really showed.
Loans are generally $100 to $2,500.
This chase bank has been at this location for over 20 years.
The tellers are friendly and quick and the personal bankers are nice as well.
I am happy with the support i get from bank of america.
I highly recommend everyone to signup with bank of america at this location.
The services got pricier and not as good.
Go to dollar loan center if you can.
Never have i seen other loan places do this.
I'm getting a payday loan not a mortgage!
Great customer service from bofa banker gladis!
Wanda is an account whiz and is extremely personable.
I used to be with bofa, customer service was 2 stars at best...  horrible account representation which made us leave.
This office provides a service that is truly a cut above the rest!
I love the customer service here.
Her customer service is horrible.
Another scotiabank with useless hours.
My comment is directed at bank of america in general.
I had been banking with them for 15 years, with substantial lines of credit.
We all know the banks in general dont give a hoot about their clients.
But i will always remember the treatment they gave - cutting credit lines, closing accounts and suspending credit.
So screw you bank of america!
If you want top of the line banking customer service this this rocks!
I am glad i have no personal account there.
I'll try to change the banks ..
I don't know much about $100,000 fishermen's loans in nova scotia.
I have maintained an account with wachovia (now wells fargo) for many years.
Especially since i have accounts at a few other financial institutions and i haven't had any problems with those businesses.
It took the bank a week to investigate and return the funds to my account.
Note: this branch is now a wells fargo bank, like the all the former wachovia banks here in charlotte.
Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes, equipment, swimming, basketball courts, track, lockers and towel service!
Plus compared to other banks, poor hours.
If it wasn't such a hassle i'd switch banks....
I absolutely love this bank!
They definitely gave me a different outlook on banking!
So far, we have taken out four car loans and a boat loan.
The online loan process is simple, and our approval came back instantly after hitting the submit button.
Also reopened my savings, great manager who gave me a temporary debit card when i lost my wallet.
Not enough places to sit and bankers walking around with smiles on their faces like nothing is wrong.
This banking institution is an absolute joke.
Would definitely recommend setting up an account through them.
M molloy provided a great service and was tremendously helpful throughout all three of my financings he helped me with.
With all the hostility held towards banks now-a-days, this branch has been nothing but accommodating and friendly.
If you want good costumer service... this is not the location for you.
Worst costumer service i ever had.. manager walks arround doing nothing and have 20 people waiting in line be ready
I am a young professional early in my career, so we all know that means i have no money.
I used my checking account to pay my credit card, which we had to cancel and order a new one.
If you would like to continue to have access to that little bit of money you have, bank elsewhere
I went to this bank at noon on a friday.
I thought the service was prompt and helpful.
I liked the service.
Tdcanadatrust closes a bank account i've had with them since i was 12 years old (26 years!)
Due to "60 days inactivity" (it isn't my primary account) and without any warning or notification!
They absolutely refused to re-open the account, even after i pleaded with this branches manager.
Complete customer service fail.
Why would i want my clients subjected to this lack of customer service?!
Went in to open an account and get a cashiers check.
I have even considered switching because of the great consistency in customer service.
I'll stick with bank of america!
No reason to bank anywhere else!
Update: turns out they dont allow transfering of money to family members that have discover bank.
Will change to another bank as soon as they paid out the $300 new customer bonus.
Please go to another branch or to another bank for your business.
Avoid this bank, especially this branch.
Plain & simple, (very)slow, rude, service and a staff that does not care.
It is obvious they are rated or paid a bonus by the number of accounts they open!
Very poor customer service skills by all i have delt with.
Overall rating ~ terrible banking experience!
I had my account closed out in 2016.
How when the account was supposed to been closed?!
And to think i was going to reopen my supposed to had been closed account.
I am very happy with the service i get...
I don't feel like "just another customer" like at the big banks...
Wells fargo may be the most crooked bank i've ever dealt with.
Do not get an account here!
The people there are always on it with service.
This bank is fantastic!
Overall, i would definitely recommend banking here!
Absolutely love this bank (how it is possible to love a bank, i honestly don't know).
He is a humble and knowledgeable banker.
Arizona needs to keep their money local and not to the cut and dry big banks.
When i walked in to finish opening my account the receptionist told me it would only be about 15 minutes.
35 minutes later, someone is finally available to help me finish opening an account.
I am very disappointed in the service at this branch.
I call up uwcu and they said that checks hadn't been ordered for my account at all.
Other things i do not like about uwcu: they charge a fee to transfer money to external accounts.
I have accounts at two other credit unions that do not do that.
We were looking to re-finance our truck loan and canyon state delivered.
Rate is awesome, service was excellent and we couldn't be happier.
I have had nothing but excellent experiences with them from account opening, to notary service to shared branching, etc.
I would highly recommend them over any traditional bank.
They wouldn't do it because we didn't have an account with them.
Bank of ussr, not america.
You're a joke, bank of america.
I go into the bank with a check that is written on a wells fargo account.
Maybe it's time to change banks.
Avoid this bank if at all possible.
The first time they put my deposit into someone else's account and it took over two weeks to get corrected.
The next time, i visited to talk to a banker and waited over 30 minutes before walking out.
+shitibank just plain sucks anyway.
The customer service is appalling.
I e-mailed their customer service department and they told me to go to a store and ask for a manager.
I'll be cancelling my account with them the first chance i get.
In the last year they have provided the worst banking experience.
They're atms frequently are out of services.
They randomly freeze my son's account for debits that don't exist.
They had process issues over the holidays that block us from using our own money while on vacation!
The people they hire know nothing about banking and are not empowered to think or problem solve.
I have 8 accounts with them including a business account.
I will be closings all of my accounts and loans asap.
I wanted to sign up for their promotional checking account.
Kinda second thinking wanting tro put money in this bank
I continue to have outstanding service at this bank.
However, we have had wonderful service from eric as well as the branch manager.
I briefly explained i needed to deposit a check into my account, before doing so..
I specifically asked chris if it would go into my account right away?
First of all, you work in customer service you never tell the customer they are wrong.
In fact, i called the bank once i got into the car, and they were gladly to help me.
This is not my bank just cashing a check from a client whom happens to bank here...
Anyhow customer service is quality no finger prints needed to cash a check either.
I just opened a business account at this bank today.
I am looking forward to working with pinnacle bank for many years.
I am feeling confident in my purchases and will be a loyal jos a bank customer for a long time.
In my 20+ years in a professional career, this has been the single worst customer service experience of my life.
Total lack of communication, follow-up, and service delivery.
If you are military and looking for banking resources, i highly recommend usaa over this place.
Even though my account is with a different out-of-state credit union, the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful to me.
Daniela was great at customer service, as was the manager assisting her.
I expect i will open an account with them soon!
I opened an account and applied for a credit card.
Wells fargo bank is lucky to have him.
Went to pay my home equity loan today.
My employer has a merchant account at this location.
You have trainees making mistakes on customers account.
I have worked with merchant accounts through wells fargo, b of a, etc etc.
I am extremely dissatisfied with the lack of communication, organization and service i receive with this company.
I will be discussing moving our merchant accounts to another institution.
If you need a business account, this is the place to go!
Knows what to do to handle your account and make banking a breeze.
Totally worth the pain of switching banks!
I've had a bank account here for almost a year and my experience has been an ok one.
This is actually the first bank i've banked with and i think its been a good learning experience.
Honestly i don't think i'll be banking here for very long but until then this is a good starter bank.
I have been banking with wells for a few years now.
They bought my loan from b of a and the transition was terrible.
Customer service is atrocious.
I have been a customer with sce for many years and the service is always exceptional.
Sce beltway/sahara - a great place for banking.
The people in the regional business branches are absolutely wonderful they everything they do is customer service a plus.
I will always come to her as she is amazing and a huge asset to josh a banks.
What i like most about this branch is that (*knock on wood*) i've always gotten fast and friendly service here.
How in the hell do you only have one banker working.
Update... still waiting... another banker is here fat older lady just walking around talking being everything but helpful.
The employees are really friendly and the service is very good here.
This bank is everything i need.
I wouldn't trade banking with nfcu for any other!
I have never had a problem with them and their customer service is above other places i have banked with.
I have been banking remotely with chase for 8 years since i moved to hawaii.
I recently got married and needed to change my name on my accounts.
Anyway they have zero customer service skills, i left because i lost my cool and didn't want to get arrested.
They even waived some fees to get money sent out.
I banked with them a few years without incident.
One day i recieve a letter saying my account was over drafted.
I knew i had signed up for notification when my account balance was below $300.
Chase put this back in my account immediately.
Weeks go by and my money is refunded back to my account.
Do yourself a favor and don't bank with chase.
You know what a banker is?
My experience at this chase bank started out in the parking lot.
Everyone at this bank has always gone out of there way to help us make good financial decisions.
We highly recommend this bank!!
Shocking drop in quality of service.
I won't be with this bank much longer.
I never go into the bank if i can avoid it.
You would think they could provide better service!!!
Maybe it's time to change banks!
Long lines, rude service.
I researched banks and credit unions and saw that sunwest credit union was highly rated and had free checking.
So today i went in and opened the account.
If you had asked me to review this bank 10 to 3 years ago i would have given 5 stars.
Is this bank in financial difficulty or is it customary to keep only a few $100 bills in the safe?
Fortunately for us, the customers, there are many other banks on the market
Twice in the past two weeks now they have stolen money from our account in for form of overdraft fees.
Even after they "graciously refunded" those fees it immediately brought the account positive.
***if you have an account with them, check your ledgers
Customer service is abysmal.
Hate having to go to the bank, but at least this place makes it just a bit better.
Went to the bank to deal with some change of address, etc.
This is great bank.
Remember when banking was personal well midfirst is what banking used to be.
Their friendly knowledgeable staff have worked with us on our personal banking and business banking.
They also have a great kids program for savings.
The service at this location is always excellent.
We used their safety deposit box service which worked very well for us, and was always very easy to access.
Tried to open up two savings accounts for my nieces..they could not help on two occasions .
Trying to give them my money.. can't do it..
Nobody care  the save money on workers and coustmer will wait !
Personal bankers are awesome about account issues and super friendly.
They have opened a new world of banking for me with online banking .
Who's looking for a bank to do notarization on our sons cremation plot at the cemetery.
None of the banks do notary anymore have to go to ups or fedex store.
I'm sure it's part of them maintaining profitability but unfortunately customer service times are long.
Very bad customer service!
Better than taking out a loan a payday loan or going to dollar loan center.
Very mixed feelings about this bank.
I came in because i received a mailed promo card about getting a cash bonus for opening an account.
I'm not holding my breath, but i will be waiting to find it before opening a savings account here.
Lackluster customer service aside, the location itself is clean and apparently well-placed, as it was very, very, very busy.
The bank manager chris romero does not know about the products and was extremely rude after confronted about it.
In general, i advise not banking with chase bank.
I had to go in and have it reversed since i was not aware that my account had been overdrawn.
Totally not what i wanted and going into my bank.
And i'm officially going to withdraw my account from chase and find a new place to bank...
Therefore, for this reason i shall cancel my banking with this unprofessional bank.
Poor service and basically plan to spend 20-30 min here just to do simple action with the teller.
Chase bank has always been good to me.
Great service, always fully  staffed!
Our hoa also banks with this same branch.
I really like how concerned they are about our accounts.
This review is for wells fargo bank at 4075 s fort apache rd.
You'd think in the era of supposed "customer service" it wouldn't be worth receiving a scathing review for $7.50.
I've banked at bank of america for 25 years, and any problems that have arisen have been handled right away.
This review is about bank of america policies and not any branch in particular.
I see the credit sitting in my paypal account and it shows the card the credit is going to.
I called the bank yesterday, 6/27 to see when the credit would post to my card.
I was told the credit would not post until the account closed for the month.
This should be illegal because that's my money and the bank just wants the interest on that card!
Their customer service is always on point and i'm always greeted with smiles.
This is the  best run wells fargo bank i have ever been too.
The bankers are friendly and very knowledgable.
The worst bank to just come and deposit money it'll take 20 min with stupid 2 tellers  smh.
This will be the 3rd time i've added a bank into yelp!
The bank of open 9-5 m-f and 9-1 on saturday.
On a monday there is 2 bankers to help and one teller open.
So, instead of suggesting that i open a bofa account or finding another way to hep me.
I'm mad at myself for ever dealing with banks when i could have been using a credit union.
Would not use this bank.
Unknowledgeable banker didn't know her own products.
I went into this branch to open a business checking account.
I don't think big banks like wells fargo give a crap about small business owners or individual customers.
They say that banking can be comfortable (have you gone through the mortgage process?!?)
And that they're voted #1 customer service for years.
This bank in particular is well staffed at the teller counter.
The financial service reps are all helpful and they're willing to answer questions.
I've never had an issue with this particular bank and everyone is always pleasant.
So maybe banking can be this comfortable?
There is no way to even contact their customer service unless you have an active account number...  wow!
Great service all the way around!
I've been banking at the bell and tatum branch and i've always received excellent service.
Everyone there is very professional and courteous and i've never had any account opened without my permission.
This location is my favorite place to bank because it's not crowded and busy like other places.
On the inside...well, it's a bank, you can imagine.
Overall, this is a nice, quiet location to get your banking done.
We all have a favorite place to bank and so do i.  i love banking with desert schools.
I love the fact that their notary services are free.
The staff there is always helpful and i don't feel pressured to buy into any of their services.
If you are new to the area and need a bank i recommend desert schools over all the others.
Going to this bank has become very unpleasant.
Opened an account a couple of weeks ago.
Very good customer service.
We opened a few accounts and applied for a loan.
A few days later, the account manager called to tell us the loan was approved.
They've also recently added e-banking and online bill pay.
I'm interested in banks lowering my fees, expanding hours, making e-banking easier, and giving me a decent rate.
That is what sunwest is obviously spending their money on.
I really appreciate that--they aren't wasting money on things that don't matter.
After having been through a few national banks i have finally found a great branch with amazing tellers.
Sec is a great bank that offers amazing service with great banking options.
(he told me that the bank errand was long, but not boring.)
Very friendly and customer service oriented.
They even wanted to know if i had a loan on a vacation rental from 25 years earlier!!
Not sure how they ever closed a loan without sending their abused client to the crazy farm!
Very professional and great customer service!
What a breath of fresh air after having a nightmare experience with bank of america.
I greatly appreciate your wonderful customer service and professionalism!
If i could give this bank a zero star..
Does my bank believe me..
I will say that most of the money has gone back into my acct.
I simply detest this bank.. and as a person who was frauded.. all of this was uncalled for..
I dont recommend this bank to anyone..
Great customer service here.
They are so helpful and always see to your needs the moment you enter the bank.
Honestly not great service,  i open account here and some teller are ok, but manager lady last name o'brien rude.
They not making us any favor, we are putting money here, in tired overall to be in this branch
The customer service i received at this branch was the proverbial straw.
Terrible service from the lobby woman rosa.
I personally have never had any extreme problems with wells fargo until today, especially in customer service.
I inform him about jessica's rudeness and service.
Their online banking interface is great with quicken.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
I walked into this bank at 4:20pm on a thursday afternoon.
Quite frankly, the worst bank experience ever.
I will never return to this bank or any branch ever!!!
This is the slowest bank of america around.
I cannot believe i am yelping about a bank, but here is why.
About 6 years ago i was with another squirrel hill bank.
I swore up and down that these guys new what customer service is...the i moved to pnc.
I was wrong about my bank.
-a bank sans tellers?
-forgot your account number?
I get calls from them about once every 2 months (not annoying, but don't feel ignored) to diversify my money.
Good ol' customer service.
A+++++ i will never use another branch or bank!
The customer service was top notch!!!!
Kind of ridiculous for a bank!
The staff were rude and unhelpful in this scenario, and the bank manager never came out to speak to me.
This is a huge disgrace that one bank can have such a high rate of a violent crime.
Just needed to deposit some money, in and out of the branch in less than 5 minutes.
Customer service is always above average.
Never go inside and do almost all my banking needs through the atm.
It's free for anyone with td account, otherwise they charge something close to 10%, which is pretty fricking steep.
I knew before hand that it was going to cost quite a bit of money.
The clerk charged my account for 1,200 dollars which was the mistake.
She immediately electronically refunded the money to my account.
I immediately logged into my account ; i found the charge and did not see the credit.
I've banked at this credit union for over a year now.
Recommended it to several friends whom also bank there now.
Tellers are pleasant; service is fairly quick.
You can get a debit card the same day you open an account, and funds deposited are usually available immediately.
Bmo is the worst bank i have ever dealth with, dosen't matter which location.
The worse bank of america location.
I've had to deal with the mortgage group and this included a remodel loan rolled into the mortgage.
I make an appointment and the banker is not available when i arrive.
It brought my business from bank of america to chase
Very helpful tellers and bank officers.
I like the no fee checking they offer which no other bank in phoenix offered me.
Usually about 6-8 bankers, with nothing to do, while the line is always atrocious!
Seriously thinking of switching banks.
I'm glad i never moved my important accounts to goldwater   highly disappointed.
Apparently they no longer offer a notary service.
In addition there was a 20 minute wait to see a banker to make changes to my account.
This place has amazing service.
Ironic that this is a credit union, known for holding thousands of dollars of individuals money.
Absolutely terrible customer service and makes you question entrusting your hard earned money with them.
The service is good but this location doesn't have lockers.
A few more weeks passed and i saw $255 was taken out of my account via ach by tri boro.
They said no i had to drive out there to get the money.
Eventually my bank got me my money back.
My wife has an account here.
She is always happy with the service she gets here.
Only hang us as with most banked now they have closed the drive up teller.
The part i get most benefit from is we can get money for europe and other countries we travel to.
The bank i use most does not do this so that is a big plus for me.
God forbid you actually need a service such as a notary..
Account setup was easy.
Got a call from member services providing me my account information as well as how to navigate their online system.
They offered me additional credit services that i also qualified for.
She took my account info and i was contacted by a member later that day who helped assist me.
I had an early morning flight and need to get the cash in my account.
I was leaving the bank when a roach that was about five inches long crawled across the tile.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
I was looking for a new business bank for my small business.
My wife found comerica bank by reading the rave reviews online.
I went into the central and osborn location and was blown away by their amazing customer service.
They spent almost 2 hours with me helping me get the proper paperwork to open an account.
Based upon my experience i am also moving over my household personal accounts to this bank as well.
I highly comerica bank and especially the brank at central and osborn.
I visited on monday 10/31 and was assisted by a banker named deorella.
It is friday 11/4 and the amount has been credited back to my account without any fee.
They had money in the 24hr atms.
My husband and i had a bad experience at chase ended up closing our accounts and coming to wells fargo.
She said she was going to get my id and we would be helped by another banker.
Mind you an account was created under false information provided to us.
Ivonn and lashala made the best out of the situation while mark and the manager completely failed in customer service.
Especially with all the news going on about wellsfargo creating fake accounts.
2 drive thru's (atm)  i've only been inside once but the service was prompt.
I have been a chase bank customer for years, this particular location is close to my house.
This branch is spacious, well lit, clean and the customer service is great.
They offer drive-thru service and have more than one location.
I have been a member of 1st bank since last november.
Absolutely recommend banking at 1st bank!
Took 1 hour and 32 minutes to see a banker to change my name on my account.
There a plenty of desks available but sadly like so many businesses the desk are empty and customers service suffers.
I would recommend finding another financial institution that can provide better banking options with better customer care tactics.
The quality of their service really put the phrase "don't walk, run!"
If it wasn't for the long lines, this place would be 5-star bank for sure.
Very poor customer service and this isn't the first time.
Yes, it is a bank but it is my neighborhood bank that has fast friendly services.
Besides teller service they offer all banking services to meet your needs.
Never had any problems only to receive outstanding customer service.
One of the other bank employees helped us to the car while holding an umbrella over us.
That is amazing customer service!!
Bottom line...don't be afraid here, the interest rates are more frightening than the bank itself.
Worst bank of america i have ever been to.
And just in general maintaining a certain level of customer service.
Too bad i'm stuck coming to this bank so long as i work for the store i work for.
They wanted a 5% service fee.
I called member services about a question on my monthly statement.
Makes sense that the members should have been notified so they could keep an eye on their accounts.
Or at least make people aware of it so they can monitor their accounts more closely?
Too bad i didn't read the yelp reviews prior to placing an order with jos a bank.
I sent two emails one week apart to their 'customer service department' with no reply!
I then called their 'customer service department' and was placed on hold for 19 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously.......................the key word here is customer service!
I also will never shop at jos a banks again.
Take your money out!!!
Credit unions offer better services to the community for no/lower fees .
This is how major banks work.
They make money off investing your money while charging you high fees every step of the way.
Great service , very helpful and respectful service,highly recommend!!
I got into the bank and got an immediate service ,the guy was very helpful and fast!!
So, i visited the bank and spoke with the nice gentleman in the video.
Way to go db on your stellar customer service practices.
Overall, this is a pretty basic bank.
This bank might as well be closed!
This is by far the slowest bank eithvthe longest wsit time i have ever encountered.
Time to finally switch banks.
Pnc bank is pretty ubiquitous across pittsburgh (guess what the p in pnc stands for).
I think from now on i'll just go to walmart where they also cash "money network" checks for free.
Yeah reason i am taking and closing my account with this bank .
Customer service very poor.
Save your time and drive to the one on sahara, they are superior in customer service and satisfaction.
I have no problem with the services navy federal provides.
Their on-line banking access is outstanding and very easy to use and navigate.
The bank is crooked.
I found they had switched my account several years ago.
Would love to this bank on a heartbeat but too far to go now, not.
No one understands the concept of 'customer service'.
It's nice when a neighborhood bank treats you like a neighbor.
I have always had good customer service here.
Tldr; this bank is fine while you are living in the city that you opened your account in.
This is the most disappointing bank i have ever used, i must say.
I've banked with wf for over 5 years, mostly at the downtown branch.
I'm opening a credit union account today, anything has to be better than these robbers.
There must be a new manager at this bank and she has no customer service skills.
They have really good rates with their loans and friendly staff.
Services are accessible remotely online and they give reimbursement on any of the atm fees.
I do not think there is one bank in the entire wells fargo chain that's decent for customer service.
Forget doing a business account.
Use any other bank other than wells fargo.
And you know those personal bankers (an appt.
Time means nothing to these clowns,) are on facebook, surfing the 'net or checking their email.
So much pressure... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  hard to believe i could like any bank.
But this one branch of a wells fargo bank definitely is an oasis in this desert town.
Even during christmas and right before any holiday they provide good service.
It's a small bank that really gets to know its long term regular customers like my relatives.
Overall it's a relatively pain free banking experience mainly cuz they're quick.
It's down the street and i always get awesome service.
Just awful service all around.
I bank with the main giants.
Wells fargo is one of those giant banks.
I am going to review the service of the location.
So if you want a review on the evils of big bank america, you won't find it here.
I remember hearing that wells fargo did this for free if you have a certain account.
Overall if i needed to do some banking at wells fargo i will most likely be at this branch.
I just left this branch after opening up a business checking account with manny ramirez.
He was easy to talk to, did not push any unwanted products, and had great all-around customer service.
Thanks again manny, look forward to doing more banking with you guys in the future!
She made me feel very comfortable and confident in the loan.
Do not do any business with this branch or any other us bank branch.
Home loan department are snakes and they will pressure you into signing even though it's not what's best for you.
No escrow account setup even when it was specifically requested prior to signing.
Thanks for nothing us bank
I've been with sunwwest for 4 years now and have been consistently happy with the service they provide.
I always recieve friendly customer srevice, timely respnses, and will continue to bank with them.
The staff is incredibly helpful and they know customer service.
I use this wells fargo for business banking and i have always had great customer service here.
Sometimes the lines can get long but that is the case with any bank.
I've had a navy federal account since i was 2 years old.
Almost forgot, it is a credit union and their rates on loans and mortgages are phenomenal.
Best in town, never known a bank that will go out of their way to help you.
Wish my wife would switch banks!
We had to close our accounts and reopen them in arizona.
It's my wife's account so i really don't use it anyways.
If you want better service go to chase or another bofa location.
My boyfriend has had a tremendous time trying to get his own money back into his bank account!
They won't lose your money
We are super grateful for the advice, service, and time.
So then my husband asked about the loan they advertised and the woman says "well, you weren't approved", huh???
Not approved for the lower interest loan, but approved for a "counter offer"???
Even though last night at 8:30 pm my account had well over $1400 that apparently wasn't good enough!!
Very satisfied with their service.
They were both fabulous, answered all my questions and solved all my banking problems.
A+ for customer service.
We transacted a loan from one wells fargo account to another.
Only one person seems to be able to open accounts, , he is standing at the door taking names.
Is this something new at banks not accepting cash.
Yelp needs an option for negative stars just because of this bank!!!!
The worst bank ever.
I will never open an account here .
I was standing in line trying to deposit money for my brother and the manager was berating another customer .
Never will i ever endorse them as a even a decent bank branch .
I get better customer service at mcdonald's.
This bank is amazing!
The customer service is bar none exceptional.
Great service is beautiful.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
I bought a car and they underwrote the loan.
It sounds crazy, but they make it quite difficult to actually give them money.
They will not set up autopay unless it is out of one of their own checking accounts.
I don't want/need another checking account, i'm happy with the credit union i've been with for the last 15 years.
There is no option to pay online unless... again... it is out of a checking/savings held at firstcu.
I tried to set up payment through my own bank's payment service.
I am told that this credit union does not accept electronic bill payments bank to bank!
My bank has to cut a physical check and send it using the postal service.
I'm not even trying to save money.
9:15am one teller for merchant services and everyday customers.
One customer service person to answer customer questions.
I had a large cheque to toss into my account.
The cheque from from another bank and i was prepared they'd put the whole amount on hold.
The manager came in, reviewed my case, and asked me how much money i needed right away.
This is really unacceptable (most banks are 7 to 10 days).
Pretty rude customer service too for the few times i have gone into this branch.
There always seems to be a promotion for opening a checking account.)
On this trip, i tried to wire some money from the account.
Multiple times i've stood in line inside this bank for 30 plus minutes because they have one teller open.
Does bank of america have no regard for our time?
I'd normally be somewhat indifferent to a bank branch, but i had a really great experience with this one.
I'll just have to go the extra mile and bank at wells fargo or b of a.
I must say that td canada trust is canada's best big bank.
I personally give td 3-stars meaning they are ok, but not exceptional as compared to non-bank private enterprises.
Service is pretty horrible.
I got there at 2:30pm and the bank was completely empty.
When i asked to have the pages notarized the banker asked how many and i let her know.
She told me she was the only banker there and each page had to journaled so she couldn't help me.
Good reason to find a new bank with employees who understand they have to do all parts of their job.
I replied they had increased the non-ira savings and cd rates so the argument had no merit.
While they have great customer service, their non-competitive savings rates are a turn off.
The service is always absolutely top notch, specifically joe, who i seem to always have as my teller mid-day.
Love the friendly bankers and now both of my daughter's and husband have opened accounts with them.
How can you not give this bank a 5-star?
It opens on sunday, most banks don't.
It extend their business hours mondays thru fridays, most banks don't.
Really enjoy banking with this bank, check them out.
I opened my first bank account and credit card here at 16 years old.
I waited 50 minutes to get a direct deposit slip from a banker.
I definitely won't be coming back to this location for my banking needs.
Terrible...one teller working every time i do banking here!
I have been banking with chase for a long time but their service is getting worse and worse.
I really the service could improve so customers don't have to take their money to bank elsewhere.
I wouldn't do anything more then basic banking there...
I opened a new account and it took 3 weeks to activate!
They have great customer service and remember who i am every single time.
Everyone in line was visibly frustrated and the personal bankers were just hiding and doing nothing.
Great customer service at this location.
I've been banking here since 2011.
I always get great service here!
The worse bank ever!
They are a bunch of crooks like bank of america and chase.
I no longer bank with them and have decided to switch to credit union.
Though i may not like the bank their service was faster than many of their other branches.
Old fashioned customer attention & service.
I've had to do multiple money orders/card replacements/account opening/account merging operations here and never had any problems.
Drive through banking/atm's as well as a 24/7 outdoor atm available.
Sending kudos to roberto borges the customer service manager (i don't know where he's located) !!!
Probably the worst customer service i have ever experienced at any bank, anywhere.
This is the most mismanaged bank of america of all.
I personally have had bad service there as well.
They need to properly train the staff on customer service badly.
Good bank, fast with loan processing.
They gave us an auto loan and got stuff confused and mixed up.
Long story short, go more corporate if your looking for more professional services.
Since joining the cu 10 years ago the customer service keeps getting worse.
The branch staff isn't very service oriented and i have been super disappointed with them.
I am so glad to have accounts with a commercial bank.
Went to midfirst bank today for the first time & met andrea hathaway who is the asst.
This bank has 5 star employees!
Awful customer service, wouldn't give them no stars.
Banker: gonzalez your awful smh
Last time i will bank at this branch.
Quick, easy & great customer service.
I have been a member of this bank for a very long time.
If you are looking for a bank to join, this one is definitely one that you should consider.
This bank has its ups and downs for me.
Your requirments are lame and i already have an account with wells fargo.
Please being your $$$ to chase or us bank!
Remember.. don't deposit more than 250,000 at any one bank due to fdic insurance limit.
I've used this wells fargo for years and have always had prestigious service.
I've only ever had two problems with my accounts and they quickly fixed them.
If i wanted to travel for banking purposes, i would go with another bank that is a distance away.
Also, tried several times to set up mobile banking, and it has never worked.
They expect my husband and i to both make it in the bank at the same time.
This bank is very convenient and close to my house.
Definitely makes going to the bank a lot of easier.
This is not the first time we've had horrible service at this branch, but this is perhaps the most annoying.
Clean interior, not as nice as some of the other branches interior design but it's still a great bank :)
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
You're better driving a little extra and get to a actual decent bank.
The bank fees are also worth paying.
I love this bank!
They are like family at this point and i have cancelled my chase bank account.
I do ally banking at this location and they know me by name.
You can't get that kind of service at the larger banks.
Apparently, she went into a meeting knowing 4 people were sitting in the lobby waiting for her services.
Closed my account with wells fargo today, and opened one here at chase.
Jesus, helped us open a new account, and we couldn't be more please with his service.
We will be back to open a joint account soon with you :)
The locker rooms are nice, clean and towel service is awesome.
Who writes a review about a bank branch?
This bank is only setup to have a max of 3 tellers.
I typically love chase bank.
Horrible customer service especially from robert.
Thing about banks, (my 2 cents)they need to have good listening skills.
Do not bank here and don't let anyone you know!
Okay, i am giving this location five stars but the actual bank three stars after my recent experience.
So again, your mobile banking app says the deposit is made and you now have a positive balance, yay!
Banks are making billions of dollars off consumers with nsf fees.
Dana (bank manager) and the staff here are very helpful and know their stuff!
So when i get to the counter, the girl says well what's your account number?
I don't ever carry my card and i haven't memorized my account number, but it doesn't matter.
Told no because i did not have an account.
Bank manager is a fucking tool.
Don't give this bank your money...these guys are fucking incompetent goofs.
The service at one time was the best around, now it is dreadful.
Our loan was purchased by carrington from bank of america over a year ago.
The customer service and servicing of our loan has been terrible.
We purchased a vehicle and have our loan with credit union.
They ran it as a cash advanced which of course my bank charges $30 dollars for it!
I went in to this branch to settle an account.
Bank to rent tuxes for our wedding.
I visited this place to what i planned to be a quick and efficient bank transaction.
I also have an account with chase and i like them way better.
Actually, closing at 5pm monday-thursday is worse than most banks.
There is towel service which is always great (i hate laundry).
My rate is at 4.875% and the loan started in july, 2016 when the rates were at like 3.5%.
I almost ran out of money before closing because they couldn't provide accurate estimates.
Depositing checks into wrong accounts, into personal rather than business or savings instead of checking.
This bank is terrible and all the bankers are very rude.
This location makes me want to switch banks.
The service is getting slower, especially during lunch time drive-thru wait time.
Need to fix time or you'll drive people away to another banks.
Waited in line for like 20 minutes just to deposit money at the teller.
When i have had some issues with my account they have always been happy to take care of it.
This bank is still stuck in the 90's.
I have a car loan with them that i got through the dealership.
They don't offer any online payment for any of their loans.
You have to open a checking account to be able to do online bill pay which is insane to me.
In 2016 almost every loan provider offers online pay, except sunwest fcu.
The banker eventually came and handled the rest of the process.
They just make money off of you and don't hell you at all.
Every time i talk to a branch rep they try to upsell me services i keep declining.
If this doesn't work i'm going to switch banks.
Dear chase bank employees,  what is it about "do not call me" that you do not understand?
Priority clearly isn't customer service
If you need someone to waste your time, bank here.
Outstanding customer service, knowledge, and management.
Don't waste your time with other banks.
Even though large, wells fargo feels like a community bank.
We have banked with them for a decade.
I highly recommend aloha pacific credit union, silver state credit union, and us bank as good alternatives.
My account was open for a month or two and the check was not over a large amount.
The service is horrible and there is always something so inconvenient about this branch.
On feb 19 i check my account and they have charged me an overdue amount.
Thank you scotiabank for ripping me off and proving yet again how backward your canadian systems are.
As soon as i clear these accounts, i will no longer be banking with scotia.
I really only pop in here for the atm, i don't bank with chase because of their fees.
The atm is inside the bank,its very clean and air conditioned.
Jackie chiu one of the bank assistants at bmo smiled and came to help when i mentioned my difficulties.
The bank was actually closed but jackie gave me all the time i needed.
If all the workers at this new bmo branch are like jackie, i would open an account immediately.
That said, the saving grace has been rbc online, as they have been extremely knowledgeable and quick!
Really great banking experience.
This is not just for this one bmo bank but for all of them.
It was paying  .05%, i had an opportunity  to take the money and place it and get a better return.
Upon closing the account a charge of $100.00 for 2 accounts.
I would not do business with this canadian bank.
Yesterday, i managed to answer all the questions correctly, went to fund the account by credit card, and submitted.
He assisted our organization in updating account information and was attentive to any questions we had.
Just left the bank and have nothing but positive feedback for tori wilson.
She has excellent customer service and was very patient.
If you to speak with a banker, please ask for tori!
This chase bank has very friendly and helpful staff members.
10 calls later with no success and i'm sitting in bank demanding service or i will pull my accounts.
I am extremely disappointed with the customer service at this location.
By far the worst bank!
Worst service with poorly mannered staff members.
The girls that work at this bank are very sweet.
Brittany has helped me with my online banking and has shown me how to use it.
All of the girls are really very sweet they are my bank.
I enjoy banking because the service they give me is just really great.
I'd recommend this bank to anyone and everyone!
As a former chase supervisor, i was really disappointed with our service today.
No wonder all banks are going to online accounts and bankers are losing there job.
I walk in to open an account and they say they are very busy.
2 bankers and no customers.
Greeter asked the bankers again and again too busy even though they had no customers.
I can't bank with a company that allows its representatives to treat customers like that.
I've been with chase for 6 years at least and never had service like that.
This is a decent size bank location in a very populated location in town right off the highway.
Why is it that i am always having to wait an eternity to get and service at this location.
There seems to be one person helping out with accounts and another person running the teller position.
He said this is the way bank of america is making all of their branches????
They want all of their branches to have shitty customer service.
I literally went through the problem to set up this account to give this bank a terrible review.
I hadn't found most chase branches to have very poor customer service times...this one the worst.
5-star staff and service!
Opening an account could not have been easier nor could it have been more pleasant.
This bank is wonderful!
Sean signed me and my boyfriend up for a few accounts and he was just great.
He even did a follow up call a few days later to make sure our accounts were going okay.
I have been in this bank 3 times since i got an account and everytime was a fantastic experience.
Very happy with this bank & lucky its only a minute away :)
It's a big name bank, they can't afford additional tellers?
The slowest bank in town.
Customer service is pretty important, why don't you learn it.
This is a big bank with branches all over the city of charlotte.
So you'd think this banking institution would have remarkably fabulous customer service.
The south blvd branch,  like many other branches of bank of america, no longer offer drive thru service.
My only account now is a mortgage account that i haven't had the energy to move yet to another bank.
All my other accounts are with competitors that all offer drive thru banking.
Pack your patience or search for branches that still offer drive thru service.
Their customer service is top notch.
What makes compass any better than any other bank?
They refund other banks atm fees!
Same as all the the other banks.
What happened to customer service?
I have been banking here for 3 years.
What are you saving for?
Never enough tellers at this bank.
I've always had great customer service at this location and staff are always friendly and ready to help.
Seriously, i almost never think of a bank as "my bank"...
Just wonderful customer service.
This bank always has only one teller open!!!
I hope someone see's it and takes action to reverse an ugly decline in service and the store in general.
Please do not use this branch if you bank at wells fargo.
Where, they could've  tell every one or post a sign to notify the customers so, they don't wait...very bad service.
I chose this bank based on the great reviews and i have not been disappointed.
I'm so happy i chose pinnacle bank.
End of inspection period now she's saying unapproved loan price.
Go somewhere else for your loan and save yourself the stress.
This is the worst chase bank in las vegas.
Just want to get a money order.
I will never go back to this bank ever again.
Would rather drive farther for better service.i would've given them zero stars but i had to put in something.
Hoping bofa ceo see this message and act to give a better service!!!!!!!!
If i could give this bank zero stars, i would.
Go with another bank!!
Love banking with chase, especially this location.
The bankers and tellers are super friendly and very knowledgeable.
I was told by the gentleman that the fraud protection dept had put a hold on my account.
How do you lock someone account leaving them without any fund access.
Unless you happen to close your account after the november payout, everything past that point is lost.
Nothing special if you're just using checking/savings.
They are a small bank without the small bank feeling.
This is entirely subjective, but part of the reason i joined was a positive experience with a small bank elsewhere.
The absolute best customer service.
Love banking at this branch!
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
Bank clothiers"  talk about censorship and not trying to keep public opinion and comments from being published.
Seems to me like someone or some company is a wee bit sensitive about their customer service????
I went right from the gas station to the national bank on york st.
Lourdes was one of the best customer service experiences i have ever had in toronto.
One other person in the bank and still made me wait 20 mn.
My advice take the extra drive for better service
Also she said , " do you has your bank card?"
They have been charging my minor child a $12 maintenance fee for her account for months.
I askes isabel if i could speak with a banker.
She explain to me the type of account i has.
Let's recap: i am here for my daughters account.
After a good 10 minute argument she made me an appointment 2 hours out with a banker.
So i went to a teller to draw every penny out of every one of my accounts.
I'm just floored that i trust this bank  with my money when they give isabel access to a computer.
Do yourself a favor...dump your cold, greedy bank and become a member.
This is a review of us banks in general.
As a bank goes, i find them to be very disappointing and frustrating.
I can't tell you how many times i've had to inform them about faulty atms and the numerous account fees.
I finally decided to close my account and cashed out the last 12 dollars i had in the account.
My loan was less than 80k and they missed the deadline.
Not surprisingly jade and his team at the bank assured me that they weren't at fault.
Do not use them for home loans.
I have a seen a lot of negative reviews for this bank and wanted to give it a fair rating.
I don't think a bank should get one star because someone didn't get 5000 in 100 dollar bills.
What makes a bank is how they treat their customers overall.
I have never had an issue with this bank and they have always been kind to me.
Deer valley credit union in glendale is a wonderful banking branch.
They are all knowledgeable and never fall short on demonstrating superb customer service skills.
Worst costumer service but b of a is notorious for this.
Shame on you what a joke of a bank... will never use your services.
They didn't "forget" to sieze every penny of her grandchildren's money to ensure they get paid.
This is a very good bank branch, folks.
Never in my life have i ever experienced such poor customer service.
The bank was filthy.
This bank has a friendly and upbeat vibe.
The most important part is that the service is very quick (which i really appreciate when i'm in a hurry).
Avoid this bank if possible !
Customer service is non/existent.
The only thing this branch is good for is basic banking, like getting drafts.
Banks suck, credit unions rock.
I use banks as little as possible, preferring instead the no-hassle credit union environment.
Banks only care about the quarterly report to their shareholders, and they make all those profits off of you!
Best community bank in town!
Voted #1 community bank in arizona 3 years in a row, by ranking arizona.
I had my business account there so i would stop by with my daughter.
I had an account for which there was not supposed to be any fees.
I moved very significant funds over to another much smaller bank and i am much happier.
Bank where ever you like, but i have had all i want from wells.
I come in with cash and deposit it into an account.
This is a well-preserved bank with a retro-style foyer and banking area.
The business account people like me are ushered into the back area and queue up between our own velvet ropes.
Time to find a better bank.
This year i had the need to purchase money orders from them.
There are no printed restrictions on the money order...you know, like an expiration date so i anticipated no resistance.
I don't agree with companies that wont stand behind the products or services that they offer.
Customer service is excellent.
I got a loan through cash 1 about 4-6 months ago.
I thought to myself, that's weird, because my loan is always due on the 17th.
I will pay off my loan asap and go somewhere else.
I recently opened a checking and savings account here and i was teamed up with kristen wright.
Fast drive-thru window, great location, fast service and clean lobby.
I also banked at chase, bofa, us bank and a couple of other small credit unions.
Dvcu is honestly hands down the best experience i've had with banking so far.
I would recommend dvcu to anyone who is tired of the big banks.
Jm went out of his way to provide excellent customer service.
No maybe one or two customer, yet i have to set up an appointment to open an account really!
(i wouldn't if i was looking for a place to handle my money.)
This place is a neighborhood eyesore - has to be the filthiest bank branch i've ever seen.
Went in this branch and try to deposit couple money order.
Sometime makes me wonder should i switch bank?
This location is terrible and bank of america is terrible.
Walking into a banking establishment and having the tellers know your name!
In december 2013, i had an overseas wire transfer that went to the wrong account number inside chase bank.
It was not my account number.
Chase did not reverse the wire transfer despite the account + beneficiary mismatch.
The wrong beneficiary spent all of the money to payoff her debts despite knowing they were not hers.
Chase was able to recover some of the money.
The wrong beneficiary no longer has the money to return the remaining $4135.00.
I was banking at wells fargo and thank the lord i found this gem!!!
The costumer service is amazing and there isn't surprise fees you'll see pulled from your account every month.
If you are thinking about switching i highly recommend this bank!!
For a big bank they don't make me feel like number.
Service: you think it's easy?!
Folks apologize and i'm like no problem because i appreciated the effort from the service provider.
Then the machine ran out of money and had to reload.
In a day when most of our bank transactions are electronic, who cares about bank branches, right?
So they basically stole my money.
I applied for an auto loan, and was given specific guidelines.
Basically i could get a loan for 85% of the value of the car up to a certain dollar amount.
As soon as my atm issue is resolved i'm moving my account to someone with some credibility.
This bank is equivalent to cancer.
They pay for a greeter to stand and welcome instead of having actual bankers that can help you with service.
All banks are horrible, but this branch is particularly slow.
Do not bank here!
Just about any other bank in town will give you better service and will not lie to you.
He told me my account had to be closed down and i needed to go into the branch.
I was told i would not be allowed to open another account.
I asked and was told it was bank policy.
So, the manager of the branch blatantly lied to me and i would not recommend this bank to anyone.
Whatever you do, do not bank with this institution!
Yet, i decided to stop by the bank to get some changes today.
Only two tellers were open and saw many employees walking around in the bank.
I have done all my banking here for years.
If you qualify for an account here and do not open one you are only hurting yourself.
I called ahead of time to ask what i needed to bring in to get a checking account.
I'm not a vet, but i have a joint account here.
Account maintenance is easy and everything's accessible online.
The customer service here is off the charts, these guys are friendly, professional and truly care about you.
And then in only a few minutes, we were off for more adventures with money in our pockets again.
I have two words for this bank: get toe!
I walked inside and was greeted by the saddest looking bank interior i have ever seen.
I think they were remodeling, but damn, it didn't even look like a bank.
But, what do you expect when you have to entrust your money to such a lackadaisical place!
He stealing my money wont return it .
I still will continue to bank here.
Just open save ng do not deal with their checking and cc.
It's safe to say because of all this i left b of a and opened a credit union account.
Took care of my service and bid me a happy easter.
Nice and courteous with fast service.
And up until recently we have been very satisfied with their customer service.
My step son is the beneficiary upon death on the account it was set up that way  a while ago.
Mellissa refused to even discuss it or explain why he couldn't have access to the accounts.
There is a living trust so there is no reason to freeze the account.
I'm a first time home buyer and my realtor recommended home street loan to me .
And while i'd typically say customer service work, the idea of them serving clients is laughable.
Most wells fargo's are great and i've banked with them for 7 years but this location constantly disappoints.
Service is usually quick enough.
Nice, quiet, and clean bank.
Pfinally i called wf on 1st in mesa and lo and behold the banker from fiesta finally called me.
Yesterday,but how would i know that the banker cristian even got the msg.
Oh...btw....another bank cashed the same check with a simple id verification...
I thought i loved this bank at first, i wanted to get away from the big banking way of chase.
I occur a penalty charge because i don't bank with wells fargo.
She stated they don't offer that service.
Now i am stuck carrying a larger amount of cash until i find a bank that can offer this service.
I am grateful i do not bank with this financial institution.
I love this bank.
A "computer glitch" at a bank?????
One of the two of them said they needed to see an account statement to "prove ownership".
This is one of my local scotiabanks.
I'll agree with chris p - the hours are not great, but no bank has good hours these days.
All in all a great bank....
This is why i don't bank with them
Went in saturday to open an account and were greeted by blake as soon as we walked in.
Our new favorite home-town bank!
Very poor customer service.
I absolutely hate this bank!
In my entire life i have never banked with such a money hungry organization.
Overdraft fees hit your account in the blink of eye!
The employees are being paid with my stolen money long enough.
Closing my account immediately!!
So what were we to do but head over to the bank.
Great quickie trip to the bank.
There is zero accountability with this financial establishment.
Look, made a yelp just because of this bank.
Horribly inefficient customer service, closing my accounts as we speak.
Had fraud on my account.
As a member of nfcu since 1991, i have seen it evolve into a world class banking institution.
With their online banking, phone service, bill pay and e-deposit.
I find i no longer need to go to their branch for my banking needs.
Their customer service is also excellent and nfcu is known for their generous credit lines and low interest rates.
If you qualify, i highly recommend nfcu for all  your banking needs.
I go here even though they constantly take my money.
I just found out she left jos a banks to go work at infinity selling new cars.
I'm sure she will be number one there as she was for three years at jos a banks.
I spend too much time trying to protect myself from my own bank.....very sad
Full service inside safeway anything you need done they can do.
Friendly service top notch.
Very rude employees and very poor service.
I felt very welcomed and the customer service was top notch.
The banker addressed all my concerns.
I've enjoyed banking specifically with this wells fargo branch location for over a decade.
They've assisted in transferring, linking and renaming our accounts.
I think she was finished crediting my account within 90 seconds.
Bank of america is getting extremely ridiculous.
7 teller windows and there has never been more than 2 tellers in this bank.
Every time i go to bank of america there is a long wait that is not necessary.
Start thinking about your customer service!!!
Let's be honest who actually loves going inside a bank?
Same sad scenario at many of the locations a ton of bankers no tellers and extremely long lines....
However,  my bank shows the transaction went through.
So chase charges my bank and doesn't pay out any money.
Stay away from chase bank.
Unfortunately, ginnie mae sold my mortgage from boa to carrington mortgage services.
The entrance itself to go to the bank is filthy .
You have nobody in your line i can come get money here too.
I explained my desire to apply for a loan and was directed to a young man named anthony.
The very next day i received a follow-up call from the sunwest federal credit union loan team.
There are just too many other banks and credit unions that would appreciate my time and business.
I have been a customer of wells fargo for a year and have deposited a good amount of money.
Since now the economy sucks and i dont have a job my account overdrafted.
I will be getting money on the 1st to pay off my overdraft.
I do not recomend this bank to anyone!!!
I hate banks period but this one needs to be gone.
Uw credit union started taking $8 out of my account for "fees" without informing me why.
By the time i noticed they had taken $32 out of my account.
I closed this account and will go to a more respectable bank.
I went into to get a money order and they took $20 from me.
Ralph (personal banker) thew a boomerang with me...took a negative and slashed it to a glorious positive.
Recently had a charge that blew a flurry into my checking account.
Received a check from my insurance company drawn on bank of america.
It's a bank, nothing to get too excited about folks.
My husband rick and i have our mortgage here and our checking and savings accounts.
This branch is also remodeled and support all bank products such as investment and mortgage.
Next scotiabank location is around 15 mins walk away.
It took me over 20 mins before i was able to make my withdraw, simply not good service at all.
Worst customer service ever.
Great customer service everytime i come into this location as well.
By far the worst bank ever.
Stay away from this bank.
I just relocated to scottsdale and needed to open a new bank account.
I'm happy to be a part of this local bank!
Want to entrust your money to drug-addicted, ghetto, semi-literate, lazy-ass trash?
Then this is the bank for you!
I told her that i was already leaving, and that i would be finding another bank to do business with.
He is a great addition to the bank
This is a very friendly banking center.
The tellers and bankers are all very helpful and eager to help.
Absolutely the worst bank ever!!!
Don't they understand when people go on vacation they need to have some spending money????
I am withdrawing my money as soon as i get back - will never bank with them ever again.
If you dont have grandchildren yet, you will by the time you get out of this bank.
And if you need to speak to a banking rep, good luck.
Wow, this bank if america is extremely slow.
This bank is closest to my home and i needed a document notarized today.
There isn't a better bank staff.
