I went in with what felt like a laundry list of items to accomplish.
They are personable here and really take time to make sure you are taken care of.
I was moving back to las vegas for work and wanted to buy a house.
I did a lot of research in finding a mortgage broker and ended up going with casey.
What first impressed me is that she was very quick to respond to my email and voicemail.
She did not try to hard pressure sell me on anything but just genuinely wanted to help.
She was dependable and honest when explaining my expectations.
She worked diligently to keep me up to date on the process throughout the entire loan from start to finish.
I can tell she had her systems in place and a great team to work with.
I will be recommending her to all my friends and family!
I went in the branch to open an account.
I was helped by a wonderful lady named shelly.
She made the experience amazing in setting me up.
Answered all the questions i had opening up an account and being my first credit union.
The perks they have are awesome and that i'm happy i got to sign up at this location!
Are our accounts are locked!
Because we tried to take money out we have called  and talked to 7 different ppl- been hung up twice.
We are deff going back to our old bank.
If you need the fund right away due to an emergency guess what!
They don't allow it.
So much for those who service the country and cant get the service they need.
My insurance lapsed, due to income issues.
I confirmed with angie that it was all i needed to pay to reinstate my insurance.
So we made the payment over the phone.
I then said, so my insurance is now reinstated right?
And she confirmed that it was indeed reinstated.
And they refused to refund the money paid under false pretenses!!
Be warned...do not deal with this agency!!
Staff knows you by name, always friendly and funny.
Very helpful with helping you better understand your banking options and needs.
I keep my business account here and they give me standard service not really much to say.
I have heard people talk about the poor treatment they have received at their banks.
The only thing i could say is change banks.
Been a policy holder for 20 years but had to cancel due poor customer service.
The iq level in that office is questionable along with not giving a flip about giving  professional service.
Cie taylor is partially retired and the clowns are running her business in the ground.
I highly recommend this branch!
Scott goes above and beyond for his clients and always does it with a smile
I was moving back to las vegas for work and wanted to buy a house.
I did a lot of research in finding a mortgage broker and ended up going with casey.
What first impressed me is that she was very quick to respond to my email and voicemail.
She did not try to hard pressure sell me on anything but just genuinely wanted to help.
She was dependable and honest when explaining my expectations.
She worked diligently to keep me up to date on the process throughout the entire loan from start to finish.
I can tell she had her systems in place and a great team to work with.
I will be recommending her to all my friends and family!
Is there a no star rating!?
I have bills to pay!
I live in colorado, bow customer there.
I walked in on new year's eve, had some needs.
They were open and rosie couldn't have been more friendly or helpful.
Answered every single question, processed things smoothly, great sense of humor.
They had these green "excellent" strips facing the customer.
I believe so that is the customer expects that level of service.
Interesting technique - it seems to work!
I liked her so much i mentioned her to jeff, the branch manager.
Go see rosie and tell her scott from colorado said hi!
Bus will take you half a block from this bank.
Mary is a great professional and a dedicated supporter of the community.
She is knowledgeable and always available to provide insight and advice.
Definitely someone who you should look to for advice and guidance.
They are still the worst probably in the whole us.
Will never return or recommend, terrible service.
Somehow they manage to stay ahead of the poor innocent people of.
Do your research before you step into this unprofessional and unethical place.
Everything  they get away with is wrong.
I originally placed a comment on yelp in regards to the lack of service from this agents office.
The fact is this agent has a complete lack of understanding of listening and acknowledging issues that arise.
Such as incorrect information, my policy information being sent to someone that i had requested not be sent certain information.
As well as incorrect information stated and the lack of taking responsibility.
Mary personally requested i remove my yelp page comment.
I advised i would not.
She explained that she feels its incorrect.
I explained she can comment on my review as i have done for my own personal business.
I advised her i felt it was very unethically for her to ask me to remove it.
At that point the conversation came to end.
I will pursue this unethical action further.
Capital one is the absolute worst bank in the country.
I called hundreds of times trying to get help with a dispute.
Agents don't answer calls or ever return voicemail messages.
They will transfer you all over the world.
Unbelievably they say they are mailing info-then faxing nothing!
Stay away from this horrible company!
It's impossible to get help and they never call when they say they will.
Veteran from 1989 and finally switched all my banking over to usaa..
I should have done this when i first learned about usaa...
Member now for about 4 years, great customer service, and all their apps work great, !!
I can not speak highly enough of usaa.
I am posting my review at this location because it was this location that helped me set everything up.
I've been with usaa for checking and savings since 2015.
The lady on the phone made it very simple and explained all options to me.
You could tell she enjoyed her job and helping people out, and that's what makes usaa so great.
They've gone above and beyond expectations and have treated me and my family very well for many years.
Thank you usaa, you have earned my business and i will continue to do all types of business with you.
Come to think of it, i may just apply for a job here!
Everyone is always happy and more than happy to help.
Keep up the great work guys!
The atm machine never lets you deposit cash.
This is 3 days in a row it blows my mind how it never works here
Do not let the name change from wamu to chase fool you, your money is not safe with chase.
Chase subsequently denied reimbursement because they could not figure out how the theft occured.
Basically, accused me of theft.
So, i'm a huge fan of credit unions.
And started issuing flimsy atm cards that cracked easily with a 10 dollar replacement fee.
I opened a new account a desert schools.
The service is great.
Putting a hold on my cashiers check from a fellow shared branching network credit union was asinine and unnecessary.
But seriously, what's the point of cashiers checks if you put a hold on them?
Calling them for fund verification is a pain or something?
Regina petty and adam martinez were awesome.
Super quick to respond to my questions and confirming they received my documents.
And they went at lightning speed to make the signing for closing convenient for me.
I was super happy at how painless the process was.
Might as well shut this one down.
No merchant window and a merchant went berserk, and almost got kicked out.
I like this bank.
Of course i visit several different wells fargo throughout the valley.
This one i have gone to several times.
At times the smell can be over whelming inside.
Which many are not!!
As in all the other branches i go to.
Also the drive up window is great as well!
Sadly enough they must have some incidents there.
I like wells fargo, highly recommend them..
Sorry but, way better than bofa!
Nice drive through location.
Like that it is open early - 830 am.
Great for deposits when you are in a hurry.
Apparently space is at a premium here because they have their atms set up in the same lane.
This creates quite a traffic jam for people waiting in line for the atms.
They do their job correctly.
Never had a problem..... who reviews banks?
I understand corporate banks but i mean i have too much time on my hands if i'm rating a bank
I would suggest anybody who banks with traditional banks give credit union one a try thanks
I've been banking with nsb for about 18 years and have not had any major issues.
I'm sorry but this is ridiculous, i'm glad that i have another bank that doesn't charge me for this service.
I could be slipping away nsb.
I am now requesting an update on a heloc that i am waiting on.
I stated that i need it to close by 5/13/2015.
In the last 2 days i have sent 2 emails as to the status and no response.
Well,it is now 5/12/2015 @3:18 p.m..
I stand to loose quite a bit of money if this doesn't close on time.
It may be the straw that broke the camels back.
Best bank and branch around!
Very friendly and knowledgeable staff!
They explain everything no hidden fees.
Great rates and awesome accounts!
Plus how awesome is it to have a bank right where you workout!?
Another advantage is the manager is certified in investments and very smart.
I highly suggest everyone go to this branch.
They are the best one i've been too!
Unbelievable customer service and know how from heather white, one of the bankers there.
She is extremely knowledgeable, professional and down to earth.
The place is very nice inside, super clean, nicely decorated, very inviting.
Brand new computers and printers, clean bathroom nice sitting area, well lit.
I never heard about this place before.
I will be closing all my accounts at my 2 other credit unions and just deal with vantage west.
I will also be recommending it every chance i get!
Most of the time they are friendly.
Rarely ever a line and excellent customer service!
What more can you ask for?
Usaa is the best of the best of the best.
They know what they're doing everything from their website navigation, user friendly online banking, and their superb customer service.
Well, empire records quote out of the way, i have been with usaa ever since... forever.
I was grandfathered in under my dad who is a retired usaf lt.
Whenever i called them about anything their customer service representatives have been angels.
But every time they have been great.
Going on 9 years now they have never let me down.
As soon as i snag myself a full time job i am moving my checking account over to usaa.
They offer direct deposit and deposit from home.
I hate that and knowing i could get that money back would be awesome.
My plan is to be with usaa forever.
I have no reason to switch to anyone else.
They've been in my family for a long time.
I couldn't leave the parking lot without posting this !!!
If i could give this bank 0 star i would!!!
The worst bank to treat business owners!!!
If you're a business owner don't come to this place.
Go to the one on rainbow and westcliff.
They will treat 100 times better than all this horrible employees at the windows here !!!
What's the point on having a business line for if you still treat us equal.
Should get rid of that line if not gonna be priority !!
Everyone at the summerlin branch is always helpful, friendly and accommodating.
They go out of their way to assist members.
Tops in their field.
Best oncu office around!
Open until 2pm on saturday = las vegas weekend gambling savior.
Ample parking, can't remember if they had a drive-thru atm, but i'm sure they do.
Oh, and lollipops at the counter.
They have one teller only at the first of the month.
Waited in line for over 35 minutes.
When multiple people asked why there were no tellers the greeter told us everyone was on their lunch.
I don't understand why they need a greeter when they could have had 2 tellers.
Someone had over 10 cash deposits and they still kept her as the only teller.
She actually got pulled to the front of the line and was helped.
She might have been there 15 minutes total.
I guess the moral of the story is make a huge scene so they take care of you?
What makes it worse is their greeter/customer service persons attitude.
Extremely disappointed in this branch.
Went for banking services only to be told they don't do that at this branch.
All banking, loans, ect.
Must be done online or over the phone.
Came in to open a business acc today.
Counter lady put me in the journal as a baldman.
Desert schools refused to help our situation even though we explained.
They had no sympathy to our situation.
We have thousands in medical bills and now had this to worry about.
Charging people 35 for for a dollar overdraft should be illegal.
Wells fargo dealer services is by far the worse company that i have ever dealt with.
Every person was never very helpful and this company never apologized for the what they put me through.
I financed over 20,000 over 75 months, paid it off a year early and every payment on time.
I will never use this company nor this bank again.
I am purchasing another car and i will no pick another company for that loan.
Wells fargo has lost another customer.
Not like they care though
This is definitely the worst td branch.
It is always so busy and the information desk person is not always staffed.
If i can give a zero rating i would.
Full disclosure: i am only a client.
Having said that, i am honestly quite stunned at the negative reviews.
Trust me, i am not easy to please.
In fact, i hired cie taylor because another sf agent was a total &%$# to work with and a liar.
There is one review here that i take issue with.
People make mistakes, i have made many, but i judge people/companies by how they handle or resolve them.
Yelp is a microcosm.
Even my review (which is outstandingly accurate btw) should be considered as just one person.
If you are deciding to get insurance with sf, then i highly recommend cie taylor.
See as i have, how friendly they really are.
I love love love this bank.
They are super friendly to me and my family.
We come in once a week as regulars and it's always an in and out along with great costumer service.
I've had bad experience at other banks and always felt they were setting me up for failure always felt cheated.
Fees every time for everything.i've been with us bank for 4 years now and i seriously can't say enough.
She was so nice and friendly and helped me set up my business account!
Quite possibly the worst chase in vegas.
15ppl in line on a holiday friday and you have one teller open.
I promise to close my account with chase with suck horrible customer service.
Oh yeah tried the drive up and rang the bell 5 times.
I looked and made eye contact with a teller but she still refused to answer my call button.
The teller that works there janice is the most unfriendly person i've ever come in contact with.
I can't give it a 0 star because there is no button for it.
But this place is horrible!!!
They never have any answers on why something is happening with your acct.
This place is unprofessional, slow service, rude & unknowledgeable people working there.
Don't come here and save yourself the ha hassle... a truly waste of time!!
Review for the tanque verde branch in tucson, az   1.
Can you say 'intrusive'?
2.a the new accounts rep. printed off multiple items and photocopied social sec.
With all of their personally-identifying information on it.
Ss#, maiden name, bank account #s; everything.
His complete indifference to confidentiality protocols and identity security is reason enough to stay away from this financial institution.
Business is conducted with the doors open unless an assertive client gets up and closes the door him/herself.
Calls to the branch are routed to a call center.
This is more in line with what one might expect from a cable company, not their financial institution.
Bill pay protocol: client schedules a payment to go out to the recipient on a particular date.
'support center' live chat appears on the list of support center options, yet has never actually been in service.
Instead, it reads: 'live chat is closed"  6.
After-hours deposits remitted through the night deposit are processed first thing, the following business day, with no hold.
This credit union's web page is poorly designed and does not lend itself to easy or intuitive navigation.
Overall, this institution receives a rating of 'poor'.
I applied for a auto loan refinance at a very attractive 2.98%.
From the initial call to signing the documents it took 4 business days and a very smooth transaction.
I met with monika m. today at the branch where she had all documents ready to be reviewed and signed.
Thank you for a professionalism and attention to detail.
Well, my review my differ from the others, but my experience at this bank of america has always been excellent.
Take today for example:  as i walk through the front door i am greeted warmly by the manager.
There are only two customers in line, and two tellers, each helping a customer.
In less than three minutes one of the customers is done and the teller says he can help me out.
The teller was friendly and made small talk while he took care of my transaction.
Then, the bank manager wishes me a good day as i'm walking out the front door.
I was in and out the bank in less than 5 minutes.
That's honestly as good of an experience as anyone can ever expect.
Once again margrett mims is the best!
Very helpful and knowledgable.
Thank you very much!
This bank is the worst.
There is no care for customer service at this place.
They only have one teller and the rest of the staff stands behind the glass and just avoids eye contact.
Wells fargo bank is way more accommodating.
If customer service is important, or if time is of the essence, abandon all hope, he who enters here.
This place is horrendous.
The first time i dealt with this place, i was looking to buy out my lease for my car.
I dealt with blake (i'm about 90% sure this was his name).
He reeked of cigarettes and could not stop coughing.
He proceeded to tell me how long of a loan term i need "oh you don't need that long."
We didn't go with them.
Fast forward 6 months to present day.
We are looking for a loan to pay off my medical bills, redo our flooring, and some other things.
We are dealing with anthony.
We were told it was a 2 week process, yesterday was the beginning of week 4.
We emailed him 4 or 5 days after the papers were turned in, and that's when we found out.
After finally figuring out what was wrong, we have fixed that issue and are still waiting.
Pretty sure this isn't the end of this fiasco.
The communication is non-existent.
I work for another financial institution, and know how the sales goal thing works at most banks.
I'm just amazed that someone would be this slow to respond when closing a 15 thousand dollar loan.
We are honestly considering cancelling this process and going elsewhere.
I usually only come through the atm.
However, i have been inside on a few occasions.
I have not had any issues.
I like this location because it has never been busy any time i go, whether through the atm or inside.
When i did go inside the service was average compared to other locations i have been to.
Nothing spectacular, just the typical service you receive at other locations: professional.
Me giving them one star is being nice i can't choose to give them no stars
Still waiting to open new account.
Only one person working.
Three other people left who were waiting before me.
Do not ever do business with wfds ever!!!
We got the extension and told that after we became current we could do the deferment.
Fast forward 3 weeks we are getting bombarded with harassing calls.
They not only treat you as less then a person but they lie, and misinform you as well.
Being a chandler based company myself, i think that max.
I am arizona born and raised, and a chandler based business owner.
I never would allow any of this type of shady business to even come close to my business morals.
Don't ever do business with maximum title loans !!!!!
Bummer for them, they lost my business.
The lack of 'service' at this bank is appalling.
First, they got rid of the drive thru teller.
If i am coming inside the bank it is because i want/need service from a human.
They have also cut back on notaries.
A forty minute wait for a notary is ridiculous!
Thank goodness his father still lives at that address!
My boyfriend told him he can't be doing this as he can't get gas, food, etc.
And the guy hung up on him!
Poor customer service, poor employees, and terrible bank in general.
We'll be switching banks now because you guys don't know how to take care of your customers!
Staff here are slow.
If you bank here on a daily bases, they'll recognize you.
You have yo repeat yourself several times before they get what you are trying to do.
No more business teller, makes it difficult for business owners to do banking.
Bankers are rude & never follow up on any disputes.
This office goes above & beyond to take care of your needs!
We've used them for auto insurance, mortgage insurance & even life insurance.
We worked personally with dawn neitzel and she was awesome!
The problem is that this branch is far too busy, and the wait even during off hours is too much.
I've sent things to be faxed to the head office at td with no avail.
It's far too busy.
Us bank is awesome!
Since i've made the switch to us bank i've been much happier.
Fees and the tellers are way friendlier and way more helpful.
I highly recommend us bank, especially the one on e sunset rd or the one by windmill & eastern.
Get to the counter at 5:31 and won't help up because the department closes at 5:30.
You really wont help because of a few seconds?
Trying to open an account and can't because of seconds.
Looks like we'll be going else where.
This branch is terrible.
A bank for those of us who work banker's hours.
Got a cheque languishing in our wallet for months?
Take it over to td to open a new account.
Not pushy about what to do with your money.
Open later in the evening and early part of saturday.
The folks here know what to do to get your money where you want it.
I absolutely hate dealing with this bank, especially this branch, but my auto loan is through them.
Unless you're stuck with them for an auto loan go to wells fargo, they have exponentially better customer service.
The desert schools online banking is primitive and the customer support over the phone is a joke.
You're out of luck if you need something outside regular business hours.
Go elsewhere if you can!
They will make you wait 45+ minutes to do something simple like provide insurance for your auto loan.
Very scrupulous and unfair loan dept.
I went it to simple have the tell cash a check and then deposit the cash into my account.
The teller decided to argue with me about it.
Now i didn't expect to be given treated so poorly because i wanted to cash and deposit my paycheck.
Then on top of it the teller could get the deposit right.
I was standing at the window looking up my available balance through my phone app.
And it didn't show the deposit.
And why would i trust that it will all work out when i have never had this happen before.
When nothing showed that and nothing was being displayed via the banks phone app.
And put my money in there.
Which then instantly showed up in my phone app and in statement that i could see.
I have never been so insulted in my life.
People like to talk to an actual person.
I highly recommend you to bank with someone else.
It reading there rules and regulations... the customer service line is just as bad for customer service as well.
We closed out account!
We went here because this was told to us one of the best credit unions.
If i could give a negative star i would.
This is absolutely the worst company i have ever dealt with.
My car was totaled in a car accident on dec 3, 2016.
They received the check from the insurance company on 1/25/17, and as of today--2/10/17--it is still not posted.
Can't get the gap to make their payment on the balance until the insurance check is posted.
I call them, and get transferred 5 times!!
No one can tell me anything other than i will have to wait until the payment posts.
I asked wfds to remove the late notices, and get told, there is nothing they will do about that.
They truly do not care about human beings.
All they care about is the dollar.
Be very careful if you use them for a loan.
With good credit, and payment history, i never thought i would have an issue.
Until now--and it wasn't even my fault.
Wfds needs to take some notes--you can make money & care about people at the same time!!!
I wish i could give more stars for bay equity.
Talk about a team that really goes above and beyond.
Jessica pingleton, adam and hannah boles are beyond amazing.
They held my hand through the whole process.
They made this whole process so easy on us and put up with all of our changes.
If you are looking for help with a home loan do not hesitate to call the a-team.
Wonderful people to work with!
I highly recommend bay equity!
Thank you again you jessica,adam and hannah!!
I'm not understanding why there's not a friendly person that works at these locations.
At least the 2 i've been to.
Y'all be acting like the bitter auntie at a family reunion, because she can't get a man.
We go to credit unions because it's more personal.
I'm really starting to regret it now though.
Very disappointed with fraud protection.
Personally i will be out hundreds nearly a thousand.
Pulling money asap so it's not tens of thousands missing next.
Unfortunate as i've been mostly happy with using summit over the years.
Very bad customer service.
I came in at 4:30 and waited and waited for anyone to address me.
Finally at 5:01 they asked what i needed.
I wish someone would have told me that they didn't have time today before i waited a half hour....
While on vacation, went in to get some cash.
Nice , clean location, staff were very friendly.
At least if you are a good customer, they are going to be a good bank!
Shame on you, bank of america!
16 people in line, 2 tellers...  there has got to be a better way chase!
Financial service representative kyle miller was very helpful.
He is knowledgeable about the various products, and provided all the information i needed to open an account.
The staff here is always friendly and professional.
If i'm using this location, it is generally for the atm.
Quick in and out through the drive through..
I have no complaints :)
We went in to talk about a home loan.
None of our questions about the home buying process were answered.
They ended up pushing credit cards on us and never giving us the information we requested.
Very friendly and professional.
We would give ken 10 stars if possible.
Ken and his team are the best.
This is the bank inside the smith's store.
The staff have always been extremely friendly and helpful.
There is a full service bank branch in the same parking lot (why?
Who knows...), and we prefer to go to the store branch due to their customer service and general personalities.
Banking the errand that we all dislike.
I got stuck with it this week!
Usually, the lovely computer does all of the banking with the proper stroke on the keyboard.
Alas the numbers do not add up so here i am.
While here noticed that the bank is dead; and thirty minutes before closing.
Must be luck in my corner.
He was attentive to meet my needs as a customer.
The associate helping me asked all the proper questions about what the issue was with the account.
It was a very simple fix come to find out.
My only other request of this fabulous associate was if they sold stamps.
They used too; but not anymore.
This wells fargo is normally out my way, but feel quality or quantity is something we settle for.
Way to go wells fargo remembering that we (your customers) choose you!
Worst type of customer service i've ever had!!!!
I needed to make a payment on 2 loans from another credit union out of state.
1st teller asked if i had an acct.
When you can get 5 automated teller  and pay the electricity it uses.
They need to value their job and be more attentive to the customer before they are replaced by a machine!!!
I love the idea of usaa.
The insurance side is good.
In april or may of this year i charged my usaa mastercard at a bar.
The tip over drew my account by 3.80 which i cant explain.
They charged me an over draft of 25 bucks.
There was a total due of 28 bucks and change.
I would have been happy to pay it but they cant take visa and i cant deposit via ups.
The only option was electronic deposit via internet.
My suggestion to you is don't use them.
Its a pain in the back side to deposit and there is no relationship.
It all about the money.
They screwed me over 3 bucks.
Imagine what they will do to you.
Insurance yes....  banking no.
I will be transferring my insurance to geico just to rid myself of them.
They charged my account off on my credit in case you didn't understand.
Don't walk away from them....  run
I'm not sure where all these negative reviews are coming from.
I just went to this bank to open a checking account/saving account and boy was i welcomed properly.
I can see why my grandfather has banked with this local state charter bank for years.
Not only are my every needs taken care off but every employee seems to always be happy to help you!
Also a military friendly bank!
I really appreciate them helping me today on my transition from civilian life to military life.
Thank you nevada state bank!
I had accounts with ssscu for at least 15 years and finally gave up on them 3 years ago.
The last straw for me was the fees they were charging got out of hand.
I switched to wells fargo bank and never looked back - no fees, branches on every corner.
I thought belonging to a credit union (non-profit) meant lower fees, lower loan rates and higher account yields.
I just never found that to be true with ssscu, but maybe things have changes since i left.
It was in 2011.
She hugged me & i feel like the employees here are like family since then.
Unfortunately, she is no longer at this location.
However, everyone here is like that still.
Edgar offered us water when we walked in.
The drive-up teller didn't have any cars coming thru so she came over to help the tellers.
Phil came in from his short break & offered us a water again on the way out.
Cindy the manager was behind the tellers greeting everyone in line & as you walk up to the teller.
If the line is long, everyone pulls together w/ a smile on their face to quickly help.
The only negative is the parking lot.
No big deal when you get exceptional customer service that is sometimes tough to find.
Thank you st. rose wells fargo!
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
I hate to say, one nevada is really awful.
If i could give 0 stars, i would..    1.
So hard to find an atm.
Have atm's posted on their location map that are no longer there.
Took me to 2 dead ends.
Lack of customer service.
No help after 6 pm and forget the weekends.
If something happens friday at 5:45 .. well your screwed.
Fraud department is wack.
Needless to say they didnt call.
Couldnt take a note down for my bank or offer me any sort of assitance.
Card sometime deactivates for no reason.
I just recently got a new card and it was deactivated for an entire weekend... no reason at all.
All in all, save your time and go else where.
This is a very small credit union and their resources are scarce.
I will never go into this bank again!
I could hear them mumbling as i walked out.
She was friendly and didn't rush, even knowing it was past their business hours.
I'm a young adult who has been trying to build credit.
I recently bought my first home and have zero credit card debt.
I explained to them why i was closing it out and they seemed to only care about loosing a customer.
Every month i paid the full amount on the card and never had a late payment.
This is my own money i put forth to open the account as a secured card holder.
I've been a life-long customer of td bank which then became td canada trust with a merge decades ago.
Still, staff are pleasant and efficient; they totally understand your wait frustration so please don't take it out on them!
I prefer online banking.
Sometimes i have must use one of four green machine self-serve banking atms at the scarborough town centre branch.
My time is valuable!
Bank hours are quite broad so that's a plus!
Atm almost always works perfectly.
Drive up atm mostly has zero lines.
Been a customer for years, hope services stay all great.
These guys have become my go-to moneychangers for foreign exchange purchases.
Payment by cash, interac, or combination thereof.
And the best part:  far, far better rates than my banks offer me, buying and selling back both.
Join another credit union... the member service here sucks..
Great office, great location.
They are very helpful and resourceful.
They also validate parking!
This is the big royal bank location at the north-east corner of yonge and bloor.
I'm an rbc client and it's close to my work, so i now do most of my banking here.
The queues are always quite long at lunch hour, but i'm always pleased with how quickly they move along.
They have a lot of tellers.
Any time outside of lunch and you can walk straight up without having to queue up.
One thing i like is that the staff are really friendly.
The customer service is always a pleasurable experience and the tellers always know what they are doing.
They are open on saturdays, plus open an hour late (6pm) on fridays.
The worst bank i ever been.
I needed to talk to the banker.
The lady told me 30-45 mins wait.
I ended up waiting for 2 hours.
I just only have one week day so i had to wait
Found out today the credit union is sending new credit cards to replace the visa cards we now have.
No reason for the change other than we get "perks" with the new cards.
Perks like auto rental collision damage waiver, cellular telephone protection, etc.
The cards have new numbers so we have to update bill or recurring charges tied to the old card number.
Keep the perks or tie them to the card we have now.
Seems like a move made by the credit union with no thought about the inconvenience to the customer.
The only person willing to put in the effort to make things right was melissa.
She dealt with both my husband and i in person and through numerous phone calls.
Really grateful to work with a reliable and honest employee who shows us that she cares about us.
I have been in many, many banks in my life, and most of them have been decent at best.
A bowl full of dums dums, maybe some peppermints, one time there was even a bushel apples.
Needless to say, i have never been impressed with any snack selections these places have had to offer.
That is, until i walked intomidfirst bank, though.
These guys brought the mother flipping heat.
I'm talking suckers up the wazoo.
Every kind of mint you can imagine.
Those strawberry candies with the gooey stuff in the middle.
The strawbrrry candies with the gooey stuff in the middle except with pineapple instead of stawberry.
Five stars, hecking brilliant.
I have just become enamored of the ability to deposit through the atm!
I do not want to spend my entire lunch hour waiting in line.
Busy afternoon 2 tellers.
I have been in line for 20 minutes and there is still 4 people ahead of me.
Since i've been here only 2 people have been called to teller.
They only have one teller and 3 teller windows, the rest of the windows are replaced with atm's .
Everyone in line is depositing in someone else's account.
So it's very irritating to have to wait so long for a deposit.
Never will i come back to this location.
I was very disappointed with my business bankers service.
He was very rude and did not help me with what i came into accomplish.
I will never go to that branch again.
For the most part, the desk service here is what you would expect from your average bank.
I have had some fantastic experience with the bankers in particular.
I've always been a fan of us bank and this branch lives up to what i have come to expect.
Parking is just ridiculous.
For a bank that makes so much cash you would think they would let customers park in the nearby garage.
Additionally, 6 teller windows but only one teller?
I asked for $2,000 in $100 bills.
That's 20 of them [for the math challenged], and it's a very small cash request for this nationwide bank.
But not for this branch.
They didn't have it.
The teller said she only had seven $100 bills, but could make up the rest in $20 bills.
And she was serious about that.
Nice planning on their part to run out of $100 bills in this branch.
How convenient for their customers.
So i asked to speak with the branch manager.
"he's not here today," she said.
That way he's not responsible for the branch running out of $100 bills.
But i did get his card.
It says his name is aaron friedman, and he is indeed the branch manager according to the card.
Nice customer service and planning, mr. friedman.
She apologized and thought that was very strange.
That's what i thought too.
The warm springs branch is way off the strip and usually has short lines.
That's terrible planning and bad customer service.
No wonder this branch gets other 1-star reviews here on yelp.
I was over at chase bank the other day along with my mom to open a new checking account.
He was meticulous and very patient in answering her many questions.
They certainly have many safety features (22) you can choose from to bank online via your cell phone.
I recommend chase bank to everyone.
Simply one of the worst for customer service imaginable.
I was passed to at least 5 different reps who could not resolve my issue.
I recommend canceling your discover card if you have one, their customer support is useless.
If you need anything outside of your basic deposit or withdrawal, good luck getting someone who has a clue.
They do not properly train their employees to provide customers with accurate information and their customer service sucks!
I wouldn't ever bank with this institution.
Some of the nicest people at a bank i have ever met.
Keep  up the great work and the great customer service.
I will always enjoy going to this location in n. scottsdale..
This is a very small branch and it is very oddly shaped.
The staff is friendly.
I appreciate the good customer service.
It's always a fairly quick stop if i have to go inside.
When it comes to banking, i am all over the place.
What i want from a bank is straight forward answers.
David, the financial manager at this branch and the one further up on eastern, did just that.
Ultimately, even though they are not my primary bank, i would not hesitate to consolidate my funds over to chase.
Why did you guys lie to me that you couldn't make me a temporary card bank card?
Oh yea because everyone here is lazy as hell.
This chase sucks and has bad customer service.
Plenty of employees not helping customers.
Girl at one of the desks has been flirting with this guy for a good 20 minutes.
She can definitely stop so i can get out of here.
Please and thank you.
Usually friendly and helpful employees at this branch.
But they've got this weird thing about notarizing.
Even if it appears that no one is busy, you have to make an appointment.
I called today but nobody picked up and there isn't voice mail at the main number for this branch.
I have to go down there, make an appointment then come back later.
I came into this bank to speak with a personal banker.
I waited thirty minutes because there was only one personal banker .
Finally when it's my turn, april is the one to "help me" with my problem.
I wanted to print my bank statements and close my account.
She was very rude.
She's like i can't do this, you have to call, etc etc.
The customer service is so poor here!
April than tells me that i have to stand in line and sign some paper.
Furthermore, i've never had to pay for bank statements in my life.
April was trying to charge me 10$.
I feel like this location is suspect and i'm just done with this bank altogether.
As if i thought the bofa was bad in the same parking lot!
This place is a joke!
Nsf fees from fraudulent transactions and they refuse to refund!
Well, i guess no more wells fargo account!
I swear this bank could care less about its members!
They have one teller for a line of 15 people.
Meanwhile they have another person asking you what you need in the line instead of opening another window.
Plus they charge 10 dollars for cashier checks and smith's charges .50 cents.
This credit union charges for a checking and save account combo.
Isn't the point of a credit union that fee are low or none existent?
To set up an account is a long press.
One that despite what they indicate on there website make you actually go in to a branch.
Their branches are a hot mess.
No tellers, a wait list that is on a piece of paper.
No ability of send in document electronically.
There app is a mess too, more focus on advertising loans then helping people plan their finances.
Even though i "have" an account though them, i will not be finish the step up processes.
And plan on looking for another credit union or community banks.
Would not recommend anyone coming here.
Probably the worst branch i have ever been in.
Average employee iq must be in the single digits.
Opened an account with pat today, great customer service and took the time to answer all of our questions!
One of the only locations with available lock boxes, if anyone is in need.
I was in search for a lock box and luckily this locations had available boxes.
I was greeted promptly and was assisted w/in 20 minutes.
The process was easy and they have a great, friendly staff!
I ended up opening a visa card after i was denied a small loan with them.
The interest rate is fairly low compared to others and there is no annual fee.
They did make me open up a checking and savings account and put a small amount in.
I don't use them but am required to do it to have the visa.
I sent it in with my payment as instructed but it wasn't taken off.
I called c/s and no one knew anything about it.
They said they would look into it and call me back which they didn't.
I called again and had to talk to a supervisor and finally got it resolved after almost 3 weeks.
I believe they branch c/s is much better.
Are they purposely seeing how slow they can go here?
I agree with all of the negative reviews of wells fargo.
I purchased my car in october 2012.
My payment was $461 per month.
From the first payment i sent $500 every month via my bill payer account.
I contacted customer service and they were less than friendly.
Not sure why they can do one and not the other.
I called and was told it takes 5 business days to get drafted.
This did not make sense but they insisted i did not owe a payment and declined to take a payment.
Two days later their collection dept.
Woke me up and 8:00 am and she was very rude telling me my account was overdue.
Excuse me, you called me after you screwed up and then you charged me $10.00!!!
The next payment again failed to draft and i called again.
This person told me the auto draft was cancelled.
I had all i could do to contain myself and again explained what had been happening.
I allowed the draft but told them i was going back to my banks bill payer service.
These people are idiots.
I would pay a higher interest rate rather than do business with wells fargo.
There are 2 tellers on a friday with 8 people deep.
Not bad except that one of the tellers was running the drive through as well.
So it was taking extra long.
Yes, i'm aware that i can use the atm!!!
You think i would stand in a long ass line for just a withdrawal?!
I tell her i also needed a direct deposit form and she says she can help with that.
Thank you for doing job without being a dick about it!
Kudos for the cold water in the lobby.
My experience was as bad as could be.
I applied for a credit card online, gave all my information, and got a rejection.
They said i would get the reason, but that turned out to be a lie.
A few days later a letter arrived saying one of several reasons was "social security number listed is unverified".
So i visited the address on the rejection letter, which turned out to be the main office.
There, they said i should visit a branch instead.
It did not say that on the rejection letter.
Besides, why did the others say i would get the answer if i came into a branch?
The george team is great!
They always provide weekly calls with updates and they always put the client first!
There is a larger and shinier boa down the street a bit from this one.
Is boa going for the starbucks business model?
Anyways usually i like them big and shiny, but in this case i prefer this boa.
Instead you're in a nice comfy air conditioned little glass cube.
Don't lie you know you've done it before!
If i could leave zero stars i would.
Friday may 1st at 1pm- stood in line for over 40 mins to deposit over 2k cash.
I will never step foot into this branch again.
I love that we still have solid american companies still around that value and appreciate veterans of this great country.
Usaa has been my one stop shop for banking, insurance, car buying service, life insurance, and financial advice.
Thank you usaa you are the best!
After visiting other chase locations seeking the same consistent information, we visited this location and spoke with zachary.
He will remain legendary through his high quality of service provided.
In fact the whole team provided clear expectations and delivered.
I have been banking here for 10 years, now the only reason i stay is because of the location.
This has only become really bad in the last year.
I could go on and on.....
Wish i could give no stars!!!!
I can hear them airing the entire vehicle next to me's bank business.
Should be more discreet, like having them go inside of there is truly an issue.
I've never had an issue with any other bank branch.
I'll gladly drive further from my house for shorter lines and better customer service.
I recently had one of the best banking experiences i've ever had at this branch.
I'm really happy with the customer service here, will definitely be back.
I knew when my payment was my due, but still received several reminder phone calls which was rather off putting.
Bottom line: they really don't like it when you pay off these loans off quickly.
I have a feeling they (employees) receive bonuses on interest paid etc.
She did nothing to get my payoff which i had to jump through hoops to finally receive.
They don't accept cash, and take their time on releasing your title.
Just not a big fan of this place.
The employees seem nice on the surface, but they're in business to capitalize on the misfortune of others.
It would be nice if they would simplify things by accepting cash as payment.
Isn't cash still king?
Been here since 12 with 2 people ahead of me and we're all still waiting for service.
They're 5 tellers here, 1 is actually helping a customer out and the rest is sitting and walking around.
I kinda regret applying and dealing with this bank.
The line on friday is slower than the evolution...for those who don't believe in evolution, here is this example.
The line moves slower than a turtle but faster than a snail.
Every time i've spoken to them they are short and act like they cant wait to get off the phone
This has to be the most fucked up site i have ever tried to make a payment through.
Patricia then had a customer specialist come online and merge my account.
I love chase, but this branch is terrible.
They are extremely slow.
I've never waited more than 5-10 minutes at any other branch...
If you are doing more than using an atm, go to another branch.
Won't be back to this location.
Went in this afternoon to get a letter notarized.
We were the first ones in the waiting area and were told we'd be seen within half an hour.
Ten minutes later a guy walks in needing the same thing.
The greeter tells him it will be 45 minutes.
The notary carlos is walking around talking to people that had been walking in way after us.
So we continue to wait.
He was a total prick.
Said we couldn't write anything there or type it up there.
We left annoyed, having wasted over an hour.
I had a 1:30 appt today at this branch to have my name changed.
I understand that i arrived at 1:38 and was late, but i didn't expect to be ignored.
She told me i needed to see a relationship manager.
I told her that i had an appt but arrived late.
I told her that i would just rather wait it out and went back to sit down.
We were totally ignored!
After that we'd had enough!
Never stepping foot back into that branch ever!
These people make me sick.
They hold my direct deposit payroll checks for up to 14 days!!!!
I set up my bills to auto-deduct when my check will be deposited.
Said i wanted no overdraft protection.
They hold my check, bills get paid and bam i'm hit with $300 in overdraft fees?
I know how to read a statement you ignoramous.
Way to make your customers uncomfortable, awkward and angry.
Everyone in there is rude, looks down on you and so incredibly unhelpful.
I heard great things about them, and never in my life have i had a worse experience.
I have banked with chase, wells fargo, truwest, boa and desert schools.
Never again would i put anyone in their hands.
I am not a member of this insurance company.
They haven't even tried to get back to me or my attorney for 20 plus days.
I am at a total loss and their company has not a moral bone.
This is the worst experience i have ever had.
Is there no one there smart enough to be certified?
This institution is making money off me hand over fist and the receptionist tells me to go to ups.
I won't say where i want bank of america to go.
My advice - go elsewhere.
This bank as a whole sucks!
Don't waste your time!
As much as i don't like wells fargo, i would rather bank with them than bofa.
My advice is don't bank with bofa.
Going to transfer my money and services to a different bank!
Horrible service, there is always a line of customers and like two teller working.
They need to hire more tellers period.
They do have some good people, but they have far too many bad apples especially in this office.
Very sad ... because they use to care about their customers.
Now, it's all about the money.
They have no compassion or heart.
If i could give them a 0 stars i would do so.
Yes it is if you are trying to save money!!!!!!!
No wonder they only have 2 stars!!!
Bye- going elsewhere with my money....
Please get your act together and get your atms fixed.
And at this location, it's happened 3 times in the last 2 months!
This is why i prefer my credit union anymore.
I came in here to get a 300 bonus for opening up a checking account.
I didn't have to wait too long, but the process took about 30 minutes and i was late for work.
Art and margaret went above and beyond all expectations while helping me set up an account with one nevada.
I love this credit union already!
An hour wait to talk to a banker to do a simple wire transfer.
Horrible service and badly staffed.
Manager should pay attention the the line and his/staffing.
Went in to open new account to get $200 promotional incentive offer.
First they told me i didn't qualify at all, but would try.
Then said i didn't qualify bc i had a wells fargo visa.
Told them offer only specified could not be current checking account holder.
Talked with manager and tried again.
Then said i didn't qualify bc used to have a checking account that i closed.
Told them that's not what the offer said.
They declined to open an account for me.
Left and logged on and opened new account in five minutes, got e-mail confirming eligibility for $200 promotion.
Don't waste your time going to get help from the people at this branch.
They are either liars or don't know what they are doing.
My daughter was a passenger in a car that was rear-ended.
Her cell phone was damaged and could not be repaired.
Each time i provide them with a requested document, usaa turns around and denies the claim.
I give them the next document then usaa denies the claim.
Again, i call the supervisor and on and on it goes.
With all of the insurance companies out there, find another company besides usaa.
I'm not sure if this location is the same one i'm dealing with, but it is still usaa.
I'd give negative stars if i could.
I was hit by one of usaa's insured's who was intoxicated.
It has been almost 2 months since the accident and i'm still fighting with them.
As if the car could even be fully repaired.
The person hit me going over 20 mph with a massive suv to my much smaller car.
The impact was insane and shook everything in the entire car, making everything looser.
When you ask to speak to higher management, they refuse.
They pass you around from one customer service person to the next.
All on the same level and all unable to help.
I have always heard and thought usaa was a reputable company - this is complete bs.
A lousy company that is too cheap to honor their liability to repair a vehicle.
I'm so not done with them.
They have not heard the last from me.
I've waited 30 minutes for drive thru assistance multiple times now.
I'm not sure if they are understaffed or just incompetent.
Won't be visiting this location any more either way.
If i could give this credit union a zero i would.
The customer service is terrible, they go around in circles with your concerns.
I have been a state farm customer for 16 years and never had worse representation or customer service.
Do yourself a favor - drive one block north and one block west to the next state farm agent.
They refuse to allow you to withdraw your own money.
The teller even went as far   as asking my husband what he wanted the money for.
!we are being questioned what we need to withdrawal our own money for?
Never have i heard of a bank that controls your money this way.
I can understand being busy - but thats when you open more windows instead of being rude.
I've consistently found the tellers at this location provide better service than those in standalone branch buildings.
Lines are shorter too.
Atm always super convenient.
I recently purchased a home and used one nevada credit union for mortgage lending and insurance services.
I got quotes from several of the big banks and no one could match their rate or their closing costs.
I could not be happier with the service i received.
I highly recommend one nevada credit union for your banking, lending and insurance needs.
I have had accounts with them since 2001 and have never had a single negative experience.
I was with jack mussey for over 3 years.
I paid my bills on time every month for 3 years.
In october my credit card information changed and a payment didn't go through.
They called to let me know.
I gave them my new card number, they asked if i wanted to continue auto pay.
Fast forward three months and i've moved and need to transfer my policy.
Come to find out that my policy had lapsed.
I had unknowingly been driving my vehicle without insurance for three months.
Called up the madison office to figure it out and was met with absolute incompetence.
They said that in order to continue my auto pay i had to sign a form.
I never received a form.
They said they called me.
I never received a call or voicemail.
Not a single call or voicemail was missed.
I also called my landlord at my previous address to see if they had any mail sitting there for me.
I called my parents to see if anything had come to their house.
The only answers jack had for me were "i don't know.
Maybe you should check your monthly statements."
His name is on the business and yet he knew absolutely nothing.
Seems no one in that office does.
Ended up going with geico with the exact same plan but i saved $300+.
Stay away from this office.
I love this bank!
Im happy i bank with them.
Best bank i've banked with.
Closing at 4pm during the week...
I hate bofa with such a white hot hatred at this point!
My work continues to use this awful institution so i can't escape it.
This on top of no drive through and no cash deposits from anyone other than the account holder.
Wow are y'all looking for ways to make banking suck more cause you're batting 1000 at that!
Hate hate hate bofa!
What's not to love.
The staff here are consistently happy and cheerful and helpful.
Poor customer service when trying to set up an account for my college aged son.
7 reps until i got a reason why this was so complicated.
I was pleasantly surprised at the customer service offered at this location.
I am currently in the process of moving and while boxing things up misplaced my credit card.
:o  i'll admit when i walked in i felt unsure what to do, no one to greet me.
I looked to my left and there were people sitting, i looked to my right and people were in line.
I hopped in line and waited.
Moving closer to the front i could tell this line was to deposit or withdraw money.
Pretty much, useless to me.
Nevertheless i get to the front of the line and ask my question.
I left feeling satisfied.
I love that this location is right off the freeway so it is easy off, easy on.
I have to say that i have never been inside.
You almost have to drive in and then make a u-turn, unless there are no cars in the parking lot.
Do not open an account with this credit union.
They are the exact same as a major bank and do not operate to assist members when needed.
I thought wells fargo was bad, this institution makes wells look like heaven.
You will be in for a turbulent time with this bank.
They are not a credit union by members for members!
I was very pleased with this credit union the staff was extremely friend when we were opening up an account.
I have had credit unions in past.
The guy who helped us open the account was new cause his trainer was there helping him.
They both were very professional and polite.
The staff is so nice to me!
These people know the art of making work enjoyable.
They take the time to have a pleasant conversation with you, that goes beyond a transaction.
They even let me customize my debit card, which i don't think many know that you can do that.
Now i have pretty tulips on my card.
(love it)  thanks for going the extra mile!
This is a formal complaint lodged by a disabled veteran and non-curable cancer patient against fifth third bank.
We have done nothing illegal but have been treated  and spoken to like criminals.
I would like to speak to the media about how fifth third treats cancer patients and disabled veterans.
This whole situation could have been avoided by additional courtesy, effort, and communication.
Was awarded a large life insurance settlement (initially deposited at charlotte metro cu.
Wired a large amout to sister account.
Wired additional to my account) accelerated death benefit for metastatic breast cancer.
We opened it online since there is no fifth third in alabama.
This was an effort to avoid that.
Fifth third initiated an email that seemed like a solicitation.
A simple email saying they needed to verify who she is, where funds came from, etc.
Would have been very easy.
All my sister did was respond to an email initiated by fifth third, and was flagged.
Referred to fraud department and when sister attempted to clarify account status and funds.
Was accused of hiding money from social security when she informed the account was to 1.)
Help manage any medical bills i would incur 2.)
Was from a life insurance settlement 3.)
To be disbursed as i direct her (ie.
Nephew (he is 13), sister, niece, etc.)
Start a business p.s i am not on social security.
My primary account was then also frozen without so much as a conversation or phone call.
My sister called twice and i left two to three messages without any response  5.
Outside of the group policies i had with work, i cannot get any life insurance.
If that check bounces while account is frozen, it will cost me and my family $39,000 in life insurance.
I am concerned that check will be returned.
As of february 1, 2017, i have no medical insurance outside of my veterans coverage.
Cobra should be re-instated in the next few weeks.
Right now fifth third has my life in their hands.
Once again, some of these funds was designated to my sister to help with any critical care decisions.
After explaining the situation we were not given any options or resolutions.
We were not even able to contact anyone directly.
Fifth third didnt even recommend a better way to manage the funds to avoid this in the future.
Bravo way to support the troops usaa las vegas branch.
I have had some positive and negative experiences with az federal credit union.
My main frustration is the amount of time it takes for them to process a direct deposit or wire transfer.
On average, it is about 4 business days, which in my opinion is way too long to leave someone waiting.
Here is an example, my employer sent 8 direct deposits to myself and my team on august 31st.
Everyone else received their payment same day except me and i still do not have it as of today, 9/5.
I love having a credit union but i can't wait for my pay like this.
They really need to hire more people.
I can't get my issue addressed with an app.
I called this bank, and spoke with an actual human instead of a computer system telling me to select options.
I knew right then that was the bank for me.
I was so happy with the person to person contact and the customer service here.
I am so pleased with my choice to go with nevada state bank, and this branch in particular.
Kylee was very professional and courteous.
She made sure whatever i needed done was done right the first time.
My recent visit was handled really well by her and she gave me a really good experience.
I don't know why exactly - but every single time i have ever been inside, it is always insanely busy.
The expansion actually wasn't to the inside, however (at least as far as i know), it was to the outside.
The added several lines to the drive-through.
In a bit of a strange turn, the drive-through lanes are all two deep.
That means that there is someone in the front and someone in the back.
So if you get in the back you'll have to wait until the front person is done.
Think of a gas station, only you can't pull out until they are done.
Even the atm drive through has two positions.
It's a little strange actually.
Generally the setup seems to move well, but it really looks odd.
Most times i go into the lobby and use the atm there, because for whatever reason people don't use it.
It's actually inside the doors (which is nice, because some other branches have the atm outside).
There can be huge lines at the tellers, but there is no one at the atm.
Often i'll get done before anyone has moved at the drive through lines...
They have no customer service...
Went there to open a account and no one had greet us and we waited for 30 min and help.
Never have any personal bankers working.
Every time i walk in,  i'm always told,  "they are out to lunch."
3rd time walking in to this branch.
Still can't get an atm card.
Made an appointment to close my account and take business elsewhere.
As long as uwcu is around, i will be their customer.
They are an excellent bank that has never disappointed.
Excellent customer service, with the bank itself having a wonderfully inviting atmosphere, and free coffee never hurts!
Uwcu has got customer service completely figured out.
I actually enjoy doing business with usaa.... every time.
My wife and i have been long time members of mary contreras insurance.
And i feel that she does care for her clients like us.
Excellent service to mary and her staff.
I love chase bank!
I have never had any fraudulent charges on my account due to their wonderful service.
Chase is a great bank that i would highly recommend!
After opening the accounts, i made a deposit of roughly $6,000 from my previous account at my local bank.
A few days after initiating this transfer i received a message indicating that the transfer was canceled.
I further investigated and went online to my chase account and found that it was locked.
Thus, i called to figure out what was going on and no one seemed to know.
Finally, after being transferred nine times (yes, i counted).
The only issue was that i was in india where there are no chase branches.
Thus, i worked with a banker, who was very friendly and opened two new accounts.
I was not given a reason for this at all.
A bad review is always easy to write as it is always easier to say something negative!
However, this particular td branch just makes it too easy to be negative.
The service is super slow!
The tellers seem to not know what they are doing!
And there is never, never, ever enough staff!!
It is inside the mall so there is more traffic than other branches.
Every time i come here there is always a line up!
As the limited staff/tellers are not enough to service the more than usual traffic.
I can deal with the other point, like incompetent staff.
But the slow service and lack of warm bodies behind the counter is unforgivable!!
Waiting for the second coming of christ has been a joy compared to the wait at this td branch!
Yes it does exist!
I have used this branch many times.
Maybe enrique was too drunk to see it?
Lol  great location and easy access.
Always professional and great at sending out verification notices if they suspect fraud charges...great company!
The big advantage of this bank is its location.
Very popular with the local college crowd.
Has always had friendly service, attentive to your needs.
Have been customers since 2000.
She has exceeded my very high expectations with no reservations what so ever.
Thank you for everything casey!
They don't acknowledge you when you are in the store.
Long lines slow employees.
You have to drag them over to ask a question about merchandise.
I was going to buy a ladder but could not get anyone to help.
This place should be out of business very soon.
Maria and travis made my experience a pleasure.
God at customer service.
Enjoyed going there and will continue .
Because of the good customer service.
We recently moved from hawaii to arizona and contacted mr. swanson's office as it was closest to our new home.
I assumed it would be an easy transition when we moved to arizona as well.
Boy was i wrong.
After contacting his office we went in to meet with one of mr. swanson's agents, tyler.
He was helpful and kind and made it seem like the transition was all taken care of.
He gave us temporary cards and sent us on our way.
After that day we have spent the last six months trying to correctly update our policy.
We then contacted tyler (he never contacted us) and he assured us it was taken care of.
They let us know nothing had been updated or corrected from that first initial meeting.
They had no idea what tyler did and seemed to have no information from the initial meeting we had.
We again wrongly assumed that it was all taken care of.
Isn't that what the point of insurance is, peace of mind?
I'm very disappointed and don't wish this mess on any one else.
This is the only well fargo i use but i have never been inside.
I am able to depost and withdrawl from the atm.
Always has been convenient.
They are really easy to work with but a bit over priced!!
I love using suntrust.
For many reasons but the best reason is the manager,  rafaeal .
I can't tell you how many times he fixed various problems i have had.
Just a wonderful family man who understands seniors.
Highly recommend his services.
Nora poblador was great when we came in.
She was very meticulous about making sure everything was done right and there would be no issues down the road.
I have found this branch to be quite efficient in processing the teller lines, which are often quite long.
This has happened at least 2 or 3 times.
I personally much prefer banking at 500 yonge.
Now i'm trying to pay the loan off and they have refused me 3 times already.
I think they wants to keep collecting interest i guess.
But i will never ever used this bank again.
There are not many around and i have to travel over 45mins to get to the closes one.
Please avoid this bank.
Went in for my interview today and was just amazed at how huge this campus is.
You have to swipe a card to get through the door.
They have a starbucks and a sandwich shop, a cafeteria and a little shop with clothing and other things.
They also have a gym, a quiet room, a game room, physical therapist, nurse...
It was amazing, really hope i get this job (fingers crossed).
They are super friendly!
I felt like they really went the extra mile, making phone calls and following up with emails.
I would reccomend this branch to anyone in the area!
If i could rate negative 10 starts i would.
The wait at anytime of day morning, noon or evening is not acceptable.
There are never more then 2 tellers working and the line is always like 15-20 people long.
How else are we to make business transactions like getting change orders.
Hire tellers to help customers, period!
Also here's an idea.
Instead of the bank manager standing around at the front area to say hi when people walk in try working.
Maybe time for new management at this branch!
I'm giving this location 5 stars because of miguel!
He was very friendly, patient and helpful.
I had some problems with my account and he helped solve them.
I went in with a lot of questions and he answered every one.
I hope he's there the next time i go.
My experience with oak bank has been less than ideal.
Carrie montgomery in the home lending department is a huge blemish on this otherwise friendly bank.
The bank made a mistake on a mortgage and didn't transfer a property correctly.
Carrie has been rude, belittling, and extremely unprofessional in how she has handled the matter.
I will not be recommending this bank to anyone again.
Also, ssa agents in las vegas do not honor any commitments made by ssa national hotline agents.
Everyone i've ever dealt with at this one nevada branch or by phone has been extremely courteous and helpful.
Roth iras cannot be contributed to online, but must be done in person.
In one case, i am still waiting to hear back after a few months and follow up e-mails.
Overall, i want to like this credit union so badly.
It has good rates.
The people are nice.
But, i also want a credit union that takes my financial well-being seriously.
Is this what people do in vegas?
On friday take your lunch break and go cash you check?!
This place was insane!
The line literally was from the teller all the way out the door!
Such great people here.
Always fast and never an issue.
I always come to this one because of the workers.
And i just happen to live close.
But its easy access for cars in and out.
Usaa is the most horrible insurance company on the planet.
Tried to get a cashier's check reissued, teller couldn't do it, branch manager (daphne) had to take over.
Got it done at another citibank down the street in 30 minutes with no problems whatsoever.
Avoid this branch or just citibank altogether.
After they closed my branch on jones the overall service level is just horrendous.
Finally got it to work and put my money in and left to work.
Next day on my day off i sign up for mobile banking and i'm left with 30 dollars.
Customer service told me i was a liar and they needed to see my pay stubs to believe me.
How are my pay stubs and how much i make even relevant to fraud activity.
Do not open up anything with them!!
Took them forever to get my money put into my account when they messed up.
Never banking at this location again.
I was really frustrated, i was trying to negotiate so i didn't have to file bankruptcy.
My rent, without any phone calls or letters reaching out to me before they were going to take my money.
Ultimately, i had to file for bankruptcy, but i would never ever bank with them again.
The national bank at 2 orchard heights drive in aurora was closed more than two years ago.
Absolutely worthless for business.
No mobile deposits and their phone app is worthless.
Customer service was horrible as well.
Thanks for nothing, now im off to us bank to open a all new business account.
We come here to avoid extra fees at the hotel/casino atms and appreciate that this branch has a drive-thru!
You don't see that much in the sf bay area.
Service has always been courteous and prompt.
The tellers here are always the best.
They are always happy and move super fast.
I drive father than i need to just to come to this one.
I do all my business needs here.
All around atm thanks you.
This is a great place to do business.
The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, informative, and helpful.
They have great rates on loans and other financial tools that are also available on their website.
Money-hungry thieving lying stealing bastards.
We have had our mortgage and checking account with one nv for 10 years.
All the representatives at branches have always been personable and helpful.
But now, 6 years after our refinance they are sending us a bill for $3180.00!
Mortgage dept says "oh, its always been there".
No documentation, nothing...they just expect to be paid.
Now we are going to refinance with another company.
So disappointing, as i have referred at least a dozen people to onenv.
Getting refinance on my car.
I am a happy camper.
Love the customer service!
Everyone i've spoken to are so nice and professional.
I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for insurance.
They treat you like family instead of just another customer or another number like most other banks.
Margaret and kyle are the very best banking professionals i have ever had the pleasure of doing business with.
That way you can get it fixed, and get whatever financial needs you are looking for.
They have the best rates across the board that i've seen.
They also have credit building tools such as 1k credit rebuilding loans.
As i said one nevada is the best and margaret and kyle are the best banking professionals.
Go see them and you'll see the difference between banking organizations that care and those that don't.
I can't stress enough how awesome margaret is and how awesome kyle is.
Coming to this branch is worse than going to the dentist.
Customer service is awful.
Wait time for the simplest thing is rediculous.
I miss the branch they used to have in walmart off elliot.
Ruins my whole day when i have to come here.
They have told me to wait (with no one in front of me) and take a seat .
Each time i've sat and waited for a banker, i waited for about 30 minutes until i left .
Have yet to see a banker
David stroman is a complete and utter scumbag.
I suggest you do not do business with him.
How'd that work out for ya david?
My oldest son just went in to open a student account.
Girl pushes a regular account but doesn't tell him fee is waived if under 23 and a student.
Tells him fee is 12 dollars without direct deposit or $1500 continuous in account.
Wants to know who his employer is.
He just said, he was a student.
Her response, "i wasn't pushing the fee without the waiver."
I ask if she was going to help him open a student account?
Needless to say i got loud and he doesn't have a b of a account.
I am very close to pulling all my money also and moving somewhere else...
Usually never more than 2.
Lines always reach past the shelf of magazines.
It would be nice to have more people ready to tend to the customers.
Bank of america in general seems to have this issue.
I have been banking with this credit union for over 30 years.
I also bank with chase, boa, and wells fargo.
Out of all of the banks, vantage west is by far superior.
I recently had a request to obtain statements for my accounts from 2011.
They all helped me and were tremendously friendly.
The entire staff are awesome!
I think i know almost every single persons name that work there and vice versa.
So now i'm glad to say that i am back as a loyal, happy customer.
They recently remodeled the place- so it looks more organized and updated.
But definitely their professionalism and friendliness overrides waiting in line for a few minutes !
They approved my loan.
I e-mailed them and called them numerous times they didn't return my calls.
They gave me a higher interest rate;  3.5% more than any credit union around.
I stopped by their branch.
The loan woman had no interest in giving a loam.
She asked me if i wanted to cancel which i answered yes.
What a waste of a trip to their branch.
Bianka is a bad employee for az federal.
I will never do business again with them.
I have been to this branch a few times.
It's nice enough for what it is.
Not too large and not too small.
Staff is friendly enough and always serve with a smile.
The parking lot asphalt is not in the greatest condition.
I try to avoid here because it's right next door to rainbow doughnuts.
If your from the islands and miss that ohana fill come down to aloha pacific you'll feel right at home.
The staff is so nice and they always welcome you with a friendly smile.
Candace boegeman was amazing.
She was charismatic over the phone and helped me with all of my concerns.
Dealing with your money can be overwhelming and stressful.
Her knowledge and comedic responses helped ease my anxiety.
Long review warning: one of the worse experiences with a "bank" i've ever had.
So i opened one.
Then they told me i'd be approved right away for my $300 secured card.
They denied me immediately, but only after they got me to open an account with them.
As of today i've used my debit card only a handful of times making small purchases.
All of this was going on without my knowledge.
I was like "what?
How could i owe money since i rarely used this card?"
I asked is this midfirst?
The bank associate said "yes, what was your question?"
I explained what happened and how confused i was.
The wait time time was around 5 minutes, which was to be expected during the middle of the day.
Stephanie answered the phone and was incredibly helpful and proactive in helping me.
This was the first time i called in, and i am glad that i chose summit.
I use this location sometimes as it's closer to our house and convenient.
This is a big no, no and it should be taken care of.
Paying attention when working with someone's money is extremely important.
I believe with a few more employees and proper training, this can become a great location.
There's lots of room for improvement.
She's a terrific asset to your one nev c u team.
I have a credit card with them , i have a zero balance and never been late with them.
I can't see how the past means more then the present, their customer relations are terrible.
I am changing who i do business with.
Service and treatment needs to improve everywhere and we as customers should expect good service.
They don't switch the checking account to the cheaper checking account automatically after the trial period (lie/mistake).
They failed to tell me that there are two different credit card charges.
One that incurs a $10 fee each time even though i have money in my accounts.
Some bs about manually transferring money between accounts which was never disclosed to me, ever.
I switched from chase to a "less evil" credit union but the mega bank ended up costing me less.
Taking my money out.
Not only did he greet us but he made us feel very much at ease and comfortable about being there.
He not only gave us information on the bank itself but advised us on all the services they provide.
What struck me the most was that this is how banks used to be.
Open and friendly yet business like and not at all like the "big" banks out there.
The tellers welcome you and really enjoy being there.
We were offered cold bottled water which was greatly welcomed since it was a hot day.
This is the bank you might want to consider if you're tired of the mega banks.
She demanded his card and i asked why she said if you aren't on here no deposit with card?
I can't believe i am making a deposit with card(they don't accept cash!)
From one account to another and she refused.
It is hard to explain but the no cash thing is bad enough but to refuse the deposit with card.
Not like that guys, come on!
Can't say how disappointing this credit union is.
Would highly advise not working with them.
This branch is horribly inefficient.
I sat in line at the drive through for nearly 15 minutes when i gave up hope.
I understand that some customers have lengthier transactions to complete than others but honestly, this is a staffing issue.
Next time i will drive a few extra miles to a different branch to avoid this one entirely.
Wells fargo dealer services were complicit in fraud from the dealer they contract financing with.
No one at wells fargo dealer services is interested in making this right, just covering it up.
It appears wells fargo is corrupt top to bottom.
So a tale of two car loans, one through our credit union and one through wells fargo dealer nightmare services.
The other our disabled grand daughter  and family.
Paying assisted living for my dad-in-law is very expensive.
So we started playing catch up.
We caught up and even paid off the mortgage and the car loan at the credit union.
Why, never bounced a check.
They were very insistent on this.
Tomorrow we go to the credit union and move the loan there.
Why you ask did you get this loan through wells fargo?
Well because we had a mortgage with them, we got a fantastic rate, which by the way was jacked up.
Not once did they have an issue with us.
We provided documentation all the way showing what was happening.
I use mary for all of my personal business, but more importantly refer her to all of my clients.
If you want the best insurance agent, at the best company, call mary
Margaret mims gave us great service.
She was very kind to my father whom is hard of hearing.
Us bank and chase have treated me very well and i will stick with them.
I have been with state farm for nearly 20 yrs.
Although the company as a whole is good, my local agent, cie taylor is very unsatisfactory.
So much so that i switched agents recently.
On the rare occasions when cie did return my call, i found her aloof, dismissive and arrogant.
There are too many other state farm agents in the area to tolerate this kind of treatment.
There is always a line, and you always have to wait to speak to a business banker.
They are so understaffed here.
The only person who knows what they are doing is val.
Customer service depends on when you go and what location.
I have never been in the fort apache location, i only go through the drive up atm machine.
There is never a line, i get to sit in my car and it takes two minutes, no hassle!
I have everything through these people!
My cars,car insurance,homeowners insurance,personal loan, and credit cards.
Their customer service is by far the best!
Currently even looking into refinancing my house through them as well.
All i do is open the app and i can see all my accounts and pay bills.
Absolutely love this company and it's high standard of customer service!
Thank you to all that serve this great country!
It's like they get paid to take their sweet time.
People have things to do.
It's ridiculous when you're waiting behind someone for 20 minutes in the line isn't moving at all.
This credit union provides slow service, defects in service requiring multiple visits/contacts to resolve errors, and  lack of product knowledge.
Two weeks ago, i showed up at the branch to sign auto loan refinance documents.
They were not ready, i had to wait twenty minutes.
All of the loan documents were not correct.
I was also suppose to have a savings account set up at time of close.
This was not ready.
The branch banker also did not have copies of all documents i signed so i had to ask.
The branch banker tried to rush me through the closing.
I had to ask for an atm card.
It now has been two weeks, my current lender has not been paid.
I also have not received an atm card.
I went to the branch to find out what was going on.
I feel like doing business here is like going to a self service gas station.
There is no service if you don't do it all on your own!
I also asked if a check was issued to my current lender.
The loan was not funded for five days after document signing.
The check has been issued but not cleared.
I then withdrew all bu t the minimum required balance needed in my savings account.
I do not trust desert schools at all at this point.
The only thing that has arrived has been my payment book.
It arrived promptly today.
Funny they want money for a service that has not even been provided.
I was even told in error today that i would receive monthly payment statements.
I received two coupon books.
This place is a hot mess.
If i can find an even better refinance deal down the road, i'm moving on.
Excuse me but what the f**?
Sadly i don't think i'll be conducting any business with chase luckily us bank is right next door.
If i could rate this bank zero stars i would.
The lines are always out of control with at most 2 tellers working.
They get a 3 for the branch and a 5 for device and ease.
However, the loan process and ease of it was great.
Opened an account here when received a 150$ offer to open an account in the mail.
I just so happened to be looking for a new bank so gave it a try.
After a little over 3 months i met all the requirements and received the 150$ in my account.
I also like their online banking and app very easy to use and great layout overall.
Sure they could use more locations but joining a smaller bank you know that going in.
And 150$ will go a long way to pay an occasional fee if i need to use another bank atm.
Again awesome online banking setup and bill pay.
I have been with nevada state bank for almost 10 years.
It's an excellent bank to bank with.
In this amount of time i'm sure you understand that i've had a couple skirmishes with them here and there.
Nothing big where i needed to open up a new account somewhere else.
I like that there are a lot of these banks in town so it can be quite convenient.
Other than that, customer service has never been that bad.
Could be better at times, but once again i have nothing to really complain about.
All the 5 star reviews for mary are probably true, but those folks have never needed her service.
I want to start by saying i have been a long term customer of mary's.
I was recently in a car accident on a hot 115 degree day.
I called mary's office and spoke with heidi.
I asked her to walk me through the process.
So i hang up and call mary's office again.
I call again ( please know it was 115 degrees outside and i had 2 small children with me).
Heidi answered again but could not give me any information.
She said she could not help me that i could talk to claims about the process.
Even though i have coverage for it.
Even though i have coverage for it.
10 years of paying premiums and he first time i need to use them ....
I was on my own.
Not as bad as wells fargo but they sure run a close second.
Use any other teller except rachel.
She is well just use any other one.
No cut interest service and they change the rules every time you turn around.
And what one brunch dies another doesn't.
I have been a member for 15 years, and kept our accounts as we moved around.
Service at uwcu is always amazing.
They are always a year or more ahead of others in terms of technology and convenience.
Surely this can't be this hard???
I've had my cc number stolen overseas, and they called me within an hour before i knew anything was awry.
They took care of everything for me, and i never had to call some anonymous call center for help.
I didn't always value this, but i've used some bad online banking.
This is the worst chase branch i have been to.
No wonder no one was there the two times i went.
Both times, i was rejected service and asked for an appointment a week away.
I brought my passport, that's not enough form of an id?
Their lazy ass excuse was that i needed two forms of id.
I knew this was bullsh** so i went to another branch and i was helped right away.
Get your act straight manager and banker
Oak bank far exceeded my expectations.
Do not go here if you are expecting a typical banking experience.
Even their mobile banking competes with large competitors, which can be a concern with smaller banks.
So are you ready to lay down roots in the madison area?
Do you want to trust your bank, even in this age of certainty?
Oak bank is personable and professional.
By fitchburg, in fitchburg.
We're all in this together, my fellow citizens.
This place is worth checking out.
Chris austad was a true banking professional today!
He was able to help me through a situation where my accounts were compromised by fraudulent activity.
He gave me peace of mind and set me up with new accounts.
He was a pleasure to converse with!
I will make this my new home bank of america!
I work in the food and beverage industry and make most of my income in tips.
Every time i have deposited at the location i'm treated like a drug dealer.
They have 18 customers in line and two tellers.
One of the tellers is switching in between buisness services and regular banking transactions.
Mean while there is 5 other employees standing around talking to each other.
This happens every time i try to do buisness at this location.
This bank gives me faith in banking.
I have had terrible experinces with *other* financial institutions.
I am so grateful that in serving one is able to join the usaa family.
I have never had one problem, complaint, nor issue with them at all.
It's like being in a very exclusive club, without the fanfare.
Chase bank is one of those exceptional banking institutions.
But your account is the quarterback- that is their job.
Inside the branches, the representatives are always nice and super patient; thanks- my brain is like dial-up at times.
If that's your style though, the atm still gives large bills.
Chase, i'll continue to bank with you because you guys are awesome, and i love awesome.
Keep up the good work.
Unfortunately  i have to pay their $3.00 fee & my bank's fee for using their atm.
I asked to meet with someone re debt management.
I met with jessie at the junction rd/old sauk branch.
He was extremely professional yet very approachable.
Jessie gave me a number of good suggestions but did not try to "sell" me summit credit union services.
I really liked working with him and trusted his expertise.
Ultimately i did become a member of summit by opening a couple of accounts with them.
I highly recommend summit and jessie to anyone who has questions re debt consolidation or any other financial needs.
Thanks much summit and jessie!
First of all, i can't find good customer service one the north east side of las vegas !!!!!
I had being near the darn base!
And i mean every time i go to this location , something is wrong with the atm machines.
Yesterday, all but one machine was working !
The line was crazy long because it was friday.
Today, i was depositing a check and the machines could not desperate cash.
The employees at the counter have never been very friendly and willing to help at this location.
I love have chase and is my favorite bank i have worked with.
However, this location needs to get their act together now!
Everyone is always complaining about this location and rightfully so!
I have already been waiting for 30 minutes.
Sat in line for the atm, only to find they aren't taking deposits.
Should have looked at all the reviews about the slow service before i stopped.
First an last time coming to this only location in nv.
Friendly staff but they really need a atm at this location !
Won't let me pay account off.
Kathleen is worst customer service agent.
First time chase user and it was a good experience to say the least.
Coming from bank of america most things were very similar.
Neither of these things was offered at chase.
Despite that, chase was a solid option since boa isn't in cleveland.
Its in a great location.
All said and done, i would definitely recommend chase.
They have a ton of good services they're just a step behind boa.
This branch helped out my bro and i big time!
She handled a difficult transaction that branch locations usually don't deal with.
Went above and beyond, and what could've been a bad situation turned out good!
I have been with arizona federal credit union for over 28 years.
They have recently closed the location on bell road that i banked with from the beginning.
Maybe they should make sure and check it through out the day.
The bell road location has never done what your lazy employees at this location do, they actually checked it.
Problems so unbelievable i could write a book, websites in chinese and tech support that couldn't open a .jpg file.
A teller that walked away mid account close to wait on a drive up customer ...
Best bank in town.
Branches all over, staff are friendly and courteous.
Highly recommend their services especially for business accounts.
I have to tell you about one of your employees.
He has a very professional manner, dresses very professional.
Because of him,i will tell others about the great experience i had there.
He greeted me with an sincere smile and kept it on.
So many people just don't go the extra mile, but he did.
Thank you marco wibowo!
After about 6 months with nevada state bank, we couldn't be happier.
Who knew a bank could be this good?
Everyone is knowledgeable, competent, friendly and very helpful.
In particular, kim has been very helpful, especially expertly helping us with an important and complicated wire transaction.
Thank you corie and nora.
This bank is amazing!
The staff work so hard to get things done and quickly.
They are so nice and welcoming when i walk in.
I would highly recommend them!
I am so glad that i found out there's a vantage west credit union up here in phoenix.
I cannot believe i didn't think to google a vwcu up here.
I'm seriously wondering whether or not to post this as i look like a moron.
The staff was incredibly friendly (of the two ladies i spoke to).
I didn't really mind having to pay them $300, haha.
I'm glad i found this place and will inevitably be back to make payments.
Ok two major things.
This is not where yelp says it !
Dear lord it is not off of eastern and bonanza and 23rd street!!
There is a 23rd street gang!
This is not a good area!!!
It is off of paradise and howard hughes parkway in with the well fargo tower.
Number two it is not at all connected to the usaa federal banking system.
This one is totally local.
You can not pay your credit card or access your federal account at all.
You can not cash checks unless you have an account with them.
Good features but not at all connected to the larger member services.
For  what i understand they really are a servicing center but nevada makes them have a branch to do that.
Ehh i like the federal usaa better.
Pnc bank has one good thing going for it.
You can usually find a branch in another state.
This is probably the only reason why i keep one of my accounts there.
I have a good relationship manager whom i meet with from time to time on financial matters.
That's really all i can say on the plus side.
On the negative side they pay very little interest.
They charge you ridiculous fees when you are cashing in on iras or their investment accounts.
I'm not referring to premature cashing when i refer to these areas.
My real rating would be 2/1/2 stars but i normally round up.
He was the most helpful, knowledgeable and competent person i had ever come across at td.
He offered great advice, he was accredited, and knew what he was doing.
He basically catered to my banking needs with great care, and i really appreciated that.
He was a genuine person who cared about your financial well-being.
After, my financial advisor left things went downhill.
The bank brought in a young, inexperienced, unaccredited advisor to take over.
The new branch manager didn't speak proper english.
Although, it should be noted, this was an isolated experience; isolated to one particular branch.
It did not, and does not reflect my overall experience at td canada trust.
If you yourself come across individuals such as this, i would advise that you seek help at other branches.
So nice for hawaii residents to be able to withdraw some cash to replace what went into the slot machines.
Would be nice if i came here to make a big deposit some time instead.
Worst bank with the worst customer service i've ever encountered.
If you'd like to go through the same experience, go to this location and speak with erica.
The other rep named cassandra wasn't worse, but i won't say she was much better.
So much attitude, but i hear that might be the standard with other locations as well, which is disappointing.
Definitely won't be back if i don't have to.
Have been a customer for more than a decade and maintain a variety of accounts with nsb.
Recently deposited a sizable local check which was easily verifiable.
Enough that when some investments mature, i'm switching banks.
Usaa has the worst phone system i have ever.
I've been with them since 1970.
When i opened my account almost two years ago, i turned down the overdraft option.
But that has never been a problem so i said i didn't want overdraft.
Fast forward to a few months ago.
The outrageous charge from cox cable was credited to my billing account.
Long story short, someone else's modem was charged to my account.
When i told her i had opted to not have overdraft, she just repeated herself.
She just kept repeating herself over very rudely.
Instead they made it an opportunity to steal from me.
Beware of this branch,  aubri connor the manager does not have your best interest in helping you.
He refused to help, he was not truthful and was rude in the manner he conducts business.
I always have a knowledgeable and friendly representative help me out.
Quite simply the gold standard of banking and insurance in my book.
Don't go here unless you have opened your account with them.
They have no affiliation to the main usaa out of texas.
They could not help with a cash withdraw or cash advance.
Time and trip wasted!
I had an excellent experience at midfirst bank in fountain hills recently.
At the last minute i needed some documents notarized and i met with sherri c, assistant banking center manager.
She was quick, helpful, kind and thoughtful and saved us a lot of time and stress.
It felt to me like she was the kind of person who put herself in someone else's shoes.
It was a very pleasant experience.
I highly recommend this bank.
This bank was originally recommended to me by a friend 3 years ago who also couldn't say enough about them.
Sitting down with the banker he stated he was unsure if the purchaser had to be present or not.
In amazement i retaliate with words of my own and he then replies with a rude "what?!".
After his manager is requested and the two of them return.
The manager fails to apologize or handle the situation accordingly as her employee continues to spout rude comments.
After my girlfriend and i were taken further aback and at this point the manager was losing all ground.
A horrible and very poorly staffed location.
Margaret and corie are amazing these ladies both go above and beyond for their clients.
I have never had this kind of experience with anyone.
Margaret opened my teenage daughters account for her and spent so much time with her.
I am so grateful to have these ladies be apart of our banking experience.
They have far exceeded my expectations and have made us feel like family.
I had the most amazing experience at this bank.
Thank you chase for helping me to help my children.
Christine was awesome and made the process for getting my credit card so easy.
She even followed up with me to let me know about a special program for travel benefits.
Thank you christine for my most amazing experience.
You are a blessing to those you help.
Thank you chase bank!
Withdrawing $2,000 isn't an option for me at the atm.
I am all for moving forward with technology and banking however it's now becoming a bit crazy.
Line literally wrapped around and out the door.
People standing outside, just a mess... be real and do better!
Honestly, worst customer service from these people.
I call to try to work with them to resolve an issue and all i get is distain.
I have a check to pay off my policy balance so i don't go overdue for the next few months.
But this isn't allowed, people can't just pay.
And this isn't a personal check, so i can't write my info on it.
Can i send someone in with the check?
Can i send them with my bill and the check?
A privacy violation we could have sued for.
In retrospect, i'm convinced we should have sued.
No accommodations, no help, no kindness.
I'll get in trouble at work, but they don't care.
So long and thanks for all the fish.
So apparently things were not nearly as severance as melissa made it seem yesterday.
This is all appreciated...
But is too little too late.
Or she didn't know what she was doing and didn't want to ask with a supervisor.
Just sounds like a lot of bad faith to me - so my one star review stands.
Our family has been with nevada state for over 20 years.
Chris is very professional, friendly and helpful.
He always makes our personal and business banking experience easy and stress free.
I had to give it one star for the mere fact it has atms.
The customer service at this location is horrible.
I can't tell you how many mistakes this branch has made.
They fix one only to create another.
Staff is constantly rotated, so you have to reexplain the problem because the last person didn't leave good notes.
I won't step foot in this branch.
He was friendly and explained everything thoroughly.
He made us feel like we knew each other and were having a conversation with a friend.
I try to avoid this bank at all costs.
If you hate your job so much quit!
Other banks are all about customer service but angel is the star of his own show!
Therefore, i'd like to provide my 2 cents.
My experience with this branch had always been positive (other banks just can't provide).
Dont' be wasting valuable resources and be a whinner when you are there asking for help to be spoon feed.
I just moved into town and have never opened a bank account separate from my parents.
I had the most amazing service from jose!!!!
And he introduced me to everyone in the room on first name basis and i felt so welcomed!!!
This actually makes me excited to go to the bank now to deposit checks.
I had been with state farm for a while from the states of washington, california and now here in nevada.
I hope others don't have this type of service with kent baker broker for state farm.
Bank manager, when your atms are down, jump in and help your one teller!
Don't stand at the door silently with an odd grin.
Most unprofessional midfirst bank in arizona.
Do not go here is you want the professional friendly warm midfirst customer service you are used too.
I will be closing my account at then end of the month and banking elsewhere.
My go to place for all financial matters.
If you are employed by uw you get great discounts, take advantage.
I like the long hours and the staff is always really friendly.
I do appreciate the big drive thru, easy access and enough space to go around.
When i was younger, i had such a hard time with banks!
When i finally signed up for usaa, they actually took the time to educate me about my finances.
Funnily enough, what turned me onto usaa was a car accident.
At the time, i was with another company, and the person who hit me had usaa.
They treated me better, educated me, defended me... which was way more then my company had done for me.
Thanks usaa for being there for me through all of the bumps in the road!
Its what you expect of a military bank.
Friendly employees and no lines.
They helped me get cash and i was on my way rather quickly.
I come here to drop off my rent check.
I never have a very long wait, and the tellers are very helpful.
For this type of transactions this branch seems very good.
I would bypass the 99th ave and lower buckeye location they are rude!
The two personal banker and the male teller i encountered were slow and indifferent.
They were laughing and joking about subjects that shouldn't be discussed during office hour.
This location lacks serious professionalism, one of the worst wells fargo branch i have been to.
I went into the bank today to resolve some charges on my account.
Thank you ladies, i will definitely be back and will refer my friends and family.
Visited this branch last week.
Ask for someone to call and set up an appointment  to set up our accounts, no one called.
We just stopped in again, no one available to set up our accounts.
10+ cubicles for bankers to work but only 2 working.
You can't say anything bad about the staff at this branch - they are friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable.
That part of my experience was pretty great.
Ok, i've heard good things about huntington, and the bonus was a good incentive to give them a try.
Opened checking, savings and a credit card that had a cashback rebate.
That was 4 months ago.
Two months ago, they charged me a monthly maintenance fee i didn't owe.
A phone call got that credited and they had no idea why i got charged.
This month, they dinged me for a late credit card payment.
Said it didn't get there until the 13th.
It was mailed on the 1st.
I called, a snippy person said i needed to allow  7-10 business days when mailing in payments.
I have mailed payments all over the country allowing 5 business days and never had a problem.
And this month i see my savings interest rate went down.
I guess that's what happened to me.
I became an old customer after 90 days, so it was time for my interest rate to be cut.
They don't even show the rates for not-new customers.
If you receive paper statements, you can't have online access to statements.
First bank i ever ran into that does that.
The above story is why i wait those 6 months.
So i'm going to stick with my current bank.
I've been banking with wells fargo for 17 years.
I went to this location yesterday.
I accidentally washed a cashiers check and it tore in half.
The manager had to authorization to override the fee but refused to do so.
I was so frustrated by that, that i closed 2 of my 3 accounts out with the branch manager.
She never questioned why nor did she try to retain a customer of 17 years.
Very short with me and not friendly at all.
I told her i wanted to close my larger account out which was the final account i had there.
Again no retention attempt.
She just said i'd need to wait until transactions cleared.
I will be closing my final account out next week.
Omg it's a bank!
Not to mention there are some cute employees which make my pants more than a bit happy.
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
The payment was only $40 that was processed.
So to allow a $34fee on a $40 payment is 85%.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
I don't know how a company with such incompetent staff can survive!
From not being able to access my money or use the debits cards.
Don't waste your time with this bank.
Look into unify bank that have been great
We have been members for over 25 years and have at least eight different products through usaa.
I guess you get what you pay for, since its free, that's what you get very bad service.
Hope no one else goes thru what we did.
Very unhappy with the service received by this company.
Tired of the rude text payment "reminders" talking about no grace periods and defaults.
I have asked for an accounting of the payments made on the loan and they have not complied.
This is a predatory practice and should be illegal.
Hopefully they will be soon if the voters cooperate.
Capital one is a great card as long as you don't expect good customer service.
Ask for a credit line increase and you carry a balance?
You get a letter/email that says you are denied because your payment is too low.
The payment sent may be 2-3 times the minimum on a regular basis and it still may not  be enough.
Pretty bad if you ask me.
Boy, was i surprised when they "dinged" my credit score by 23 points!
It's been 2 months and whola, my credit score has increased 3 points since then!
The line moves quickly.
The service is polite and friendly.
They went above and beyond.
The chase bank staff is great.
This review is being entered in the aftermath of hurricane florence.
My daughter's family was forced to evacuation from jacksonville nc.
My daughter, son-in-law and 16 month old grandson left with what the could pack in a jeep.
They've been with me for a week and cannot return for another week.
I've run low on money in the bank and withdrew money for my fidelity account.
I have auto deposit on my work paycheck and social security check.
I've banked with bb&t for 3 years, about two years at this branch.
The people at the branch i had in virginia were super nice and helpful.
This counter people at this branch are insensitive, too lazy to look up my deposit history and very slow.
Guess i'm looking for a new bank!
Im not sure why they only had 2 bankers working during a friday because that dosent make any sense.
Yelp and website shows bank is opened until 4pm on saturdays.
Arrived at 2:15pm and bank is closed!!
I only gave this credit union one star because i had to... they don't even deserve that.
Their website is very awkward to  maneuver, yet when one calls to get help the representatives are nearly always unhappy.
There are never solutions to issues, only more roadblocks.
I will never do business with them again after this car loan is paid off.
Worst experience ever in every way!!!
I politely noted that i think i was next as i've been waiting, before they arrived.
She rudely snapped her neck and looked at me and said wry rudely   um did you make an appointment?
With her eyebrows raised and face scowled.
She then took her appointment to her cube.
The teller told me to have a seat but never informed me of the policy either.
I started yelling that i wanted her manager now.
She said no i can't do that, you need an appointment, you will have to come back.
She said i can't help you, next in line please!!!!
This really didn't effect me much so i rolled with the changes.
However it effected my boyfriend, who at the time was a nevada federal member as well.
Of course he was disgusted by this, the concept of having to pay for customer assistance.
Clearly, as a customer, he was disposable...for $10.
I was charged $35 for a $5.00 transaction...you see where i am going with this.
I was in total charged $140 for $11.00 worth of purchases when my available balance already confirmed they were debited.
I left my message early in the day, still got no reply.
(continued on part 2 under one nevada credit union review)
We don't typically write reviews but this branch deserves it.
We recently moved to the scottsdale area and the bankers at this branch have been incredibly helpful since day one.
They've given us information to help us simplify our businesses and helped us with merchant services.
Deposits, wires, opening new accounts etc.
Have all been done quickly and efficiently.
We appreciate this branch a ton and will be back regularly!
Great card good phone service never have a problem.
They do not charge a fee if you go over balance
So i just prepare to hear their little speech and know that they will still help me.
(and free - if you are a member.
But i have been able to get around that on a few occasions.)
The bank manager here is outstanding too.
He is always friendly and very helpful.
The worst bank ever!
Hidden fees,  unresponsive management...
Nothing ever to feel like you matter as a customer.
My go to lending team!!!
As a realtor, you need a lender you can trust and count on.
Tim george and his team are the ones!
They communicate every step of the way!
If you are looking to purchase or refinance i wouldn't hesitate to give them a call.
Remove your money from bank of america....worst bank out there.
Taking my money and running from them
They need to post a notice or pass out a handout staying what documents they can notarize.
Wasted my time and left me irritated.
I'm thinking i'll cut up my us bank credit card!
Always a long line with only one teller.
Come on and schedule 3 tellers so you have coverage for breaks!
Complete run around by staff!
I'm endanger of losing my earnest money deposit because of their inefficiencies and lies.
Never been lied to by any company as much these guys!!
Do yourself a favor and take your business else where, wish i'd read the reviews first.
Been a member for 15 years.
I absolutely love one nevada credit union!
They've worked with me financially for years and margaret mims is amazing!
This location is the credit card underwriting office for usaa, not a branch of the main federal savings bank.
If i could give this bank and over all rating - it would be zero!!!!!
They'll tell you that you can get off of it within 6 months but that's a lie.
They are very sneaky and will do anything for more money.
Do not get an account with wella fargo!!!!!!!!!!
They prey on small customers who are charged with excessive fees.
It's sad that our hometown credit union has taken a play from the big banks.
Located nearby to the headquarters, this uw credit union is a decent credit union for all your banking needs.
Along with greeter front desk to route where you need to go next.
The line for the tellers are decent and moves relatively quickly.
The restrooms are also very clean and modern.
There's also a cute play table for kids in the corner with small chairs to play while waiting.
Quite adorable with some children books to keep kids occupied.
There's a station for free coffee and water.
If i was able to put no stars i would...usaa has horrible customer service.
I was hit by one of their insured customers and i get nothing but the run around.
They accepted liability, it was no question that it was not their fault.
They do not follow up with the shop to see where the estimate is.
They do not put any effort in trying to get your claim resolved at all.
If i was looking for insurance, usaa would not be in one of my choices.
I was a bofa gal when i was in ca, but have since become a chase gal in nv.
They first got me with their credit cards, specifically the sapphire and now reserve.
But of all the branches i've been to, this one does have really good customer service.
The banker i spoke to was patient and courteous when i asked my 101 questions.
He even gave me good referrals for insurance and security.
If you need a bank and relationship manager/bankers, go to this location.
I will admit they seem to have gotten rid of the snooty tellers and it's okay.
The drive-thru opens at 7:30a and closes at 6pm.
In the end, i'm in and i'm out.
Some things could improve with regards to loans and underwriting but i'm loyal, overall.
I opened a checking account with usaa and was offered free checks.
I paid $26 for 2 day shipping and the checks arrived in five days.
However, the checks usaa provided did not have a carbon copy backing.
I called usaa and they said that carbon copy backing costs $20.
So, i went up three levels in their complaint resolution process.
They kept telling me they heard me, but said no to my request at every level.
The last person i spoke to was anders, senior advisor, management team.
He even suggested that i go get checks at costco.
I was surprised that usaa would have absolutely no interest in repairing relationships with a thirty year customer.
It was an issue of principle.
I was on the phone for 35 wasted minutes.
I do not usually write reviews or complain, but this would have been so simple to remedy.
They treated me as if they could care less.
Impossible to talk to a human.
They are awessone in there.
Margret mims is the best!
Very helpful and curtiuos to all of their members.
Zero communication, lying about sending emails to realtors to keep them in the loop on the pre-qual process.
I was dealing with mn in the dallas group, zero, and i mean zero follow up.
I was the one calling, emailing, etc.
I was being told i will call you in five minutes, you will have it in ten minutes.....
Stay away from them!
Unprofessional and completely inexperienced.
All around great people.
Patient and friendly always looking out for the best interests of clients.
Glad i switched over from my previous agent.
Have had nothing but positive experiences with gary garrett and his office staff.
Chase is a terrible bank in general but this branch is particularly slow.
I waited for over 40minutes to have a new card printed.
Because they were "swamped"... no you're understaffed and slow moving.
Im truly hoping chase goes out of business soon bc my partner refuses to leave this crapshoot.
I wish i'd read the reviews before i opened an account here.
Same shady fees, different bank.
I have been using this location for years and i have never had any issues.
The staff has always been very friendly and always answers any questions i ever have.
The only drawback to this location is the parking.
The parking spots only hold about 8 cars and during the day it's difficult to find a parking.
I have been going to this bank for about a year now.
Staff is always friendly, i had a charge they reversed, and the managers are great.
They always take care of me when i show up needing a lot of change on short notice.
Of all the chase bank locations i've been to (which includes several states), this location is by far my favorite.
The staff here is friendly, professional and efficient.
I've never had to wait more than a minute, and the staff always processes my transaction quickly.
At other locations i get frequently annoyed at how the staff forces small talk.
They notice my out of state id, etc.
And start chatting me up.
I don't have that problem at this location however.
The staff is kind and makes me feel welcome but they don't waste my time and i really appreciate that.
They have a drive thru, a drive thru atm and an additional atm inside.
If you like chase (which i do), this location is one worth visiting.
There is no one else sitting in the waiting area with me and it is not busy at all .
Ridiculous to have to wait this long to get noticed as a customer .
After being a customer of jack's for over 40 yrs i am moving on to another local state farm agent.
Is what he yelled and i told him i jost got home and was in the process now.
Needless to say its time to hit the road jack!!!!
I love my bank.
I have a problem one phone call and they got it.
Banking with them is so simple for me.
My go to bank, 15 min walk.
Staffs are helpful and friendly.
Good location for everyone in the area.
Lots of restaurants around the area and family owned stores.
Not happy with this location....
I had to deposit a check for which i needed the funds immediately.
In accordance with their bank guidelines i can deposit checks like i normally do and expects no holds.
I was treated like a scam artists trying to cash bad checks.
While employees literally gawked at me as i attempting to get this thing cleared up....
Very slowso many people for waiting but banker only talk each other without help anyonewaste our timesvery bad place
I was tired of paying such a high interest on my car loan i decided to refinance.
He answered all of my questions and made the entire process quick and easy!
They offer great incentives and i walked out with a super low rate.
Staff is very helpful and super friendly
State farm covered me for 10 years with out having any claims and all payments on-time.
All i can say is drop this garbage insurance.
It didn't take long to find they do this all the time.
Tomorrow i will be removing my families vehicles and boat from their coverage.
I have to mention...the customers who come here are chatty and slow.
Good location and staff are super friendly.
Downsize is only one atm inside but there is a drive thru atm.
Busy on fridays and long weekends.
Clean stores and financial advisors are super knowledgeable and friendly.
5 stars if staffing levels were better and extra inside atm.
This review is for the us bank not inside the smith's (but shares a parking lot).
4550 address is not the one inside the smith's.
4600 is the address for the one inside the smith's.
Anyway, i've been coming here for well over 4 years now as my main us bank branch.
I've seen many employees come and go.
I not once have ever been met with rudeness or any attitude.
The customer service here is always excellent.
They care about their customers here, and it shows!
Highly recommend if you are a student or in the military.
They are the worst credit union in arizona.
From the president who never answers either phone calls or responds to emails  to the manager at this branch.
He is an absolute nightmare to work with for any problem you may encounter to everyone in between.
I went in person  to the tellers and withdrew $800.
Arizona federal gave me a counterfeit $100.
Of course they denied it and took back their counterfeit and i lost $100.
They need to be shut down.
Now they have to verify that the car is insured.
I am doing more work for this stupid loan then my loan with navy federal.
My first and last loan with wellsfargo.
They have been a headache since i bought the car.
I am seriously thinking of finding another bank to refinance  with.
It isn't not my fault that my insurance is so hard to get a hold of.
Adam, hannah and team were so helpful from the start.
We were first-time home buyers and weren't super familiar with the process.
Every time i called bay equity though someone was there to answer the phone and had great customer service.
Just genuinely looking out for us.
We were so lucky to have his knowledge, our rate would have been at least 1% higher without him!
On top of that, we had no fear whatsoever that our loan would close on time.
I appreciated working with them and definitely recommend them as people you can trust!
One nevada and monica martin helped me with a signature loan.
The amount i asked for was not granted due to my earnings.
They had a counter offer and i gladly accepted.
I did not know counter offers even existed.
Monica martin at the bonanza location was a key factor.
She communicated with me quickly and had paperwork signed and sealed in a week and only took 5 min.
Monica should be recognized for her caring about members  and her professionalism.
Thank you to both k.
This bank needs to staff more bankers!
One banker at all times?!
The tellers are friendly but seriously... please hire more bankers!!!!!
This wells fargo was one of the last to open under the wachovia nameplate.
Shortly thereafter the conversion was complete.
It's clean and the staff has always been very pleasant.
The center is easy to access and nicely laid out.
The branch manager is knowledgeable, personable and professional.
I handle all of my branch banking needs there and we even rent one of their safe deposit boxes.
I know that you will enjoy doing business with her.
The manager at the eastern office, i believe her name is vivian, needs to get training in customer service, asafp.
Maybe that's why she's a manager.
Those who can, do; those who can't, manage.
If you're not a member there, she makes you feel like you're not worthy to talk to.
I have been banking with onenevada for over 34 years.
Financial service rep margaret mims is amazing.
Very friendly, helpful and always eager to solve any issues i have.
Would not recommend using onenevada for any real estate or home mortgage needs though.
I give them one star for service here.
Trying to get through to any of the loan officers is impossible!!
They are either not available, busy or on vacation.
I made a comment on their facebook page and a manager had another loan officer call me.
They have been very helpful and happy for my business.
Avoid this location at all cost.
If you need anything more than basic deposits and withdrawals, go to another branch.
I'm speaking from a lot of experience and keep thinking the service can't be this bad consistently but it is!
Go to the branch right up the street and you'll get completely different service
I rarely write scathing reviews, but i felt compelled due to the shear lack of competency at this branch.
The tellers have absolutely no sense of urgency and the customer service is wholly unimpressive.
I won't be returning to this branch to say the least.
Adam took the time on a weekend to go over all my options of purchasing a new home with me.
I am excited to work with adam and his team and would refer all my family and friends to him.
The boles team has been available to me whenever i needed to ask questions which is very rare these days.
We had a recommendation on this company from a few people.
Our loan went smoothly thanks to ken sarna and his team at jfk.
There are never enough tellers here.
I express my frustrations yo the 2-3 greeters out front and they mildly chuckle and apologize.
But no one is fixing the problem.
Don't come to this branch if you are in a hurry.
Paid off my car a full year early.
Called today and guess what?
They went on ahead and sent it to my deceased grandmother's vacant home which is two hours away.
No sympathy, no remorse, no apologies.
I've been a customer for almost 30 years.
Why did i stay??
Trust me, after today i'm done!!!!
Every interaction is a nightmare.
Even betty at the harbour office went through the four phone calls without success.
Trust me...letters to everyone above craig are forthcoming to point out his obvious incompetent.
Why is anyone their customer?
I know i've finally learned my lesson-the hard way.
On a monday at lunchtime, i walked in to make a quick withdraw....
I immediately acknowledged that was a fairytale.
Mind you, there were 4 bankers sitting at their desks, entertaining each other with idle chit-chat.
I had to say something (in attempts to represent us customers).
Plus this is scottsdale and there were no offerings of water, or tea and crumpets for that matter.
This branch is a joke.
The snippy little spanish girl with glasses is always rude.
One time, ok you're obviously having a bad day, but every time i go in there.
Not ok. every time i go in, i hand them my id and a deposit slip.
That's what you need to verify its you.
She asks if i have a debit card.
No, i never do bc debit card pins are easy to steal.
If i had a debit card on me i would use the atm.
I even wrote the name of which account to deposit in, you can name your accounts.
That wasnt good enough, i need the last 4 numbers of the account.
I tell her i don't remember them.
So she says she'll write it down and i can keep it with me.
Yes please can i walk around with a piece of paper i may use once a month.
Excuse me is what i should say?
What is she being paid for?
Use her little computer and fill in the blanks.
I've been with us bank for 15 years!
I have plenty of options for banks.
Especially with the amount i just deposited??
Do not get lippy with your loyal customers!
I have banked with usaa for over seven years.
They are hands down better than any local bank.
They treat us like family.
We apply for all of our loans on our phone and have an approval fairly quickly.
We don't have their insurance, so i cannot vouch for that, but all other services are great.
I believe this location is just a satellite office that offers very little service.
But why even go there?
I take photos of my personal checks and deposit via mobile.
She asked me personal questions, wasn't even helpful, and nor did she resolve the problem at hand!
Very disappointed with usaa!
Absolutely the friendliest staff and great service i love aloha pacific great cd special!
Megan and the management have always helped with whatever i've needed.
This is the best branch ever!
Aubrey has the best customer service!
She is a teller at the bank and always takes care of all my account needs!
Joe is the loan officer!
He was amazing to work with answered all mine and my husbands questions and was very easy to work with!
Tiffany runs this branch very well!
The people were super on the ball and i was shocked when i read the reviews.
I worked with rachel, head of business development, this young lady was so professional and easy to work with.
This event was to get to know their customers.
Once a customer came in they were greeted with a smile and these employees were working past 5 and smiling.
The business is clean, attractive and inviting.
Please give them another opportunity.
Carmen martinez the branch managerwas so understanding.
Amazing cs she cashed my check.
Now i can pay my bills on time.
Amazing service every time!
Everyone is always smiling and asking if you need anything.
Absolutely wonderful customer service!
It it's easier just to use the few atms on the outside the bank.
It's safe because there's always lots of policeman around.
This branch is one of the only two in las vegas that can give you a checkcard on the spot.
I zipped over during my lunch break.
The banker was super sympathetic and helped me get a card right then and there.
Helped ease my stress a ton.
10$ for a cashier's check.
This is why i'm closing my account and going to a local credit union.
I have been going to this branch for about 2.5 years.
I have always had friendly service.
They have been accommodating even for some of my oddball requests.
The manager has also been helpful and i have seen her jump to help me whenever she was able.
Been with one nevada for 4 years now.
I really enjoy banking here.
Don't even deserve 1 star.
Most rudest un knowledgeable staff i have ever felt with.
I had 4 pounds of sterling silver.
You guy's advertise you pay the most and can prove it?
I can prove you wrong.
Which was only 45 dollars.
You are taking more than half of the profit.
Which now because of your dickish staff, you lost out big time.
Awful awful awful customer service.
Their phone representatives lack any degree of professional customer service skills.
When you do that, they send you a letter back saying they can't help you.
That's pretty bad considering this issue was their mistake and they refused to acknowledge or fix it.
They can't even process a due date change and the process for this on their website does not work.
So far, so good.
I'm opening a new account.
Everyone has been super friendly and helpful.
More so than my other bank who shall remain nameless.
*cough...wells fargo*  i was helped by lisa, a trainee, and margaret her trainer.
Lisa didn't stumble with her words while helping me.
No waiting 5-7 business days for "the real" card.
Annnnd...i was given treats while i waited...and it wasn't those nasty suckers that other banks give out.
I think this may be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Review for merchant services....
I come in to make deposits for the company from time to time.
The staff here is friendly and professional !!
They move quickly and treat you like you and your time are important!!
Thank you for this !!!!
Love mary and her team!
They are always so helpful and willing to go the extra mile!
This bank has the longest lines of any bank of america i have ever gone to in town.
The parking lot is always crowded.
The tellers are slow.
The drive thru atm line is long and slow and people often the line for the drive thru atm.
The drive thru atms are usually being serviced.
I will never be using this branch ever again.
Everyone is so friendly and helpful!
She's professional, timely and and always responds to me in a timely manner.
Casey is definitely on top of it!
I arrived at about 3:05, almost a full hour before the bank was to close.
I couldn't believe the branch was even open.
The "information desk" was closed and unstaffed.
There were three women working behind the main desk, but none were helping customers.
I waited some more.
The person in front of me waited.
Finally, the woman in front of me was helped.
I waited some more.
The other two employees talked to one another and looked at papers.
I waited some more.
Finally one of the women called me over and asked how she could help.
I said i wanted to open an account.
"well, we might have someone who can help you.
The whole loan process could not have gone any smoother.
She is very upfront and honest with all fees and timelines.
Everything was nothing short of spectacular.
Thanks so much casey!
You would think they would have more before the holiday.
Further the manager tries to covinve all to use the atm.
They think customers are stupid and do not know that the atm only gives $20 bills.
Why do i bank with boa?
This branch has a convenient drive-up business window, but it is rarely open.
They then make all business customers wait in the same line as regular customers.
Would definitely recommend wells fargo instead.
Wells fargo has a dedicated business line that is always quick.
I don't have the power to change the bank that my company uses.
I mean c'mon really?!?!?!
Even with customers grumbling and complaining help is non existent.
The worst thing for me is the tellers are the ones who have the nerve to give you attitude!
Hmmm since when has this been an accepted norm?
As much as possible i don't go in the branch for that very reason, majority mobile and online.
It is a huge hassle though when we do go.
Not surprised that others commented on poor customer service at this location.
Morning on 8/29/18 (today) stared blankley at me as i waited to be called up.
Then when i was called up was not greated with a smile and or hello, just an attitude.
I understand work can be hard at times but these women obviously hate their jobs and people in general.
They should not be working in customer service.
Went to open a checking and savings account today.
They only have 1 person available to do that and only take appointments.
1 person on a saturday when people are off?
You've lost my business chase....
Today was my first and last visit.
Some lady who sounded scottish, first attempted to help with a slight attitude i did not at all appreciate.
"how can i help you" "i need to make a mortgage loan payment."
"ok..''  long pause as i set the money on the counter.
'do you have the account number'  no.
Then with a heavy sigh and an attitude, she replied "ok then lets start with what you do have."
So i snapped back.. "the money."
As she gets her manager..  'she doesnt have any information and she wants to make a mortgage payment.'
So miss manager now partakes in this inconvenient situation.
She tells me that without my name on the account and without an account number she cannot accept the money.
Her response 'well we cant do that.'
'well those locations are not following procedure.'
I highly doubt that.
Which i did by the way.
Thanks for nothing, margarita.
Most of the time there are no lines.
Office is nice & clean.
Staff are always helpful & friendly.
Associate justin is awesome!
Absolutely the worst - do not bank with these people.
And whatever you do don't use the atm at the bank.
Half way through the transaction the atm displays "temporarily out of service" and it has not returned my card.
When i alert the bank teller she says, "oh was it a us bank card?"
I say no and she says, "well it does that sometimes."
I say are you kidding me - why would you ever let anyone use this atm then.
Btw - at home contacted my bank and the card services and they confirm nothing was wrong with the card.
Just horrific experience with us bank - stay away from these idiots!
Staff here are slow.
If you bank here on a daily bases, they'll recognize you.
You have yo repeat yourself several times before they get what you are trying to do.
No more business teller, makes it difficult for business owners to do banking.
Bankers are rude & never follow up on any disputes.
Got a pre approval from these guys last year while relocating to vegas.
As in, they just fell off the face of the earth.
No calls or emails returned, nothing.
We ended up having to find  another lender in a hurry and thankfully we were able to close a deal.
But not thanks to this company.
Worst and most bizarre experience ever.
Our loan "agent" was kc mccool, but not cool at all.
Avoid at all costs unless you like stress.
I spoke one other person the next day & she said the same.
Each time i call i need to go thru various departments.
Any refinance word, gets transferrd to acct manager.
Better not waste time by calling them.
Read this letter that "tina" send me today!!
I work for a major airline who merged this week and honestly forgot!!
I will be posting my findings soon!!
Watch out...just like almost everyone on this site says!!
Here we go....read at your own risk!!
:)  dear debra,    please call maximum title loans, llc regarding your past due payment.
If we do not hear back from you, our collections department is required to contact your references.
The maximum jail sentence may be greater if the defendant has a prior criminal record.
The court may also impose a fine of no more than $150,000.
**  your maximum representative, tina
And amazing and great!
It was an easy and, dare i say, fun experience.
Thank you, margaret, for making it an easy process.
Worst customer service ever.
He's also a racist moron who can't even do his job right.
I wish i had gotten his name so i could report his despicable ass.
He had the nerve to act condescending when a lady was getting racist comments from a nasty geezer.
From the get-go the customer service was excellent.
We were greeted as soon as we walked in the bank, offered water and made quite comfortable.
Three separate bankers approached us to ensure we were being taken care of.
We opened an account and found the process to be quite easy, and for banking, surprisingly painless.
We have additional meetings set up to discuss some issues like refinancing our mortgage or perhaps even new vehicle.
This experience was excellent, and mirrors all the previous experiences i had when they were servicing a different account.
I am very glad we made the decision to move our money to wells fargo.
They were friendly to my pup and engaged in pleasant conversation.
I've been banking with this bank for over 20 years.
I went through all the changes from when it was home savings and so forth.
This branch at this location the staff is way rude, racist, and lazy.
Be very, very wary of a banker that tells you that.
I work in a bank and would never tell a customer that.
Love this bank and all the people whom work here!
Andrew h is exceptional.
Every time i returned to this branch, he would remember my name and it ask about my day.
You do not find customer service like that in 2018.
If all bmo harris bank employees and policies were as customer centric, i would likely still be a customer.
They are the worst loan service i've ever had.
They call a week before your payment is due to make sure you will pay the payment.
I have never been late one payment and the payment is due on the 14th of the month.
They will not take a payment in their own, you have to call or schedule the payment online every month.
Their customer service is horrible and they have no clue what is going on.
After repeating my various grievances i just asked her to close my account.
All in all, their customer service is non existent.
I just bought a house in the madison area (relocating from colorado).
My realtor recommended oak bank for my mortgage, and i'm so glad he did.
They were extremely fast with their decisions and made sure everything went smoothly.
Carrie montgomery was so friendly and helpful.
She answered all my questions and returned phone calls right away.
My email account cut out on me the day of the close.
I was freaking out i was going to miss something important.
Carrie made sure everything went off without a hitch.
I will definitely use oak bank again.
My wife and i just recently switched our banking services to us bank.
The process of opening our new account was quick and easy.
We had the pleasure of working with tiffany and leah today.
They were both super nice!
This location will be our main branch and we look forward to doing business with you guys.
I came to nevada state bank after the customer service at my former back went south.
I have had nothing but great experiences with this bank.
Their loan department is great and very easy to work with.
I have had no issues with my accounts with this bank.
Everytime i come to deposit checks i have to wait at least 15 minutes.
Don't go on saturday mornings.
They have one teller working.
He even has other employees helping him.
I am not sure he knows what he is doing.
They need to have more people working here that actually know what they are doing.
This us bank location is inside the smith's grocery.
We first started coming here just every now and then to hit up the atm after grocery shopping.
We had lukewarm service at the stand-alone branch and prefer to go into the store branch.
The ladies that work there are very friendly and professional.
We have never had any issues with customer service or accounts.
I recently had my wallet stolen and had to change everything over.
First thing i did was call this branch to take care of my needs.
Kristen is the one who answered my call and took care of all of my acocunts.
I then had to go to the bank to sign some paperwork, which she did not delay on at all.
This branch is definitely our location of choice whenever we need something more than an atm can offer.
I have had all my insurance with mary contreras for the past 20 years.
Mary knows her stuff and knows how to direct you and keep you safe while address all your needs.
Recently someone backed into me in a parking lot and it was a saturday.
If you are thinking of getting insurance, look nowhere else but mary contreras.
Herself and her staff are top notch!!
Just started using this convenient bank as it has an external atm.
Not my usual pnc but it is more convenient in the northern wexford area near i79.
F8 and be there.
Good service  i've been a member of the credit union for a very long time.
So far, it's been going very well.
I have a checking, savings, and ira account so i go to the credit union fairly often.
The staff are always helpful and friendly.
The facilities are quite nice.
Overall, i would recommend this credit union, over big banks.
I feel like the people here really have my best interest in mind.
I've never had any problems.
I don't normally write reviews, but recently i was at oncu and was really impressed with the customer service.
I was helped by marco wibowo.
I was looking for auto loan information and he jumped to help me and answered all my questions.
I walked away knowing more than when i walked in.
I'll be back for sure.
The interest rates were good, but the customer service was stellar.
I went to this location bank when they just opened this morning.
I had cash/check from my husband(he has an account at this bank, but i dont).
The lady at counter wasnt friendly at all!
Didnt even say anything responded when i said hi & good morning!
She told me to cash out check it cost $7!
This bank is ridiculously bad service!
No wonder my husband is not happy with this bank.
Niw i see my own eyes how their service!
I would ever have an account from them!
I wish i can give this bank only o stars !
Don't deserve even 1!
West bank, your service is sucks!
I dont recommended to put money at thus bank!
Go to other bank!
Best mortgage lender i have ever dealt with!
Tim and his team were so helpful, answered all of my questions and were very professional.
So i had to get at the back of the line and waited 20 mins.
Drive though for cash.
Pnc is a stalwart for the region.
Went in yesterday for an appointment with tony g. we opened an account for my son.
The young man who greeted us was very welcoming and kind.
Tony was also very kind and was helpful the whole appointment.
Normally not very impressed with this location but yesterday they definitely changed my opinion about this location!
We went to this branch to pay off a car loan with funds from my buyer.
I was treated like a criminal from the moment i walked in the door.
They asked me to remove my hat and sunglasses (i wasn't wearing sun glasses).
I understood and complied.
The tellers became  nasty and again insisted that i remove my hat.
My face was fully exposed, not sure what the issue is.
I felt that i was treated this way base of he color of my skin.
My asian buyer was treated the same way and was insulted as well.
Worst customer service ever.
I will not do business with them again.
The worst branch on the planet after waiting 25 minutes i finally walked out.
They only have one person i can ever help you.
Whatever you do do not go to this branch.
This is my bank.
It is the local branch i frequent.
They have good customer service, and they also have a notary.
Some of the other branches don't.
As long as i bank at chase, i will continue to bank here.
Kylee and shelly were very professional, helpful, courteous and friendly.
I felt very comfortable and they made me feel okay.
They patiently explained to me everything that went on with my auto loan and gave me everything that i needed.
I would recommend kylee for anyone who needs an auto loan.
Thank you kylee and shelly.
As i am fairly new to the city of pittsburgh coming from ny i needed a local bank account.
I decided on pnc as they have both personal and business accounts and there are no fees.
I said i was interested in opening an account and they said it would just be a few minutes.
The staff where super friendly and very helpful.
I am glad i choose this bank.
I've never experienced the drive through banking at this location but i never really see people waiting.
I have always loved this bank... until now.
Opened a homeowners claim for a downed fence.
After the run around regarding the repairs now we can't get an answer on the claim since they are busy.
Two weeks and counting meanwhile i have a fence propped up and i'm still paying the premium.
Yeah, what the other person said....
I tried to cash a check today for a lot of money.
She informed me she could not cash it because the "pay to the order of" section said ife a.
She proceeded to inform me that it has to say "or", or else they can't cash it.
He goes, "didn't the teller at the bank tell you that?!?"
I knew i should have gone to the us bank by my place.
They are much better.
I only go to this location because it's nright accross the street from my school.
Worst bank on earth.
I will never use this piece of shit bank again.
I suggest everyone stay clear of any chase bank.
If i could give negative 10 stars i would.
This is for the bank in the parking lot --not the smith's.
I have been a customer for 7 years and always found the employees to be extra friendly and efficient .
My favorite employee is deondre templeton -- he  always helps me in special ways .
Worst costumer service ever from all wf banks.
No pens, tellers missed spelled everything, very slow.
Took almost 45 min to deposit check with only 2 persons in front of me.
Always helpful, always professional!
Even though i have moved from mcfarland i continue to use their services.
Too many other financial institutions to even consider nsb.
Their legal department is...oh wait, is there one there?
Or perhaps too above us to show their face to the lowly client.
Maybe it's a machine.
That must be it ....as no heart there baby!!!
This bank is a joke.
Maybe try having more staff scheduled to work.
Easy solution to an ever so common problem at bank
We have had our business insurance with don for years.
The price is great and the service we recieve is fantastic.
Fyi: you are not allowed to deposit cash into another person's account.
I was not able to deposit $250 cash into my mom's checking account.
Chase does not care about the customer.
And don't say it's the war on terror!
How many terrorists did you see?
Stop listening to the bullshit.
Live, be kind, lend a hand, be someone who people like and trust.
Excellent service provided by marlene.
She has always provided friendly, helpful advice and assistance.
I strongly recommend dealing with this state farm insurance office.
Margaret gave the best service i have received in a credit union for as long as i can remember.
She was nice, courteous, and got me in and out the door.
I would recommend going to see her or any of the other members at the credit union.
Best insurance company in pittsburgh.
I have been working with chad and his office staff for 3 years and they are excellent.
I highly recommend them.
The bank itself is a five star for great service, but the parking...ugh...
It's in a very busy strip mall and parking is usually full.
Expect to hunt for a space and probably park far away.
The absolute worst company i have ever dealt with.
I'm not even a member.
Just trying to get title to a trailer i paid cash for by paying off a loan of the seller's.
I own it outright.
They balked at fed ex delivery of a corrected one-but finally agreed to do so.
It was supposed to arrive tuesday.
It's now thursday night and no title.
Still on hold after 40 minutes.
They 'neglected' to write down the fed ex tracking number-translation- they never sent it.
Staff is very nice, and friendly.
Went in to open an account, and it was so fast and easy, i actually had a blast.
A nice change of pace compared to some other banks.
Hours on yelp & website has been updated.
After a year of banking at this location i found the tellers to be very accommodating and courteous.
Always the worst customer service.
They are too busy looking at their computer screens to pay attention to the people standing in here waiting!
I can't wait to change banks!!!
I hate this branch!!!!
Two us bank employees working but only one of them is helping customers.
The other one just played on her phone.
When asked if she could do a quick deposit she refused.
What should have been 30 second transaction by an employee who was not otherwise busy took over ten minutes.
Will not come back here again.
The employee helping customers was very nice but was overworked due to the other's laziness.
We use them for business banking and they have been wonderful to work with.
Horrible attitudes, zero customer service, and a general lack of caring about anything.
No wonder chase keeps adding more and more kiosks...because the humans here are utterly worthless at their "job".
Update...went back to the branch to try again.
This happened on a different date and time.
I was treated worse the second time.
Told point blank that i would not be helped with a shared transfer because i wasn't a member.
Expect bad customer service at this branch.
The manager at the eastern office, i believe her name is vivian, needs to get training in customer service, asafp.
Maybe that's why she's a manager.
Those who can, do; those who can't, manage.
If you're not a member there, she makes you feel like you're not worthy to talk to.
Banked with arizona federal for more than 20 years.
They stopped shared branching and closed every location within 10 miles of me.
Their after hour customer service is atrocious.
I never wanted to go to a commercial bank, ever, but azfcu's latest actions haven't left me much choice.
If you're looking for a federal credit union, and stuck on joining one, there are better options available.
After 21 or 22 years, i'm done with them.
It used to be very convenient and their customer service was unparalleled.
I don't know if management turned over, but it's a very different bank that i want out of.
I've only ever been a fcu member; this bank has become unbearable.
Kyle miller my car loan officer was a great help in getting my financing completed.
Very nice,  offered help over and above to make as smooth as possible
They welcomed me with open arms and the customer service is great!
Always make sure to make an appointment!
Another case of big corporate quasi govt too big to care and "too big to fail" place.
The service here is slow.
Only one teller working.
Funny - the last time i was in.
There was one teller and a long line.
Hmmmmm...  lots and lots of not busy chase blue shirt payroll walking and/or sitting around handling nothing.
Step in and handle the line of customers?
Lots of heavy supervision.
You never see this in a thriving small business.
Used to love this place.
It's gone so downhill this year though.
I thought there must be a mistake, so i found my paperwork that i got when i opened that card.
I was shocked to see it does state interest will be charged on purchases but not on transfers.
Regardless, why wasn't i made aware of that by the teller before i started using my card?
Is there no one there smart enough to be certified?
This institution is making money off me hand over fist and the receptionist tells me to go to ups.
I won't say where i want bank of america to go.
My advice - go elsewhere.
The staff are always friendly and helpful, it is never that crowded.
Kyle is so incredibly nice and helpful!
Its really nice to walk into a large business and be remembered!
Highly recommend banking with 1 nevada!
A bank opening at 10am ???
All other boa's open at 9am ... what is so special about this place that they open,later ?
Major inconvenience ... poor hours , take your money elsewhere ...
This place is awesome.
I came in today, to get my vehicle refinance.
They offered me a great deal, i couldn't refuse.
The personal there, are friendly & feels homebody to me...
Especially, the rep. margaret... got some laughs & explained the process very well to me...
I definitely recommend, if your looking for a local bank, that makes you feel at home.
Looking forward to my future endeavours with them.
We recently closed a home refinance with adam and his team.
The entire process went very smoothly and communication was proactive.
This is our second loan closed with bay equity and we will use them again in the future.
Highly recommend this firm!
This bank needs lots of help.
Wife went in ahead of me so we can open an acct.
(new business for them) only 1 person handles that and she needs a lesson on customer service.
Went to wells fargo in same shopping center and what a difference!
Hate giving bad reviews but i got to keep it real.
I'm giving chase 0 stars.
They don't deserve even one star.
Their customer service stinks.
They don't even understand the concept of customer service.
What they do know is how to play the "blame" game.
All they are concerned with is going home on time.
Every issue that i have ever had with chase has been met with nothing but incompetence.
They can't even process and send out a new debit card without messing something like that up.
And the whole reason that they had to issue a new debit card was their fault in the first place.
This is just one of many issues that i have had to deal with chase.
It just seems that all chase is interested in is getting you to open accounts with them.
Once they have you signed up then they don't do anything to make sure that you stay a satisfied customer.
Clayton is the best business banker!
Never a wait and very helpful.
I literally drive 15 min out of the way to come to this branch.
Very slow not customer friendly no parking not very nice tellers.
Drive thru is insanely slow long process
My request was rejected.
Yes, capital one's customer service representative followed by their supervisor  declined my request.
Though i always pay more than the minimum payment, my request was declined!
Guess they need my fee to pay their celebrity spokesman's tv ads.
I will be transferring my account balance from capital one to a creditor that appreciates my business.
* please know i've never been 30 days late with a payment.
Thanks from a disappointed customer!
If there was a zero star i would have given them this.
This banker kenneth is gold!
Thank you for making my name change so smooth and an enjoyable process!
Most branches are doing away with drive thru so either you go in and wait forever or find another bank.
I would highly recommend gregorini state farm to anyone looking for insurance.
Unfortunately i don't live in pa anymore or i would still have my insurance with him.
What a shitty place.
Good job with having a shredded american flag, been about 6 months or more having it up.
Told them multiple times.
They could care less, glad i don't use this bank.
Just go to chase!
They always have a nice clean flag, unlike these asshats.
People there are also shit.
So it makes sense!
Don't waste your time!
Great bank to do business with normally.
However, once you get your account hacked, good luck getting your online access back.
The best part is, i can't even get myself verified in person.
I mean, what's so novel about verifying who you are by showing up in person with some identification?
Weeks ago i dropped off an order for checks at this branch.
It was one of those reorder slips that is included in the check packet.
After going through a million prompts i was put on hold to talk to a customer service agent.
I then called the branch number.
After more prompts and being on hold for another 5-10 minutes i was patched through to a call center.
So that's 30 minutes i'll never get back and i have to start the process over.
The tellers are generally helpful here if you want to make a basic deposit or withdrawl.
But it's bad for just about anything else.
Another reviewer said the bank gave them a hard time when they tried to withdraw a large sum of money.
The same thing happened to me.
I wanted to withdraw $15k.
After i gave the teller my withdraw slip, a group of tellers and manager huddled and talked.
They acted like nobody had ever wanted to withdraw that sum of money before.
I'm getting mad all over again.
The boles team from bay equity is simply the best.
I have bought and sold several homes and i would never use any one else for a purchase loan again.
The process from beginning to end was seamless, professional, and just an over all great experience.
I would refer them to all!!
I'm in the business line 1st place and only 1 standing in the business line.
What's the point of having a business account, i already cancelled my merchant account with them from being dissatisfied.
I decided to give wells fargo a chance and continue to keep my business account with them.
Just next time honor the business line that's all.
The people were friendly and i really needed a wire transfer but they were not able to come through.
I was at the branch early and was told it would be there that same day!
I will not be going to this location again.
It was a mistake to try a different branch.
I do banking and insurance through usaa and i love their customer service.
If i could give more stars, i would!
The bank has not gotten back to me and it's almost 24 hours now.
Customer service is really poor
If your tired of being treated as an account number at your bank, you'll love arizona federal credit union.
The employees are friendly and helpful, and the president is responsive.
Sometimes only one teller while the other one is counting money and 13 people in line.
In february of 2016 i closed all of my accounts at wells fargo, business, personal and merchant.
I closed them, because i was told non truths.
Stay away from wells fargo bank.
I would like to say that i would give wells fargo bank a minus 10 stars if it was allowed.
Line out the door, 2 tellers, guy in a suit just walking around behind them.
Waited 45 minutes for a personal banker during my lunch break only to be told to come back at 2:30.
Then got another call saying it has to be moved to 4.
Either hire more personal bankers or make it clearly appointments only.
Staff was friendly, service extremely poor.
This was one of the best experiences we had with a loan officer.
Needless to say, we highly recommend casey moseman!
They are not friendly at all.
They let you wait in line only to tell you go see a banker who then puts several people ahead.
They're not worth my time.
Turns out the phone assistance isn't any better.
Reconsidering who i bank with.
They do have great customer service, they take care my money well, and i enjoy doing business with them.
I verified everything i could possibly can, but without any type of id they still couldn't give me anything..
One of the best branches i have been to.
I have been banking with one nevada credit union for 7 years.
Kyle at the summerlin branch is by far one of the most customer service oriented workers i have met.
He's assisted me on 2 separate occasions.
Very knowledgeable and always has a pleasant demeanor!!
I will be making this my go to branch ;-)
I have my auto loan with them and i have 3 other accounts with them.
The customer service at this location is top notch.
Teller gave me wrong amount of money.
This is after 10 minute wait for a teller.
So over chase bank!!
I opened an account and i was told that my first 3 months are free!
Then all of my online activity were't available basically the mobile app isn't working for me!
Went to check on my account history in person and found out that i have a total of $15 fess!
So i asked them to credit my money back and the manger (nicole) said no.
So i closed my account.
Save yourself and look somewhere else.
This bofa is the slowest i have ever been to.
I come here every month to pay my rent.
Its very slow and understaffed.
Bankers and managers are very knowledgeable.
They know what they're doing and they explain everything no hidden fees...
I recommend everyone to go to lvac location for your financial needs.
I could not have asked for a better lo and processor in doug turner and jaclyn niehaus with great western.
They made the entire process of buying my first 'big home' a walk in the park!!
You can not go wrong using great western.
Thanks you guys made for the best holidays!
This is the worst insurance company i have ever dealt with.
Excessive wait times and terrible customer service.
Overall, this appears to be a very poorly run company.
My wife in particular does not have an account here but i do.
The "manager" in a very condacending way said it was their policy and maybe she should open an account instead.
Now i am more inclined to believe this was a discriminatory judgement on management.
Ironically, we went to another b of a and successfully cashed the check.
He is giving bofa a new meaning...
I sent her my documents thru the shoot.
She partially completed my slip then sent it back to me to sign and finish.
On a friday, during rush hour, this is highly unheard of.
I would definitely use this drive up teller if i'm ever in this area again.
Location was nice, as most cibcs.
So i entered, it was a little dimly lit.
It could have been my eyes adjusting due to the bright sun outside, just in case.
The they greeted me when i entered and the teller was nice.
I would have liked that they had dividers between clients since you never know what will be discussed.
Confidentiality :p  aside from that, they are a-ok (lol)
A friend of mine asked them to deposit checks while they were absent.
Second time, i had the same argument with 3 managers and 2 clerks.
Bad attitude, no real customer service and i finally left.
This brach should be shut down.
Do not bank here.
The bankers are friendly people, but horrible bankers.
There's no communication between banks and the bankers don't know what they're doing.
I'd go out for a drink with them any day,  but they won't be handling my finances anymore.
Scammed out of $200.
Do not bank here.
She is truly passionate about helping her clients!
Mary is a genuinely caring person and goes above and beyond the call of duty for her clients.
I consider her a friend as well as my insurance agent.
I have now had my car and home insurance with mary for years and continue to value her expertise.
Most recently, mary went out of her way to help me resolve an issue i had with my hoa.
The issue was ultimately resolved successfully.
We recommend her highly for her expert knowledge, immediate assistance, and care that she demonstrated for us.
Money saved, lessons learned, and amazing results with my policies.
When i first walked into this cozy office, i felt relaxed and unintimidated.
State farm saved me so much money in comparison.
The education and detail i recieved from my extremely proffesional non-intimidating knowledgable agent was an awakening.
Jason mallon took the time to explain things to me , and not in a condescending manner.
Jason is the man to see.
He makes you feel relaxed and secure.
The outcome of my visit was satisfaction, dollarwise and trustwise.
I left with such a feeling of accomplishment and a security in my choice.
Thanks to jason and the jack mussey agency.
Now i can breath with easier lower payments for more coverage.
Check it out and see what they can do for you.
This branch is so slow, especially around 10 am to 2 pm.
Always seems to have 10 employees but only 3 windows open.
Random employees walking around saying "thanks for coming in today" "how's your day going".
My day was going well until i came in.
I recommend using the atm for every possible thing that  the atm dose, instead of going inside.
Most times customer service at this location has been good.
Hopefully this will get them to re-evaluate what's going on there.
Sadly, i must say i am disappointed with my main bank.
Could not ask for better & easier loan!
In addition, nicole rocks!!
It's a pleasure to watch that girl juggle!
They didn't have the best rates, but not terrible either.
Upon refinancing, they charged me a $25 fee.
After the amount i paid them, they apparently wanted more.
After emailing the vp, she explained what it was for and i questioned it, she didn't respond.
No more business for them and i hope everyone stays away.
Great location...or maybe dangerous because it's directly across the street from southpark mall.
Convenient drive up atm, but when are they not?
Great experience dealing with al lizarralde and michele townsend.
Al and michele were both clear, they explained what documents they needed and why they needed them.
They returned every single phone call and email.
I truly felt like this company had our best interests in mind throughout the process.
Thank you once again for the awesome customer service, that is rare.
The last 2 times i have been to this location the experience has been less than stellar.
Yesterday the wait time was bad with only 2 tellers.
Today they actually had 3 tellers.
I waited my turn and walked up to the window and mary nubel said get back.
By far the worst experience i have had at bank of america.
She should be talked to about her people skills.
She makes you feel very unwelcome.
I'm going to talk to my company about switching banks .
I was so angry, stomping mad when i made my way into this building today.
We have just transferred our state farm insurance from texas to arizona.
Hope at this location was a rockstar!!
She went  through our plan with us and helped us make the right decision about our insurance!
Fantastic working with this agent and his team!!
Thanks so much hope!
Well another good experience at the first bank i ever enjoyed going to.
Thanks scott husband you an amazing dude!!!!!
And thanks wells fargo for hiring people like scott husband.
I recently refinanced my auto loan with one nevada credit union.
I would like to commend margaret mims for her outstanding customer service.
Well, if you can get to a teller, they are typically pretty nice.
They always have one inside, and today with a line of 10, they were in the process of training another.
It is always a problem in this branch.
I watched one guy just walk out.
Meanwhile, they were walking people outside in the 107 degree weather to use an atm.
Worst bank i have ever had to deal with.
This bank is such a joke.
So many banks out there, save yourself the aggravation and do not let these crooks touch your money.
What a total fraud and rip off insurance company.
Our car was rear ended while sitting at a traffic light.
Usaa claimed 100 percent of the fault.
However we were offered about 2/3 of the value of our car.
A call to dispute their total loss figure went nowhere.
Now i'm told that our rental car needs to be returned today.
I have yet to receive the funds for the car.
I am without a car and no funds to replace it as yet.
This branch is beyond terrible!!!!
To make a simple deposit, the wait is at least 40 minutes.
I had to make three deposits and accidentally left two of my completed slips in my car.
There was no way in this world i was going to wait another hour to make my deposit.
These tellers have zero consideration for your time and i will be closing my accounts with them today.
Get it together bofa!!
I have been with another bank since beginning college 9.5 years ago.
I finally decided i needed to switch.
There were a few reasons i was drawn to pnc.
1) you can take dollar amounts out of their atm.
2) 3 bank accounts linked together-- spend (checking), reserve (savings) & growth (long term savings) .
No need to open 3 separate accounts  3) checking and savings have unlimited transfer.. something my current bank doesn't offer.
6 transfers then they charge you $10 to transfer your own money.. ugh.
Im excited to take advantages of all of the perks.
Was recommended bmo by a good friend and decided, why not?
It's seriously the best banking i have ever had!
He calls just to check in and i honestly don't know why i hadn't used bmo before.
I'll be staying for good.
Customer service at this branch is top-notch.
Welcoming, helpful, and invested.
Ricardo brown is the branch manager and he's an excellent banker.
Wouldn't want to sit down with anybody else for my banking needs.
Or really anybody at this branch.
I'd go a little out of my way just to do business at this branch.
Excellent experience every time.
Full disclosure:   this is not my personal bank, but i go often with family members who bank there.
The bank is clean, parking is plentiful and the lines move very quickly.
The tellers are friendly and efficient, and effort is put into a pleasant customer experience.
There are lollipops/suckers for kids of all ages at each of the teller windows, and the bathrooms are clean.
As a guest the few transactions i have conducted here have been 100 % positive.
I love this bank.
Super friendly, especially joshua.
They are very efficient and know the banking products.
I go here for business and have never been disappointed.
Boy, am i an unhappy usaa member.
Last night i contacted you usaa and the people i spoke with were really nice.
And nikki took most of the information from me.
She had access to 2 of my 3 credit reports, and she "ran" the information.
Yes, it went from a 768 to a 745 just because of the "hit" from usaa.
I find this appalling.
My advice to anyone who is thinking of using usaa for a mortgage is this: don"t do it.
Find another source that won't hurt your hard-earned credit score.
The last 2 times i have been to this location the experience has been less than stellar.
Yesterday the wait time was bad with only 2 tellers.
Today they actually had 3 tellers.
I waited my turn and walked up to the window and mary nubel said get back.
By far the worst experience i have had at bank of america.
She should be talked to about her people skills.
She makes you feel very unwelcome.
I'm going to talk to my company about switching banks.
My recent experience with this branch was amazing.
Darlene was the nicest, most thoughtful and professional person i've encountered in a long time.
Darlene was so understanding and patient with us and went above and beyond normal customer service.
She was so sweet and caring and made this difficult situation much easier.
Thank you so much.
For a hands on banking experience, i recommend this branch.
Darlene and erica and the rest of the staff will take great care of you.
I came in because someone suggested i try them for banking.
I looked up their yelp reviews and i am extremely glad i went to see them today.
He was kind and efficient with a great big smile.
I'm so glad i decided to bank with them.
I give 2 thumbs up to kyle.
If you care about your privacy or getting the service a bank should provide then donot bank here!
Do not get raechel as a teller she is slow.
It took her 15 minutes to do a  1500 deposit that i counted and turned.
No they can't produce debit cards if they don't plan and don't have spare supplies to make the cards.
Nextier bank is by far one of the best banks around.
I have even started the process in moving my personal accounts to nextier.
I have been with usaa since 2001 and i love them.
I have never had s bad experience with them.
They have always been great service and i love the app as well!
Wouldn't change banks i have had bad experiences with other banks!
The worst customer service i had in a long time...
I been a member for over 10 yrs and to be treated the way it was an outraged.
She tells me i have to pay a fee to obtain a new one,seriously?!
I didnt lose it , damage it ect and have to pay because its defective.
And its  not so much how much it is but the fact i have pay for something i cant control?
I dont think it reflects well when a big bank provides this type of service and product.
Wheres the customer service there?
I opened a savings account with dsfcu years ago and have to say, i really like this bank.
The branch staff are always friendly and process my deposits and payments quickly.
I eventually opened a credit card account with 0% financing to pay off some debt.
No issues with that, worked like a charm.
When alliant, another credit union that took on my car loan, completely failed me, i simply switched to dsfcu.
Ever since then i've had zero problems with car payments.
I've gone to the branch on 44th st and also had a positive experience.
I understand others have had negative experiences, and i sympathize.
However, based on my experiences, i recommend this bank and branch.
I've been a customer for 10 years.
I've had issues with the long lines, and wait times, but i've experience the same with chase.
In my experience over the last 10 years, arizona federal is actually easier to deal with than chase.
A couple of years ago they implemented a monthly membership fee of $3.
I wasn't happy, but i actually receive all of the money back at the end of the year in dividends.
They meet my needs, so i won't be closing any of my accounts.
I can't say that i would recommend them, but only because my banking needs with them are fairly simple.
Do not bank here.
Terrible mobile app and long lines for service.
Debit cards don't work at atm.
Not even there own.
Not really sure how to best summarize or review but here goes:   it serves it's purpose.
Such terrible counter service...every time.
I have banked with vwcu for 13 years...i started back when they were dm credit union in tucson.
Then i got divorced and moved to phoenix 1.5 years ago.
But the staff here is lethargic!!
It's almost comical, the "rules" they follow in order to inconvenience their customers.
Can't the tucson staff influence the people up here to have better customer service skills?
:(  i'm always very disappointed every time i go there, hence, why i'm finally complaining about it on yelp.
At least they have online banking...which is the only reason they even get two stars!
Thank you, you awesome bank of america atm.
Although you don't talk much, you provide extremely fast and efficient service.
I like that i don't get charged a fee to use you.
The fastest branch in town.
I was in and out in less than 2 minutes.
Clients like me appreciate good customer service.
I found myself at the afcu on s. 48th.
Walking through the doors i was immediately greeted by two employees offering assistance.
Once i explained my situation, they graciously helped me with my transaction.
I was in & out with my cash without any issues.
I will (& have) recommended afcu to the family & friends we have in arizona.
Opened a checking and savings at this location the other day.
The staff was very friendly and helpful.
I even got $100 in free groceries from smiths.
It has to be done all on the same day.
Overall i had a great experience!
Avoid financing through them at all costs.
I have made monthly payments on time for the three years i have financed my car with them.
I fell behind on a payment last month and they have been calling and leaving  harassing voicemails every single day.
If you try talking to them they are rude and hostile.
Mogo provides a good service for someone who does not want to have a credit card balance.
This is the closest branch to my house which is why i go here.
I can overlook the overall riff raff that loiter around the bank.
What i cannot overlook is dog feces in the entry way!!!
Today i arrived at the bank at 9:20.
I left the bank at 9:34 at that time an employee followed me out with a broom and dust pan.
I find it disturbing that all of the other employees chose to walk past it and let customers see that.
I will drive a little out of my way to find another chase because these folks pissed me off.
I cannot emphasize enough the people in the branches are great!!!
Avoid calling "customer service"  at all costs unless you enjoy being insulted and wasting your time.
Mark lidel is a great.
He is able to get loans closed within 30 days or less.
He is dependable and really knowledgeable.
Always over staffed on the "welcome to bank of america" floor, understaffed on tellers.
Wake up to the 21st century bank of america.
I joined usaa when i was a woc (warrant officer candidate) in 1967.
The cadre suggested that we consider usaa for our auto insurance, and boy, am i glad i listened.
I'm closing in on a "half century" relationship with them, and i cannot imagine doing business with a better company.
I realize that "...you can't make everyone happy all of the time.
Friday...high noon.... 1 teller....20 minutes and counting!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't bother bringing your money here.
I went into this location to find out what i could get for a gold chain i have.
First the employees couldn't care less about customer service rude and short.
The rep decided that the chain wasn't gold it was dipped or somethings he said.
I advised him i bought it at helzberg and had a receipt.
He said i was lying he asked some manger who was a huge grease ball and even ruder.
I have never been to a place so shitty.
I am not a big-bank fan.
The reason i love desert schools is that they are incredibly courteous, friendly, and helpful.
They are great about answering questions and sent i really care about the customer experience.
If you want a good bank where you will actually enjoy the experience, this is where you want to be!
Dear veterans, you deserve more respect than this company can offer you.
They know the insurance world but not home loans.
They are not diverse in there products, their interest rates are some of the highest in the nation.
They are pushing for speed to close a loan and making huge mistakes in the process.
They don't care about the person or taking time to make the loan work.
If you are not a++ paper or credit worthy they will not make the time to work with you.
Go to bank that is puplically traded and held responsible for there actions and will offer a better rate.
There is way better rates out there.
My father was a vietnam vet and a marine for life.
I come from a family that has served our country through the marines, army, navy and air-force.
I'm sad to say usaa cares about money not about bringing  there members home.
Do not work for usaa...this company is not worth your time.
Please heed my warning.
They communicate up until you are placed.
Then they are a ghost town.
The agreements they have with companies like usaa is to be the communications on any coaching.
But they don't coach or speak with you.
Usaa and kforce have a, you have no value to our company we will just replace you attitude.
With usaa and kforce not coaching or speaking with you during training or nesting stages...you are set up to fail.
No matter how strong of an employee you are.
We were all set up to fail and then never spoke to again when we were promised for replacement.
Then i was stocked on facebook by a manager at usaa.
Always on top of the ball with their customer service except one.
He talks more than he works.
I'm like please work and talk.
Multi tasking is key!!
I guess its my fault for not double checking but i assumed a bank would know how to count money
They are very pleasant and quick and dont solicit a ton of services like retail banks.
They always have 3-4 tellers and i have never had a negative experience with anyone.
The parking lot is busy so be careful and the customers arr lollagaggers
I was where's from out of town ..lines were pretty busy but customer service is great.
Jennifer was the one who help me and i was very pleased definitely a five star
My husband and i recently bought a house and before we signed papers we shopped around for home owners insurance.
Next thing i know all of my discounts have been removed my insurance when up even though i cancelled policies
Called a hundred times!
Received a letter from a branch regarding their problem with my safe deposit box and request for a call.
Called a hundred times, killed my whole afternoon.
As no one picked up, got transferred to a main calling center, which is of course no help.
Plus, he (albert) hanged up on me too.
The branch is working till 5 pm.
I am working till 5 pm, on the other side of town.
I opened up an account here for my wife today.
It was a pleasant experience.
The banker had a great sense of humor and it was simple and straightforward.
I left off 1 star because of the fees for those that have low balances.
It is almost like a poor tax.
If i could leave 0 stars, i would leave 0 stars.
I have banked at a few places as i have lived in several areas of the country.
Summit credit union is unprofessional and has double standards that they choose to implement to fit their needs.
A bank needs to have set, logical protocols that are followed.
This place operates on a "case-by-case" basis.
They are personal, personal as in unprofessional.
They will not hesitate to treat you like a child and berate you if you have an overdraft.
They closed an account after they accepted a direct deposit so that my checks would bounce.
I was not informed.
I've been a member of this bank for about 5 years.
This is my favorite branch and i come here often.
I get treated with respect.. the atm occasionally doesn't work.
That's my one complaint.
I thought "yay, no wait," until it took 20 minutes still to be seen.
The only help i received was when he called someone else over the phone and handed it to me.
Finally, i had someone more gracious and helpful.
I'll definitely be seeking a different branch for my future needs.
Uw credit union is the best.
If you just need to do a fast transaction, the line moves very quickly and costumer service is a excellent.
They were no help at all
Upset with brand in general don't understand why they take 7 business days to send atm card....
Someone told me chase bank was the devil i should've listen i've only been a customer for 16 days
I received usaa insurance through my dad who was in the air force.
I have nothing but good things to say about usaa.
The yearly dividends, great customer service, the best rates.
Several years ago someone got a hold of my cc and was charging a monthly fee to a website.
It took me a couple of months to notice it but when i did usaa was all over it.
Their fraud department is the best.
I've had mortgages with them, checking, savings and cc.
I deposit all my checks on my phone directly to my usaa account.
My paycheck is directly deposited to my usaa checking account.
Even if i could find a cheaper car insurance i wouldn't switch; usaa is to good to give up.
When the process started out my assigned loan officer was very friendly and called me regularly.
I was promised a closing date of 30 after the start of the application process.
I selected the amount the lender recommended for the loan, and told the to start working it up.
Then the communication stopped, no calls, very sparse communication from the lender.
Which really put me off.
At one point i was promised a closing date less than 2 weeks after the process started.
Which never occurred, there where several delays.
The loan was not completely settled and closed until 36 days after the process began.
Besides the delays in processing, they 1.)
Which delayed closing by a couple days.
Setup a mobile notary, and did not coordinate anything with me.
They just gave me a date and time.
When the notary showed up, she told me my wife needed to be present for signing as well.
They changed my good faith estimate , and never told me i only found out during my final signing.
I know estimates change based on credit worthiness.
However a courtesy call would have been nice.
My lender told me not make my march mortgage payment.
Also had to deal with demand letters and calls from my bank demanding payment.
Luckily the title company covered this for me and did not charge me.
They paid off one of my credit cards but shorted the payment by several hundred dollars.
Instead of electronically transferring the payoff for the credit card directly to the credit card company.
They issued me a separate check to mail to the credit card company for them.
I know everything cant be perfect these are various grievances i had.
I've been with us bank for over 20 years.
This particular bank is the worst!!!
I was doing errands and don't usually bank at this branch.
I asked specifically that the funds needed was to be deducted from my checking account.
I get home and noticed drastic amounts changed from my checking!
(from the balance slip she gave me)...i panicked!!!
(with all the problems with equifax, peoples accounts getting hacked) so immediately went on line to double check.
Well, little ms flirty took the money out of my savings account!!!
I called the branch manager....and, she tried to cover up for her employee's mistake.
Rather than ensuring us maybe lack of professionalism and/or training.
Warning: do not bank with this branch!!!!
Uwcu is a phenomenal financial institution.
In all my dealings they have always been straight-forward and honest.
We have worked with matt deadman in the past and have been continually impressed.
I tried to get a home loan here and they never got back to me.
Anchor bank down the road was happy to help.
Disappointed that my home town bank didn't take me seriously.
Have you ever wondered how wfb can survive?
Service - the teller was great.
He was wearing a sweater so i could not get his name.
He was helpful, easy going, professional and gave me some advice about accounts for my teens that was actually helpful.
Then he introduced me to their manager and that was cool to.
First class in my book.
Location - right on eastern and st. rose parkway.
Easy in and out, outdoor tellers and also two outside atm and inside as well.
C.  atm - if you take over 100 from the atm, you might get some 50's with it.
If you go to the atm inside the bank, you generally get 20's only.
Overall, i liked the service and the friendliness.
I was on verge of leaving wfb for the exact reasons i like this one.
I felt anonymous, and indifferent.
Today, the experience here was great.
Sent insurance info three times and keep getting letters stating they do not have proof of insurance.
I am going to refi my loan and get as far away as possible from this place.
The armed forces bank on rickenbacker rd.
However i don't really understand how to bank here.
Not to sound old but i don't get their new machines.
I always have to wait for staff to help me.
Usually not a long wait.
The atm is usually pretty busy.
Great bank, super friendly staff and, well, there's always candy lol.
This branch is awesome!
Several time they have helped me when there was fraud activity on my account.
I took he advice and it worked.
I really appreciate the service at this branch.
I highly recommend this chase location.
I recently got married and wanted to combine my insurance with my wife's.
Mr. swanson took his time (2hours!)
With us, explaining in depth everything we had questions about.
I have been with uw credit union for a very long time.
I have had some minor trouble with them in the past, but they have always been very helpful.
Their staff are willing to go above and beyond for their members.
I hadn't used my debit card in months, there was no sense of urgency to use this card ever.
I call customer service and reset the pin somehow.
In the infamous words of donald trump, wrong!
He clearly replied "no, we don't have anything like that".
It's besides the point.
I was then prompted to call the pinnow automated system!!!!!
Unfortunately, it gets worse.
The automated system locked me out and now i had to wait 24 hours to get unlocked!!!
All of their on phone representatives are so unapologetic, it does not make the situation any better.
Not against a specific branch but corporate.
My daughter had an identity theft issue that was so obvious that chase should have just shut the card off.
I had s card with chase that they shut down for a charge under $200.
Their choice to continue to harass my daughter forced us to close our accounts and cancel cards.
Can't say enough good things about mary.
I've been to this huntington bank location, oh, about 4 times since moving to the area in february.
Guess i could say i've adopted this huntington as "my" huntington.
This location is nice, inside and out.
Not your typical plain old ho-hum-looking bank building.
The location, in mcintyre square just off mcknight road, is convenient.
There's no denying the convenience of north hills.
So far, this huntington is no exception.
Now, they insure our cars, home, and our lives, literally.
Kent baker's office is a pleasure to work with.
The staff are so friendly and caring.
Whenever i call, they're happy to take the time to answer all my questions and explain everything clearly.
We're lifers with state farm, and we love this local office!
Thanks for all you do for us!
This is my local wells fargo.
They are very helpful when ever i have questions or concerns about my account.
My husband has been with them since 1996, i've been with them since 2006!
Use to enjoy this bank but their recent manager is a pain to deal with i can't remember her name.
A lot of customers have left because of this manager and the way they run certain things !
Cashing my check shouldn't be such a hassle bye wells fargo
Brianna has the best customer service that i've had in a while.
The reason i love this company so much!
Never really had any problems here.
Friendly employees and the complimentary water is always flowing.
We have been using state farm, cie taylor agency for the past six months.
Our agent torrie tyler has been exceptional in servicing both our auto, and renters policies.
I would highly recommend this agency to all of my friends and family.
Once they meet you, you're like family from then on.
I also love the new location!
They have an atm that i use whenever i need to whenever i am out this way.
This location is by far the worst bank of america to deal with in scottsdale.
I even pulled my money out of bank of america because of this location i now deal with chase.
Unfortunately i still have to go here to pay my rent every month.
And it is so wishy-washy on what they allow and what they do not allow.
For example sometimes i can deposit cash into my landlord's account and other times i cannot.
Which by the way they let me do last month.
I will never bank with this bank again because of this location they need some serious customer service training.
I came to open bank account & guess how long is my wait?
More than 1 hour before im direct to 'manager' for account opening..why only manager can do this?
The 3 counter members were just sitting there!
Pls kindly fully maximise the staff strength or look into the whole process!
If you have a choice pls don't ever consider to open account with them!
I'm very appreciative of the staff here, especially justin.
All the staff members are so friendly, full of aloha (no pun intended).
He is very knowledgeable, informative, professional, efficient...
Pretty much all of the above.
The establishment pretty much never has a line, so clean, and feels like home.
You're always greeted with a smile, and you always feel warm and welcomed.
I love bank of america.
But this one here specifically, is the worst bank i've been to out of any bank i've gone too.
Super long line stood there for 15 minutes, never moved.
Only one of those two people was brought to sit down as i was leaving.
Nobody was happy, it was a horrible experience.
And all because the cash deposit outside at the atm wasn't working.
I had to drive to the boa on craig and rancho to make a deposit, ridiculous.
I'm standing in bank of america with a line of at least ten people.
There are five people sitting at desks with no customers and one teller at the window.
#topheavy #useless  this is one of the many problems with the united states.
Lazy workers, namely corey, and rude workers, namely joanne.
Incompetent manager who is ugly on the inside and out.
Great service, always knowledgeable and courteous.
I have been customer at this branch for many years and every experience was top quality.
This place is unbelievably slow.
One of the other.
Customers toward the front of the line said she had been waiting 45 minutes.
I left and went to a different location.
So i went to this bank to withdraw money and this seating  window branch manager helped me out .
I asked for large denominations and she said they don't have enough and need to be ordered in advance .
Lazy customer service !!!
For a town where bank of america calls it's home - there sure isn't much love to the customers.
Customer service is gone
I've baked with boa, chase, and american savings in the past.
Usaa blew all of them away, as far as service.
They remind me that they value my business and they are so personable when assisting.
Anytime i need something done, such as, fax, email, online assistance, they are prompt.
I always have a resolution to my problem at the end of a call.
When dealing with my investments, i get off the call more knowledgeable and empowered.
I have confidence leaving my money in their bank.
I'm in it till the end!
Melany was super patient, genuine, and wasn't pushing sales solutions.
My time with her was smooth and she covered all details, notably my favorite banker interaction.
I worked with matt on a heloc.
He made the entire process seamless and very efficient from start to finish - not to mention timely!
We were able to close quickly.
I highly recommend him.
Or at least it's what i've experienced.
Thank you, margaret, and thank you, oncu.
They have remodeled this branch since i was in glendale in december and not for the better!
Instead of chairs with backs they now have long uncomfortable benches in the reception area.
Very unappealing first impression of a business!
The waiting line was very long before noon on wednesday as well.
Some people looked and left.
(i'm withholding the actual name)  i just replied to m.s.
I'm just want a simple quote for a 15 yeard fixed rate refi for a rental.
I said do not call.
Sent me back his rate, a one liner: "3.375% 15 yr approx.
$1800 in cost"  so far perfect!
That's all i wanted to know.
Rate is not better than what i already have so i move on.
Then i got mutliple calls from their office.
And what part of "do not call" in my original email was hard to understand?
Do not contact me again.
Besides how would you even know when i haven't talked to you.
I dont know where you are getting your information from but it's incorrect pal.
You probably don't even qualify for a refinance anyways.  ""
I think that deserved a bad yelp review.
I suspect that m.s.
Kind of nonchalantly said, "i'm not sure you're just gonna have to check up on it."
He also ignored my phone call at the end.
We have a policy through farmers now which wasn't much higher, and we now have peace of mind.
It was about how he just ignored us.
We were just another policy number--who cares, right?
Wait time is ridiculous.
You're better off going to a different location.
Mary and her team handle all of my insurance needs from the car, home and professional.
Mary takes a personalized approach to fit my needs.
When my son was in a minor fender bender, i felt like i was calling family.
Thank you, mary and team!
I have made 5 calls - left three messages.
No response and no one was able to help me until i demanded a manager.
I will be making the switch very soon!
I have a couple of accounts with this bank.
Of the branches close to me this one seems to have the shortest waits.
The lines for the tellers don't seem too bad but most transactions involving bankers still seem to take forever.
Sort of a 2.5.
And not worthy of a round up.
How much did it cost to get the top search fuzzy?
Except of course the bit where they collect money from you, that part they are really good at.
I've been with this office for years and i'm always satisfied with their service.
Would definitely recommend this agency!
This is probably the worst branch of the worst bank on the planet.
Expect to stand in line for 20 minutes if you go inside.
Do you not have an account with bank of america, they will not give you change.
They will not tell you this until you've waited 20 minutes.
This bank is located inside of smiths grocery store.
The staff here is very rude and serious.
Every time i go in it takes them a lot to even say i'm next in line.
It's very awkward, and unprofessional.
I would rather drive a little farther to the one on craig road instead of dealing with rude people.
I don't have generally good stories about banks...but then again, who does?
I have to say that my entire experience with one nevada has been nothing but stellar!
Suzie has been a charm to work with and the entire staff was very friendly when i came in.
With mega-banks you are less of a customer and more of a number.
She even walked me to the atm to show me how my account and card would work.
For a tech-savvy person this touch showed that she really cared about the whole process.
Thank you one nevada and thank your awesome employee suzie.
While our initial mortgage experience with mcfarland was ok subsequent interaction has not been satisfactory.
We've found them to be unresponsive when we've needed answers or actions.
This despite calling them daily to try and determine where our tax check was.
Though i asked they never explained what went wrong.
But it should not have gone wrong to begin with.
This bank is the worst in terms of bureaucracy.
I own a business, wrote a payroll check to an employee.
They processed the check and the funds came our of my account on the 4th.
They still wont give her the money, and its the 10th.
This is insane, snce they already took the money out of my account.
So i called to see if i could get some explanation.
They just dont care.
Unless you relish bureaucracy and complete lack of customer service, dont have anything to do with chase banks.
There are other options.
Everyone was very nice and professional.
I didn't wait at all.
The greeter/administrator in the front took care of my needs right away.
Worst customer service ever!
I have nothing but terrible experience with this company when it comes to just about anything.
This is our local b of a which we like a great deal.
The one major drawback is the size and location of the branch.
During the 11 till 2 pm high traffic hours i try to avoid it like the plague.
Parking, and just getting into the lot is a bear.
Too bad they cannot move the branch about 30 feet north or enlarge their present local!
Alrighty, plain and simple this pawnshop sucks.
Soooo overpriced and they low ball you on anything you bring in.
Full of not very friendly employees
The lady also answered her personal cell phone right in front of us.
So much for wanting to open a new account with you guys!
We have our main credit card here b/c my dear fil served in the air force.
I'm grandfathered in for marrying his offspring - the benefit ends here, i think.
They work with you on life insurance, auto loans, home loans, all things financial.
Nice branch with good parking.
Staff leave you waiting while they get busy behind the counter .
They have free coffee and 3 cash machines .
I have always been a member of a credit union.
I went into this location because it was close to home and needed to open an account.
They didn't care what so ever to lose my business.
The female in charge had a bad attitude and a horrible hair do!
Don't bother go somewhere that values their customers.
They don't deserve one star.
Cancel all your credit cards with usaa.
I am a person with a few credit cards.
I got usaa believing that i would be helping the vets.
Well, my credit was in the thousands.
Then i received a letter saying that my credit was reduced to $300.
I called up and asked why.
They said it was because i was not....not....not ....i repeat, not using the card enough.
So i said, "i'm offended.
They refused to budge.
So it is nothing short of blackmail.
Use our card or we'll ruin your credit.
Don't get the card if you have not and cancel it if you have it.
You can keep using it if you don't agree with me but you are submitting to nothing short of blackmail.
You're not helping the vets when you patronize anything about this company.
You are helping corporate greed.
It takes no leap in logic to figure out that they are not providing much help to the vets either.
This is probably one of the friendliest banks i've been in.
The staff is so courteous.
They greet you at the door both coming and going.
The manager even opened the door for me once on the way out.
The tellers have manners too.
It must be part of some kind of incentive program or something.
I had to conduct some business at chase bank.
We were greeted by the manager and the teller was efficient and friendly.
I will make this my branch.
I like that they are locally owned.
The offer a high level of customer service.
Their rates (loans and deposits) are competitive.
Again, their customer service is top notch.
Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly.
You get the impression they really appreciate your business.
I am currently in the process of refinancing my house.
The process has been painless, efficient, and i am extremely pleased with the interest rate.
Added bonus - fresh baked cookies in the lobby every day!
Worst atms ever...they've got to be the first atm ever made.
Also, the absolute slowest atms on planet earth..which is why canceling your transaction is a huge deal.
Trust me, even iraq has brand new atms i've yet to see here.
I've gotten so frustrated, i finally went inside and closed the account i was trying to deposit in.
My experience with this company was wonderful.
We went in to see about laptops and came out with a great laptop.
The price was just right.
I highly recommend this company to do business with.
Tell them elias sent you.
I have never received better customer service from a bank than what i have received from monona state bank.
Every time i enter the branch, i am greetly warmly and welcomed as a member.
The tellers are genuinely happy to help me with any transaction.
I can see where the rest of the staff gets their passionate customer serivce from.
I feel like i am a valued member at my local bank.
It's the way all banks should be.
It's the kind of banking that makes a customer say wow.
The company i work for banks with wells fargo so i'm in this branch several times a week.
My main complaint with wells fargo in general is they are much to aggressive in their customer service/ sales tactic.
When i stop in to make deposits i do not want to make small talk with the teller.
I want to get my banking done and be on my way.
It's extremely annoying and i cringe each time i have to go in there.
Not very re-assuring when you've sent all your confidential docs to a company.
I worked with gloria witt and i had the worst experiences ever.
Crazy changes after being in escrow like increasing down payment refinancing car etc.. lost escrow deposit.
Unprofessional business practices and false promises.
Please do research and don't be a victim like me.
Not a real bank, more of a joke.
This is my first time using this branch location.
Upon entering the bank we were immediately greeted and seated with bottle water.
The asst branch manager was very professional, nice and handled the transaction efficiently.
I will definitely be returning.
They have been taking money from hard working people for the past couple of months.
Their new policy on overdraft fees is just a clever way to steal money from your account.
I have seen people have to pay out over $500 for bouncing one check.
Under no circumstances is the acceptable .
After speaking with someone, there was 1 unauthorized charge and they (chase) canceled my current debit card.
As soon as i walked in, i was greeted by one of the agents in a cubicle.
I explained the situation and she advised me that she was able to assist me.
I had to provide 2 forms of id and give her my old debit card, which she voided.
The whole process took about 10 minutes and i was out of there with a brand new card.
This bank and this particular location specifically is a total pain in the butt to deal with :(.
Despite this, the tellers always made things very difficult when i made large business deposits consisting of health insurance checks...
Nearly each time i came to this branch it was like this ... teller refused to make the deposit...
I would ask for the manager/supervisor...
This very same annoying issue occurred over and over again.
It was insanity, and a waste of my time when i need to get back to my business asap.
I switched over to chase, and business transactions have been so much smoother and rarely do i ever get hassled....
Yet whenever i tried to call b of a ...
They stated i had to personally go back to that location and find out what the issue was.
I am forced to bank here once a month because my car loan gave me no other choice.
Worst bank ever, always lines out the door.
Takes over an hour every time i go to any bank of america.
I've been a customer for years but recently closed my account due to the treatment received at this location.
I used to go to a location closer to home, but they closed it and this became the closest location.
I used to try to go to the location near work, but sometimes that didn't work out.
I went inside, as was an important issue i needed resolved.
There was one teller open and three people in line.
Another teller came out and assisted the customer behind me while i was getting to see the original teller.
It was as if they were not aware i was already on the line.
They sounded so irritated to have to assist a customer.
They spoke tome in an accusatory manner and then said they'd temporarily deposit the missing funds.
This happened to me at the location that closed about two years ago and it was handled very differently.
I suppose it was my mistake for thinking i'd be treated with respect as i was the precious time.
Just started banking with one nevada.
The customer service is amazing.
The tellers are so friendly.
I've never had a problem with anyone.
The teller that opened my account is named shelly.
She literally turned my day around by being friendly.
Shared branching with other cus is difficult.
In additon, their customer service is the worst!
They seem to want to reference your ssn to do almost anything related to your account.
If you don't mind poor customer service and unnecessarily complicated shared branching transactions, then they a cu worth considering.
My personalized password almost never worked.
And to reset it they of course required me to disclose my ssn.
Don't do commercial business here, they don't want it
The employees are rude and take their sweet time when there is literally a line out the door.
Only two windows open when there are four.
This bank and company are the worst.
I was in chex systems and was desperate enough to come to this hot mess of a bank.
One nevada was $19.99 per month....
I have conducted business transactions inside and out over the last few months.
Everyone has been courteous, knowledgeable and friendly each time.
Never coming back to this location!
I love my 1nv credit union!
Kyle is our guy and is always very pleasant & ready to assist with all of our needs.
Couldn't ask for better service.
Especially in today's society, where good service seems to be on the decline.
The whole staff here is super friendly & always up beat.
So happy we bank with them!
This is probably one of the best wells fargo banks in arizona!
The guy that took care of us, marcus, was very nice and friendly!
I would recommend banking with these guys!
I can't really tell between an average bank and an extremely good bank.
But i can tell between an average bank and a really crappy one.
I'd say this chase is pretty average - good.
This was one of the worse banking experiences i have ever had .
From my experience with him isaac he could use more customer service training.
I've been to this location at least 40 times.
I have my mortgage with them.
Every time you walked in you are greeted by a smiling face.
The colors are extremely friendly.
I haven't had a breath of an issue with anyone or this businesses practices.
I've got no complaints!
They do everything the bank is supposed to do.
Bank of america has been giving me problems with my account...
So since i have my mortgage with wells fargo, i was thinking about switching to them anyway.
Tried this bank out with a basic checking and savings account.
Was going to bring my business and brokerage account to this branch having moved here from california.
You have at least been warned!
Wish i had read the reviews before opening an account at this bank.
The management jesse and miguel tell you different things.
And jesse is just plain rude.
It amazes me that people who work with the public have zero customer service skills.
But after reading the reviews online i'm shocked they are still in business.
Dealing with mike dean has been terrible.
Surprised to find out about his racist & anti semitic views on people during working hours.
Lots of business lost.
I just moved to nevada.
I have used this location five times now.
I havn't seen so many tellers standing around chatting all the time as i have seen at this bank.
There is one asian lady who is humping her ass all the time!
Give her a raise!
One guy was eating planters peanuts, as i stood there for 5 minutes!
I waited another time for a banker for almost 20 minutes sitting in the bankers area.and no one helped me.
Tho i did see another manager sitting behind me in her  glass  office texting on her phone!
I finally had to go ask could someone help me, as i had to do a wire transfer.
I was told there were no bankers there, and got a lady name miss soda.
She was clearly not happy to help me.
Seemed almost mad at me when i asked some question of the wire transfer, i got snapped at!
This branch needs a real over haul, and getting back to helping the customers!
Carmen i want to say thank you.
Your staff and you have made our day and helped us a lot.
You showed us you cared and you helped.
Thank you and i highly suggest to go with wells fargo and this location.
This branch here sucks.
The young girl doesnt know stuff.
She doesnt explain nothing.
Went in saturday then monday n she said she never said that.
She said to come in on monday to sign my check n ill have the money then.
N now she says she never said that that the money will be ready on tuesday.
Waiting since saturday to get my money.
This young girl didnt want to give me my check back on saturday.
They need to explain more on what could happen.
Angie was very friendly and helpful.
She was able to answer all of my questions with no fuss and took time to explain everything to me.
Worst auto claims assistance and service imaginable.
Trying to communicate with usaa is more painful than childbirth or civil war amputations with a hack saw.
And when you do 'breakthrough' the answers have no substance.
So you wait weeks more.
By now your rental car coverage has expired.
They just cancelled mine.
Pleas are addressed with silence or non compliance.
(that means nothing by the way) i was told i'd hear from a specialist in that office in 2-3 days.
I ask for specific contact info and get nothing.
Some guy named dave called.
I'd assumed he was in the ceo's office.
He said i'd hear from them.
More than a week has elapsed.
And still no specific contact info.
So, usaa eats up all of your time with inaction, then cancels your rental car, leaving you in the lurch.
So no, molly, everything is not alright.
No one at usaa can demonstrate they have a handle on my claim.
Oh, it may be the handle you want.
But it's not the handle i want.
This all began on december 21, 2015.
It's now february 7, 2016.
A claims adjuster named jose ramirez saw my car at my house.
He was short tempered, rude and humorless.
Somewhat intimidating which is a tactic i don't appreciate.
I thought it was me and i was reading him wrong.
My service advisor at the dealership said jose ramirez was rude and intimidating to him as well.
Later, jose was to appear for an appointment on a thursday to see the car at the dealership.
Jose was a no show.
Not even a phone call.
The appointment was reset for the following tuesday.
Again jose was a no show.
Dropping the ball and extended communication blackouts or droughts are the norm with usaa auto claims.
Yesterday, usaa deactivated consumer posts on their facebook page and started deleting complaints to cover their derrires.
But they can't run and hide.
Burying their heads in the sand is what children do.
They are unprofessional and discourteous.
Could i be making all this up.
I'm certified as a scoutmaster and i am an eagle scout.
I also tell the truth.
That way i never have to 'remember' anything.
The people i've dealt with at usaa must think they are teflon.
Nothing will stick to them.
All systems are executed in a way that deflects responsibility away from individuals at usaa.,all you get is lip service.
Usaa auto claims is all surface and no substance.
I've paid my premiums and their salaries for more than 20 years and this is the thanks that i get.
No service, broken promises and appointments, sleepless nights and migraines.
When will my nightmare end?
I even had a #darthincompetence in my dream.
Usaa is making me sick.
They are driving me mad.
And if this is my experience with them it will likely be yours as well.
Don't say i didn't warn you though.
The staff is always friendly and ready to deal.
If  your buying or selling you will leave with a smile.
The wide variety of items they sell, keeps me coming back for more.
If you go, ask for travis.
He is a good guy to deal with.
But, there are other sales people there, that can help you.
They always have plenty help their.
I came in to resolve some of my issues of my bank account and i got the best service ever.
The banker who helped me the name was victor .
The guys was very helpful and resolved all the issues.
Another manager mike and david help d with all the setup.
Great guys and great customers.
He helped us back in 2012 when we were in the market to purchase our first house.
Early this year, he contacted us with some information about the benefits of refinancing.
Although at first we were not interested, he was always available to answer my questions.
Kyle miller, who helped me out was knowledgable and understanding of the situation i was in.
Very friendly and more importantly quick & efficient.
I spent a total of 10 minutes inside and had all my questions answered with a brand new card.
I'm a satisfied costumer and would recommend this bank to anyone!
Convenient location but the employees of this branch are a joke.
I don't think anyone actually knows what is going on.
Multiple times i have waited over an hour when the store is almost empty.
The staff is rude, short and condescending.
Take the time to go elsewhere.
This place will be sure to put you in a bad mood.
Don't use this branch!
Such incredible incompetence and rudeness.
This isn't the first time they've treated us rudely.
This location is always so quick and easy.
So it was no question when i had an issue with being overcharged for something i went into this branch.
I was happy to only wait a few minutes when i was greeted by brandon.
I have to say he was so friendly and helpful.
Before i knew it i was out of there and everything was fixed.
This bank is great.
They are very friendly and i have my business accounts here.
I have been working with them for over 2 years now and have had nothing but a great experience.
Much better than bank of america, my last bank.
Good fast friendly staff.
Place was very very clean, must be new.
Margaret and corie are the best.
Thank you so much for all the help.
I've been a member with them for over a decade and they were ok until i moved.
There is absolutely no way to deposit cash.
We sold a motorcycle and had no way to deposit any of the $.
Without family near us, it became a hassle.
Still have my ira through them, but it's much easier banking where there's a branch.
So i called to schedule an appointment for a temporary card as my card had been hacked into.
So i arrive and there's about 3 other people waiting.
In fact after a few minutes a personal banker walks up and says laughing,  "i dont even know who's next.
You guys tell me" is that anyway to run a business?!?
So after 40 minutes i ask to speak to the manager.
Her response: we don't have a sign in sheet!
And there's nothing we can do for you!
Thats how they treat a 13 year long customer with multiple accounts there!
This is part one there is a part two
I have decided to branch out my reviews to non-restaurants... so here goes!
This boa branch is always clean and the service is always friendly and quick.
And i have never waited in a long line like at other banks (or boa branches).
Gary has to be one of the nicest insurance agents i have ever met.
Not only does he have 20+ years of experience, but he truly cares for his clients.
I highly recommend anyone looking for any sort of insurance to give this man a call.
You'll be glad you did!
So i decided to walk up to them and asked if one of them could help me.
Who knows how long i would have waited if i would have not gone up to them myself.
The teller clearly did not check me in so they knew i was waiting for a banker.
Both bankers clearly knew i was there, but still sat there.
Very  friendly staff, first time at this branch.
April helped me out.
Great job and wow...
Need more bankers that look like you:)
Need more people in the mornings.
Spring mountain location much busier, but much faster!
We have traditionally had really great service from this branch.
We don't visit a branch often but find the team here friendly and efficient.
The branch is always clean and there are lollipops at the teller stations which the kids certainly appreciate.
Today's visit was a quick one to the teller line where we were immediately greeted.
There was no line on a friday afternoon - hallelujah!
We were in and out in a jiffy!
Love when that happens!
Twice in the past two weeks now they have stolen money from our account in for form of overdraft fees.
Even after they "graciously refunded" those fees it immediately brought the account positive.
So you can imagine my shock when they did it again.
***if you have an account with them, check your ledgers
I lost my discover card (in my house) some time ago and still haven't found it.
I was so pleasantly surprised.
The entire process took no more than five minutes (maybe less) on the phone!
He checked to make sure there was no suspicious activity on my account, which there wasn't.
Then offered to send me a new card by fedex free to be delivered in 1-2 days.
It was honestly the easiest customer service experience i've ever had!
Devon, thank you for restoring my faith in customer service!
This bank is always packed and they always only have two bankers working at the counter.
This was the last straw and i'm yanking  all my money out of the bank.
If i could give negative stars i would, it's like this every day all day at this bank.
Already have them to much of my time.
All i'm going to write is avoid getting a loan with this joke of a company.
It would be better to take the bus or walk than take a loan out with these fackers
Have had services with them since 1976.
After 41 years, i am going to change companies.
The level of customer service is poor.
I am a veteran (captain) and i called for a car loan.
We have had 3 previous car loans with them and paid off everything.
I have a ding on my credit score (that is not correct and i am disputing it.)
Usaa treated this veteran like dirt when i applied for another loan.
The rep had no respect or humanity.
This was my credit score and that was it and i was only judged by my number and nothing else.
So cold and heartless.
So why did i bother to have 41 year old history with usaa  when that relationship is a scam?
Just another big heartless bank.
Usaa does not care that i was a veteran that is just a scam to get people to sign up.
I plan on canceling everything with usaa and recommend that no one uses them.
Great way for a company to treat a veteran, nurse, teacher, senior citizen and woman.
I've been with chase for awhile for both personal and business and i do love them.
The features they offer their customers are great.
The only issue i have with this location is that the parking lot is awful and oddly laid out.
I almost got a flat trying to figure it out last time.
Spoke with augustine regarding second party deposits and he was very informatively helpful!
I have never felt so welcomed and been treated so kindly in a bank before...
The manager, i believe his name was javier, was so exceptionally helpful and courteous.
Alberto was extremely diligent and polite.
All of the employees were smiling and looked like they truly enjoyed being at work.
I think her name was marley or marline???
Said she would help.....what a fricken nightmare!
She was ready to drive down to the office and that wouldnt of been pretty!
I think we will be moving to another company very soon and so will the rest of my family.
This review is for 2311 w. charleston ave. las vegas location.
Very professional employee greets you in line with a clip board and asks what your needs are.
I was there to make a withdrawal.
He filled out the slip and i stood in line about 5 minutes before reaching the only teller.
However,  at least i was prepared to make the quick transaction and be on my way.
Very well dressed,  and super clean interior of the bank.
Way to go chase employees!
(i live in another state,  so thank god chase was on it's toes that day!)
Thought i would give wells the right to earn my business back.
The account manager was very nice and helpful, i believe her name was yang.
However i was cashing a employer check that uses wells fargo.
I got to the teller and of course they saw that i was no longer a customer.
She preceded to ask "why not"?
I told her after years of bad customer service i switched to chase.
Then told her i am very happy with their customer service.
She asked did you not like ours?
I said no, you guys are horrible.
She then proceeded to tel me "well why don't you cash your check there then"?
I stopped for a sec and couldn't believe my ears at how rude she was.
She might as well drawn me a map back to chase.
The wells fargo experience just is not worth it.
Go into a chase bank, its a total different atmosphere.
This bank is the best one i've been too ever!
The customer service is spectacular!
The bankers are so friendly and will help you with whatever you need!
I recommend christian if you need help with banking or anything that comes to mind!
I've known dondrell for 10 yrs.
Hes a man of integrity.
I recently financed my vehicle with his office.
She put the deal together quickly and efficiently.
Nora poblador helped me with several changes to my accounts today.
This is my go to one nevada credit union location.
I opened an account over a year ago, and i have nothing but great things to say about the bank.
I would like to start off by saying, that the personnel is always friendly and extremely helpful.
Always providing great insight and mentioning all the different things that we as account holders, one nevada has to offer.
They truly take the time to go over every single one of your questions and concerns.
Like i mentioned before, i made the switch over a year ago, and couldn't be any happier.
Don't go here, the atm here takes your money and doesn't give it back or post to your account.
The workers are no help too
I absolutely love one nevada credit union!
They've worked with me financially for years and margaret mims is amazing!
The worst branch throughout the valley.
Employees walk back and forth while customers are waiting.
Such a big branch and only two people pretend to work.
If you need to get public notary prepare to wait at least 2 hours!
Jackie was amazing, and quick.
She had three people in her office and assisted all of us quickly.
I was on a time crunch and she made sure i was in and out of her office.
I dealt with margaret mims who was extremely helpful.
I have been treated amazing by one nevada since i first opened my account.
A star employee for sure.
Came in to open an checking and savings account and maggie was absolutely amazing!
The process for everything was smooth and i was in and out.
Thank you again maggie!
Love the fact there's a bank inside the gym.
You can do all your banking needs before or after your workout.
This is a full service branch.
If you need a car loan to even a home mortgage, they can help you with it.
Staff is always friendly.
Be sure to score them "5" if you get a survey.
Free checking accounts for military & students.
I have banked with this credit for some 30 years;  in those years i have had few complaints.
I find their customer service is excellent.
I was not happy with the process for online access when adopted but have learned to work with it.
Just the way the big banks like it!
Now the issue is to fund that account while incurring the least amount of transaction fees.
Luckily, wf personal bankers have no such limitations (at least my bank account is not that big, yet).
Anyway, i was probably at the branch for at least 40 minutes or maybe a hour.
Needless to say, the customer encounter experience i received today at this wf branch is top notch.
If wells fargo employs more employees like salma, their rating would go way up on every measurable metric.
Give her an award, a promotion and a raise!
She definitely deserves it.
My parents set up a savings account for me here when i was little.
And i'm so glad they did!
I have always gotten excellent customer service.
I now have saving and checking accounts as well as vehicle and home loans.
5 star rating for my man,  jared lindsey!
I always come back because i  appreciate his high calibre of service and is always on point!
Thanks you for always being incredible.
Also, they do currency exchanges without any hassle or runaround, which again, is something that is rare in modern banking.
This boa branch is horrible.
I stood in a teller line with 4 people ahead of me for 25 minutes.
Every customer was visibly frustrated (deep sighs, checking watches).
Based on the previous reviews, i don't know how they haven't done some sort of re-training here.
I will only come to this branch if absolutely necessary.
If you have anywhere to be, avoid.
On the website the same mistake happens.
Based on the amount of sgd the bank would give me for my cad,  it confirmed i was right!
Howerver i would definitely calculate beforehand to make sure they don't make such a mistake again...
I will definitely return when i am on this side of town and need to get some cash o la.
I have been banking here for years.
To tell me that you can't find the promotion but later are able to pull it up from the computer?
You have one job!
Not to mention, there are no smiles and life in them as if they have a terrible job.
How fortunate you are to have a job at td and yet you can't even do it right.
If your branch made a banking error that is inconveniencing me, it is your duty to rectify it.
What part of "your branch's mistake" did you not understand?
Manager's attitude was also unacceptable.
I've dealt with many banking institutions but none come close to the customer service of this branch and organization.
Setting up accounts (6 of them) is quick!
Every person i've encountered remembers my personal situations and always inquire about the status of my journey.
Feels like a great group of friends when i go to the bank.
In fact, my kids like to go to the bank because of the people (and lollipops!)
Most importantly, their ability to turn the impossible into possible.
Even though it requires out of the box thinking and strategies, they'll get it done.
He is second to none!!
He has an awesome side-kick too!
And they had no other advisors that could help me at that time.
I asked to speak with the manager, the manager wasn't available.
I simply re-scheduled for the next day, but i had never experienced this issue with any bank before.
Nonetheless they left me hanging that day and it lessened my opinion of them slightly.
Otherwise in the past td has been very good to me - hence the 3/5 stars.
It smells like poo and the employees are rude to me.
I still can't get over the biggest point is that it smells like poo.
How can a bank branch smell like poo so badly?
This place sucks for being unprofessional and smelly.
I love this branch.
Both bankers and tellers are very knowledgeable and always ready to help.
The only minus i would give to this branch is their atms (the new kind) that always get stuck!!!
But obviously that's not bankers fault so i didn't wanted to take the star out because they deserve 6!
(i was sure i'd have to wait 7-10 days to get a new card.)
I am a very satisfied accountholder and plan to stay with this credit union for a long time to come.
Tellers dont know their products or policies!
I went into lobby to confirm that my "paycheck debit card" (bofa) has no fee-as i heard mult.
Views that they charge a fee to use debit.
Tellers passed my card around giggling like a joke-waste fo time.
This bank does not train their people.
No cs skills, no sorry for the wait.
I may close my actual bofa acct.
Is the usa declining in ethics and iq's --seems so.
I've been a one nevada member since 2000 and will never leave them!
The location i frequent the most is the one on lake mead near buffalo.
The staff there is so friendly and professional.
If you use the atm a lot just don't bother coming here.
About one third of the time atm is not working.
I've now been here a handful of times recently and i think i'm ready to write this review.
This wells fargo branch is located on the north side of blue diamond road, just east off arville.
Drive thru has 3 lanes with another lane for an atm.
They are not the most efficient bank i've ever been to.
They are not fast....like at all.
Think molasses rolling uphill in the winter time "speed" here.
This has been pretty consistent with every visit i've ever made here.
The tellers were nice enough, but plan on blocking out more time than usual with your visit here.
This is the slowest bank in the wells fargo network.
Most wells fargo banks that you go to, the tellers are friendly.
Don't expect a smile from these tellers.
They are just there to process your request and move on to the next person.
At the end of the day, if they can achieve my banking needs, they get a 3 star review.
If they were speedier and seemed like they cared, then they would get a 4 star review.
Beware of fraudulence !
I tried to close my accounts and thought everything was settled.
The staff said they will resolve the matter, and that never happen.
Their atms don't work properly either; i tried to withdraw some cash, nothing came out, and guess what?
Again, they said they'll do an investigation, which didn't happen and will never happen.
This bank is a fraud.
In the end i had to pay them +$170 for nothing.
It was such a waste.
Seriously, avoid this bank at all cost.
I love this location out of all of the u.s. bank locations that i have frequented.
I'm always greeted by friendly bankers.
No matter what time of day i come here the wait is never very long.
I like free standing us bank locations over the in-store locations.
It's hit or miss with this place.
Half the tellers are really friendly--the best.
Others are cold and impersonal.
So i had to run out to get my id.
Not a huge deal, but when you've known someone for years...
I use my chase~ ink card & my cahse ;)freedom)".
Although its an older location but the branch is quite wide and spacious.
The customer service guy was great and friendly.
Service was quite fast and the line were kept short and sweet.
They also have a nice christmas tree setup.
All in all its another branch from bmo but with good great service!
I can not say enough about how wonderful this branch is.
My house burned down 8 days before christmas.
When my insurance sent me a check.
I needed to be able to cash it without a hold being put on it.
That manager did not have to do that for me.
He has been so wonderful through this whole process.
I will always bank with chase and it will always be at this branch.
6 bucks to cash my check.
I guess i'm old school whatever.
Not sure why all these people are leaving 5 star reviews....obviously they have never even been to this bank before.
This bank is it's own entity, and you must open a separate account with this branch to do anything here.
The worst customer service i have received in a very long time!
I will never go back here again
I came here today to do something relatively simple:.
Getting a couple of checks cashed.
There were 6 cars in the drive thru, and everything was at a standstill.
I finally decided to go inside, only to find a line of 10 people.
I don't know how many employees were there, but apparently this is too much for them to handle.
So stupid.. so i cleared the rest of my afternoon to make a deposit  keep up the good work boa!
So i went to open an account in the uk.
The entire process took 1 month.
Seems like hsbc's procedures are based on the uk banking system.
If you have an alternative, i'd advise you to go elsewhere.
Customers are an annoying interruption for employees, and they get this message to you, lol.
I've only ever had two problems with them and that's in a 7 year time span.
But this bank is the best.
But don't take my word for it.
Go find out for your selves i can guarantee u will love it :)
Never go to this bank.
Only one teller behind the window.
They have  four other  clerks walking around asking the customers if they can help.
I would never come back to this bank.
Honestly, i'm even considering taking my accounts to a different bank.
I have had a car loan with us bank for a couple of years.
Recently they stopped me in the drive thru having put my account on hold.
While all of my payments were on time and in full, the manager decided i needed to right their errors.
It cost me nearly $200.00 to fix their mistake.
They frankly said none of which was my fault.
Don buskirk was not appologetic nor did they think of compensating me.
He was rude, unprofessional, and belittling.
I'm in the process of moving to another myself as i will never tolerate being treated so ridiculously bad.
Usaa is consistently rated a top employer in phx, as well as the nation.
I have been a uwcu member for 3 years now.
Let me say, becoming a member here has been a revelation to me in banking.
Prepare to be wowed at uwcu.
You will actually feel like your opinions and finances matter.
All of their policies and procedures are fair and even helpful.
Say goodbye to feeling like you are getting screwed over.
Say hello to feeling heard and appreciated.
Great services, great customer service.
That's what uwcu offers!
Really above and beyond what even other credit unions in town offer.
This place is awesome!
It is 9:30 and the bank is closed.
However they're hours read they open up at 9am.
They cost me money!
I didn't wait long for each visit and the reps were very nice but they really messed up my accounts!!!
Funny thing is the two other people in the parking lot waiting on chase is also at wells fargo.
Also their drive thru atms are always out of service.
Very frustrating dealing with this branch.
But chase is over all a good bank which is why we keep them for our personal and business accounts.
My fifth third of choice, quick and the personal banker is extremely helpful every time .
I'll give them 1 star for jumping on the target issue.
However that is all i will give them.
They cancelled atm cards knowing they could not get new cards to customers for weeks.
Over 2 weeks without new atm cards.
Moving to another bank next week!
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Admittedly, it's my own fault for trying to open an account here again.
My first time me was not enjoyable, but out of convenience of location, i figured i would try again.
Boy, was that dumb.
The latest incident brilliantly describes what it is like "banking" with them.
I opened the account 2 weeks ago.
You can't make this stuff up.
After calling customer service, they advised me i needed to go into the branch to resolve it.
Another waste of time.
After passing me to multiple people they tell me there is no way to reopen the account.
Again, save yourself the headache and find a different bank.
You see, there's a time when common sense should take over and do what you need to get done.
Apparently it's too hard for arizona federal.
Get your act together.
Hire more people and fill all the spots.
It should never take 30+ minutes to get a rent check.
I am reviewing on my visit this morning.
A young man named mike did not help me or try to help me.
I had several issues to handle.
One was a lost debit card and then wanted to cancel another account.
I just returned from out of town.
My drivers license expired 2 days ago.
This was my stop before dmv.
I had a credit card and health card as well as the 2 day expired drivers license.
He said he couldn't help me because of the expired license.
No attempt was made to verify my identity which would have been easy...guess didn't like his attitude..
I have been to other branches where they go out of way to help...
Managers name is joseph franklin.
He will go above and beyond for his customers.
Will bank with them for years to come
Wells fargo its self i had a bad experience with a few times.
I ended up closing my account that day and going to boa.
Great service and great clients!
We are proud to serve you gilbert!
Come see us and let us prove the client is always number 1
I have never in all my life dealt with such incompetence.
The people i've dealt with are nice enough, but every step in the process has gotten screwed up somehow.
Their entire loan process is inefficient and broken.
I didn't think any bank could make wells fargo look good, but us bank has done it.
Very dissatisfied with this bank.
Additionally, every time i come here for a specific purpose, the staff tries to sell me something else.
Definitely not a fan and would not recommend to a friend
This guy was recommended to us when we first moved here several years ago.
Do not expect him to communicate with you at all.
Save yourself time, money and aggravation and avoid this agent.
I was visiting my parents in arizona over christmas and received a few checks i wanted to deposit.
I came here probably 2-3 times in a two week period to deposit checks.
The tellers were always very friendly (i used the same one twice) and knew exactly how to do the transaction.
My only issue was one time i came there was a huge line to see a teller.
The line was out of their line-up area thing and it took probably 20 minutes of waiting.
Had a great experience opening a new account with us bank.
The teller walked me through the products and services they offer.
This location is located in the smiths grocery store on green valley parkway.
He spent more time than he probably expected to but was pleasant the entire time.
I had the same bad treatment when i lived in california and nevada seems no better.
They will ask you to write down your ssn and your occupation!
Also the transaction takes forever!
I feel like their running you through the system like your a criminal!
It's kind of rude and intruding on the customers especially for me since i am disabled.
I opened an account with desert schools credit union years ago.
I never did much with them since i have accounts at another bank as well.
I decided to start looking at options for an auto loan and figured i'd revisit ds.
I am so glad i did!!
I was welcomed by a friendly employee as i entered the camelback branch.
After no wait at all, one of their loan specialists (jeremy) introduced himself and showed me to his desk.
Jeremy was extremely professional, knowledgeable and made the entire process not only a breeze but very delightful!
I truly felt like a person and not just a number.
Guess what these intelligent employees do?
Nightmare, headache, low credit score thanks to literally this garbage credit union.
Since it was such a big amount of money, we wanted to deal with a person, not a machine.
Anyways, we got there at about 4:30, knowing banks close at five normally.
The line was practically out the door, but they kept it moving fast.
The lady who helped us was very friendly and handled everything swiftly.
I know its her job, but she's really good at it.
Since this is close to our house, i'm sure we'll be here more often than any other bank of america.
I did a deposit at this location today.
None of the employees seemed to be doing anything productive.
You'd think they could at least keep the place tidy.
Even the tellers booth had trash on it.
I've never been to such an unkempt bank!
The least they could do is acknowledge the existence of their customers, but not here.
I can't believe they have only 2 bankers working at any time.
This is my second time where it has taken an hour to get banking done.
If your in a hurry then go to another bank
Except the many many fees for this and that.
I was referred to great western for a mortgage refinance via my mother who found them via lending tree.
Rick beaty was who i dealt with and initially we were very pleased.
He seemed perfectly willing to answer questions and get back to me in a timely manner.
He did respond quickly though on the front part of the process.
For these reasons i gave the 2 stars.
Come friday we had heard nothing from him.
Despite repeated efforts via phone to his office and mobile, as well as email.
And while i understand that family emergencies happen, he does not work in that office alone.
There was no family emergency surrounding that breakdown of communication.
During the lunch hour, there is no one available to notorized for customers.
The customer service is going downhill.
The branch i have gone to fit years doesn't even have notaries at all now
They need to hire more people!
Their customer service has become absolutely ridiculous.
Unless you have a lot of time on your hands, i do not recommend.
I'm actually getting ready to move my accounts elsewhere, after 10 years of banking with them.
Arizona federal just keeps getting worse year after year.
Service: their service here is great.
I'm a regular here and i really appreciate how they remember my name.
They're really nice and they also offer more accounts and etc to up sale.
The drive through atm is kind of hard to get into when your coming in from the street.
Be careful in this parking lot people drive like nuts!
I have my ira, my homeowners insurance, my car insurance, and a credit card with usaa.
I couldn't be more pleased.
They offer excellent investment advice, and i recently had water damage in my kitchen due to a leak.
It turned into a mold issue.
And they were right.
This is a nice branch.
It has two drive-thru atms.
They also have lots of people working the regular, employer-serviced drive through lanes.
Usually when i visit all lanes are open.
The inside is small, but nice.
The staff is very friendly.
I have opened both personal and professional accounts here.
This branch will also exchange currency before an international trip.
But plan ahead; it takes a few weeks.
Long hold times and mistakes at every turn.
Moving all my insurance to another company.
Andy and joshua are very helpful and the spend time to address all needs
I have had this bank for over 4 years and plan on getting rid of them.
Some of the representatives are very unprofessional.
Customer service is slow and i usually have to call twice for one issue.
Either somebody didn't follow through with something, gave me wrong information or my phone call drops after waiting on hold.
There is no bank in my town.
If i loose my debit card i am screwed.
Their dispute department is a joke.
I had a payment made via bill pay and it went to someone else's' account.
They still didn't get my money back.
I don't have enough hours in the day to fight it.
They just bank on the loyalty to our vets.
This company isn't that great.
Go somewhere else and you will also get a better interest rate.
This was the worse experience i have ever had with them.
I walked in to open an account for my daughter sat for 15 minutes with anyone acknowledging me.
She went 3 time back and fort to asking question.if we have id, school id, passport?
And we said yes to all of it.
I couldn't believe my ears and my eyes.
What i experienced with them.
I have my mortgage,my business and personal account with them.
I am closing all my accounts with them.
I will refinance my house and will go to another bank.
Exceptional customer service provided by knowledgeable staff.
I appreciate that he has "my back".
I've been a client of andrea's for over a decade and i've never even considered changing agents or insurance companies.
She's always professional, personable, and is quick to assist me anytime i need anything.
(that includes answering any stupid questions i throw at her.)
Andrea never makes me feel like a client.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a better insurance agent to take care of you.
It declined three times before i called to figure out what was wrong.
After a 10 min.
Wait to talk to someone they said they cancelled my card.
No one  contacted me.
The lady was so rude.
She said that there was nothing i could do except wait for the card in the mail.
How inconvenient is that?!
She told me the number but i was driving so i asked her if she could email me the number.
No she told there was no email in her office.
I asked if she couldn't email me, or if there was absolutely no email at all in her office.
Erin then replied that there was no form of email in her office and there was nothing she could do.
Imagine that, chase national bank with no email at all?
What a liar, i get emails all the time from chase.
So i went in saying how that seemed completely ridiculous and theres no possible way that was true.
I asked if she never got any departmental emails, or her work schedule sent to her... again she said no.
After talking to this hyaenas woman she transferred me to someone else while she stayed on the line.
Cindy got on the line and the first question i asked was if she email in her office.
Her answer was simple and sweet yes.
So of course i was immediately furious.
Cindy followed up by saying they were not allowed to email customers directly but the damage was done.
After the fact erin could not even admit she had lied.
She didn't for another half hour until i got hung up on!
The entire call erin kept talking over me and was so so so rude.
I thought that was the worst customer service ever!
However i was wrong.
It is a week and a half later and i have not received my new card.
(go figure) so i had to call chase once more.
He said thats ok then it will take 5-7 business days.
I asked if there was any way to get the card sooner.
All i could do was go down to the branch.
He said once the charge was made i could call back and have the charged removed.
Besides whats the difference between taking the charge off, and never charging me to begin with?
He said well let me see what i can do...
He then said he found away to remove the charge on his end.
(again another lie, he knew how to do it and just told me there was nothing he could do.)
I can't believe that these are the idiots i have been trusting with my money.
Definitely go here to open an account
I think this location is suuuuuuper cool.
Ask me why..  why lena?
Lena: because the drive thru atm lets you pull out $10!!!
Yanno.. sometimes i dont want $60 cuz i dont need that much.. and sometimes $40 is just not quite enough.
So i'll pull $50!
Its even an option on the fast cash screen so you'll get that spiffy $10 even faster!..
Boy.. i've never seen this before.
Am i way too amused by this?
(my friend told me to do this).
They didnt do that..wells fargo does!
I didnt say that out loud cuz the answer i would get is 'we're not wells fargo'.
But i like bofa cuz they are everywhere.
Overdraft and the fees are outrageous!
Or just stick my lower lip out and hope someone feels bad.
Manager is rude condescending.
The branch on 130 ave is superior   they are pleasant and knowledgeable.
I was referred to lori smolke at great western through lendingtree.
I got a really great deal, and perhaps better than that my experience working with lori went incredibly smoothly.
Of course i needed to come up with an arm and a leg, pdf it, sign it, fax it, etc.
But that is required of all institutions.
It was hectic and uncalled for.
My experience with lori and great western, as i said, was smooth as could be.
Lori always responded promptly and was always able to help with whatever i needed.
I definitely recommend working with lori!
Wells fargo  dealer services  are the worst  to get a loan for your car.
Avoid  at all costs.
First i could only make a minimum  payment  online.
I absolutely love how helpful and polite every employee at this location is!
I had to stop in a few times this past week and margaret mims is absolutely fantastic.
Thank you so much for your help!
Avoid at all costs.
Company is beyond tragic.
Somehow they debited against my checking account anyway.
It's obvious to me why they wouldn't release that call despite having it recorded.
), despite being for the exact amount of my car payment and clearly intended to be my car payment.
This was after a wells fargo banker specifically told me to write "principal" on my check payment.
Total incompetency across the board.
The office of the president is useless as well.
I really like midfirst bank!
True five star rating!
Insurance can be confusing to me, but mary makes it so easy and comfortable!
Her and her team are awesome!
Great service and i feel like they really are there for me!
Easy to access with big parking lot and mail pick up right outside.
Always quick and painless when i come in there.
Bank of america customer for a decade until a few months ago.
This particular branch is less than warming, as have most of my experiences been with bofa.
Granted, not all experiences were bad.
The time i went in to close my account the banker was relatively nice, although obviously bored.
The last time, today, was after i went in to discuss my recently deceased father's account.
Nor did she want to look into anything or offer any other options than get out and good luck.
All with a smile on her face.
Take your business elsewhere.
These guys (women actually as i've never encountered any dudes there) are friendly and super efficient.
It's a bit hard to find the place from the sidewalk, hopefully this photo will help !
I have banked with desert schools since 06 and have never had a problem with cashing a check right away.
But a this location they decide to put a hold on more than half of it.
Made it very fustrating when i needed the cash for today.
Kyle miller helped me with a loan.
He was knowledgeable and gave me options so i could choose the best way to borrow at the lowest rate.
Friendly and professional, kyle was awesome.
It was a great banking experience.
I would definitely recommend oncu and kyle.
If used several different banks so far and chase has been the one the most satisfies my financial needs.
This specific location has great customer service and makes sure everyone is helped as soon as possible.
The manager also comes around to greet and make sure we are taken care of.
Had an accident and they handled it promptly, paying it all out within a few days.
Worked with the body shop of my choice, without a hitch.
Banking has been excellent customer service as well, even with dealing with complex fraud issues.
Today certainly validated my decision to close all my accounts with wells fargo.
After waiting for 10 minutes and still nothing i left.
Additionally what happened to a professional dress for a banker.
Jeans, tennis shoes and a football jersey is not it.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
I wrote a check for services to trudy p. for $350.00 on 11/29/16 from bank of am.
The check was clearly written.
She cashed it at her wells fargo bank.
So after 40 days, the incompetent idiots at wells fargo finally find my missing money and i get it back.
I did have a banking account at this horrible place and now, thank god, i have closed it.
Big bank 1 human 0.
This rating is regarding usaa auto insurance...(you know the corner cutting company nationally over-advertised all on the tv screen.)
Don't fall for the hype.
Apparently here, the "one-sided relations" work best when you just pay your premiums and require nothing in return.
To usaa, you represent nothing but a "number" and expen$es.
(this going beyond the usual insurance let-downs...very impersonal, poor customer service.)
Sorely regret switching to them.
My favorite bank of choice and i've used a few over my years.
Cant go wrong here.
The woman who is the branch manager there is a total biyatch!
Worst retail banking experience i ever encountered in the whole world!
Definitely the worst military bank i've ever banked with!
Entered my account info for 1 company who sold my account info to a 3rd party.
If that's not bad enough, their customer service never know the products or services they sell/offer.
Their tech support don't know how to navigate or walk you through their website.
Their hold times are ridiculous and their customer manner is even worse.
Employees are very attentive and friendly.
The parking is plentiful and the hours are very suitable.
Drive thru atm at this location so it makes it convenient!
Was trying to be a new customer: tried to walk in to start 3 accounts on a saturday.
Is it that difficult to get the ball rolling?
I've bought new cars in less time than it takes to get this done.
Going here is like going to the dmv- if you like to wait in queue, bank here.
There are many better choices.
I've now been with chase for 2 weeks and i regret ever walking into this branch.
I will go tomorrow and speak to a supervisor to try to fix the mess this employee did.
Amazing company to do business with in every regard.
They stand behind their values.
They care about their members and they demonstrate that daily!
I just because an employee for usaa and may i just say...wow!!!!
Happies person in the world!!!
Mogo is the worst possible lending company ever.
Don't let their print advertising lead you to believe that this is the company for you!
It is the most unorganized company i have ever dealt with.
The employees are as poor as the service they attempt to delivery!
Search for alternative lender's, shylock would be preffered to deal with versus this mickey mouse operation!
Govern your self accordingly.
There are other business's who would be happy to take your scheckles and say thank you!
I have been a member since 1989.
Love the card, never late, always a great credit score, always a great credit limit.
I had to cancel that card in march for some bad reasons.
I did not owe discover card anything - it is paid up with a zero balance.
What exactly does "membership" mean at discovercard?
Is it the 29 years of great business we did together?
Or am i just a new  schmuck with a brand new discover card?
And a crappy low credit line?
Be wary and be warned.
Dont ever ever ever cancel a card with them.
They forget you immediately.
I will be closing my account and going to a credit union asap.
Nothing worse than bad customer service.
Only and best agent i've ever had.
This office is amazing and has taken care of me for almost 20 years!
The ladies over at nsb are the best.
They are so helpful and courteous.
I will be a forever nevada state bank customer.
Do not bank here!
They make mistakes, that end up costing you time, and frustration.
Then when i called to speak to a branch manager, i found out they don't have one!!
I was on hold for almost 30 minutes!!!!
This branch is not helpful, they have no discipline, nor controls.
They don't care about customer service at all!!
Wish i could give them 0 stars.
Everyone at state farm was very kind.
If you need an insurance agent, contact mary!
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
What a dirty location.
There is trash stuck all over the barbed wire outside of the window.
Lots of confusion for something so simple.
This creation of an account was a requirement to get a loan with them.
I sincerely wish i would have chosen another bank.
This place is run down and needs torn down.
Never use roger from here.
He is a slacker that just can't get things done on time.
This is my 6th home purchase and this was the most complicated and worst experience by far.
Don't be misled by lower fees.
You will eat them up with wasted time for requests for the same information that they keep losing.
They also will ask for one thing at a time vs. doing it concurrently keeping you busy.
You have a good chance of missing your closing date with them.
You will spend far more if you use them.
If you enjoy making multiple trips to the ghetto where one would have worked, then roger is your guy.
If you like it when your closing date is missed due to overall incompetence, then give one nevada your business.
Otherwise choose another spot.
They also sold my information to everyone under the sun.
They bombard you with misleading spam as bad as i have ever seen too.)
Already hard to pay the mortgage and getting harder.
Under no circumstance do not get a loan with wells fargo.
They will screw you every chance they get.
The worst finance company i have ever.
They do bad business.
Helen and ricardo - thank you!
What a day with wells fargo and i can not thank you enough for listening to me as a human!
Respecting me as a person!
We all fall on hardship sometimes and i appreciate the help, thank you helen saenz!!!
Not only do they know my name when i walk in the door but they know my children's name.
They always go above and beyond.
They will even come out to my car and take my cash for me when my kids are asleep.
I wouldn't bank anywhere else!
I really like this bank too, i come in here to buy the money orders to pay my son's tuition.
The staff is always prompt and wonderful, and they remember my name!
Amanda was a life saver.
Thanks again amanda and discover card
Erica is always ready to answer my questions and provide the best guidance she can!
They all couldn't be more helpful!
I've been a one nevada cu member for over 10 years.
Since moving to this side of town i have been using this branch.
The people here are amazingly friendly and know me by name.
I rarely visit other branches any more!
The agent april acknowledged she made the mistake yet the owner christine also provided oversight during the process.
Christine, the primary licensed individual, then went on to falsely alter their accounting system and payoff amounts creating further issues.
I filed a complaint with arizona department of financial institutions forcing mtl to acknowledge i had a valid contract.
These folks lack a basic understanding of contract law and business integrity.
I've been going into this branch for about a year now.
I bought a house down the street and this branch is on the way to work.
I usually zip in and out of there.
All the tellers are awesome.
All know me by name.
The only downside to this location is that it is near a senior living neighborhood.
And let me tell you, the worst thing about this branch are the customers.
I am always getting cut in line.
Like an unreal amount.
Am i really that invisible?
One customer even told me i had a ridiculous hair cut.
Yet the poor tellers get the brunt of it.
Also, no one fills out their slips which makes the wait time even longer.
What's wrong with you people.
The slips are out there while you wait in line, theres even a pen provided!
Fill out your slip!!
Even so, when the tellers get chewed out, they never transfer that energy to the next person.
They just keep on smiling.
Kudo's to you guys!
Keep up the great work and great service!
I'm glad to have a local chase in the area.
Bank charges financial institutions are willing to charge their customers.
Horrible, horrible, horrible, the worst financing company i have ever worked with in my entire life.
I have a car loan with them.
I never had this issue with chase.
So now i have it turned into my credit union with a $125 fee on top of it.
Who does this to customers??????????
If i could give less than one star i would.
Wells fargo is the worst customer service company i have ever dealt with.
They told me if it didn't get there by a certain date they would report me to the credit bureau.
I see from the other comments that i am not alone.
Wells fargo, if you want to keep good reliable customers you better change the entire culture of your organization.
We, the customers, are the entire reason you exist.
I would be ashamed if my employees ever treated someone like i was treated.
I will never be a wells fargo customer again for anything!
Wow so you guys are super annoying over $500.00???
I tried making a payment on 6/19 and for some reason it was reversed.
I logged onto my wf account to realize this today 6/26 and paid the amount due.
Not insufficient fund issue and then 2) calling people after they have paid.
So yeah you guys are annoying and from a customer service perspective a bit disjointed and super offputting.
She wasted my time and then at the end tried to confirm my contact info.
(pebble) dawson smith the vp branch manager really showed why this bank gets such poor reviews.
What he did instead was lodge an "anonymous" complaint with elder services for a senior being exploited.
As a banking institution, why not inform authorities on the up and up not anonymously?
Doesn't take a genius.
Apparently dawson smith stands behind a woman when times are bad.
Dawson smith has a great future at a bank like wells fargo, that's where leaders like him belong.
Will stop all possible business with this bank.
Side note: karrie j. did exactly what she said she would do.
Quick to take their payments but if you have a refund coming don't count on it.. at all..
I came here today with the intent of opening an account.
First, this branch doesn't even have pamphlets.
That's okay, i'll take my business elsewhere.
Stay away, they need to go bankrupt asap.
She doesn't smile, she slams her fists, shakes her head at you and is just the rudest person!
Try not to get a title loan in the first place.
They are relly nice to you and polite.
What they tell you on the phone is not the whole truth.
They told me it would cost $xxx.xx to borrow a small amount for 30 days.
Actual monthly interest only payment will be twice that amount and will not reduce the principal.
They prey on people who do not understand this.
If you don't properly go through all the hoops they have the right to repossess your car.
To payoff the loan you have to obtain a cashier check.
These people are getting rich from hoping you make a mistake.
The customer service at this location is phenomenal!
Chris helped my beautiful lover, christine,  and i open a joint checking account.
I like using wells fargo bank it self, but this rating is for the customer service i received from maria.
She was supposed to get back to me with answers with several different questions i had.
Not once, did she ever call me.
I had to track her down every time.
This is not good customer service at all!
I hate when people can't do their job!
The worst finance company.
I honestly would give them 0 stars if possible.
Their service is horrible.
I guess the 1 star can account for their online account management    these reviews speak for themselves.
If i could give negative stars i would.
We paid off our vehicle almost 4 yrs agob and received our title.
Uh hello the account was settled almost 4 yrs ago, the same time we received the title.
Please be careful when going through this company!
For one when you express a payoff what a process.
They have no physical address.., it's a p.o.
Box second they say they keep it in the box until there's enough mail to check the box.
My biggest mistake was doing business with them.
Their pobox is in colorado.
Do not finance throught this company.
They represent thenslves as a credit rebuilder, not true.
I called requesting a defferment however was told the expense did not qualify.
Only to find out almost a year later that it apparently did.
My credit took a hit from the late payments.
I recieved correspondence stating that an adjustment will not be done.
Terrible expeience, i will never use in the future nor will i reccommened them to anyine i know.
We just moved to az from alabama.
We were insured with mary several years ago.
Mary's office and team are caring, helpful and amazing!
This is the most insensitive business i have encountered.
We had a family member pass away that had a loan with this company.
I did a courtesy call to them to notify them of the death and got the owner christine.
We got in a little argument and she ended up saying "have a nice life" and hung up on me.
Don't ever do business with such evil people who prey on people desperate for money.
They don't even deserve one star.
Worst wells fargo branch ever.
The experience i had was not great.
She was having a very hard time understanding this.
Finally after about 5 minutes of more explanation she runs my payment.
I ask her what can be done regarding the late fees.
Bare in mind,  the card is a b of a card.
Thoroughly disappointed with the customer service at this location.
I always get excellent customer service here, in and out in less than 5 minutes.
Security guard & tellers are all so friendly and efficient!
Sorry so short, but not much to say about a bank...lol!
Is this the expectation for customer service???
Today was my first and last time i will go into this branch.
I work off tips and bought a large amount of ones today (175 so not too many).
And proceeded to count my money while huffing and puffing and not making eye contact.
She was weird and the vibe was even weirder.
Then she laughed at me both times a had to sign the receipt.
She was extremely rude and i'd hate to deal with this person ever again.
Go to 7th and missouri they are leaps and bounds better there.
This is the first time can honestly say i've been disappointed with desert schools.
Congrats dana, or whatever your name is.
The staff here are amazing!
I had some challenges with my account and scott mulvan was great about helping fix it.
Customer service here is way above average!
Always the worst bank !
The line is alwaysssssssssssssssss longgggggggg!
Avoid this bank at all costs
When my husband and i got married 9 years ago he had this account.
I was not sure about it because i have always used banks.
My experience has been nothing but good.
They loaned us money for a car at a much lower interest rate.
The i retest on our savings is better than the bank.
I have only good things to report about this branch.
This location does exist and is open for business!
It's next to jersey mikes sandwich shop!
Open 9-5 mon- thurs, 9-6 friday and 10-2 on saturday.
No one fights for their clients like mary.
Ehhh every wells fargo i go into i'm treated like a product - i have feelings wells fargo!
On a serious note cause its not that bad this last visit at this brachial was decent.
The lady who helped me was nice and easy going.
She also tried to sell me some wells fargo shit but that's her job.
So after 30 seconds i was ushered over to a teller and helped.
3 stars - decent wells fargo.
I've had 2 different car loans with this company.
And it was a dreadful experience for both.
Waited 35 minutes, 4 bankers available and only 1 helping out customers.
Approximately 7 customers walked out in the time span that we spent here.
Strongly recommended to all potential home buyer, casey is on the top of it, super aa+++++++++++ all western mortgage.
Awful company to get a loan through!!!!!
Every single month i am getting a fee for something even though i pay on time.
Meanwhile they charge us overdrafts and give us penalties on loans for their issue.
Don't recommend this bank at all!
They still reported it as delinquent.
I'll go elsewhere for financing from now on.
I arrived at this bank this morning at 9:20am and decided to use their drive thru service.
I would not recommend this bank.
My situation has gone past the point of absurdness.
I have a car loan with wf and have for several years now.
She asked me the amount and sends a check on time every month.
I log onto the site...it says nothing about my account being past due.
At first i thought maybe the payment and the email just "crossed in the mail" type thing.
Well the nasty calls and emails continued so i called to find out wth was going on.
She clicked away on her keyboard and came up with a figure that would square everything up.
That night my aunt went online and paid that amount...problem solved....right?
These people are the biggest shysters on the planet.
Do yourself a favor and get a loan through "acme screwu over car loans"......you'll be better off.
First of all, they shouldn't judge people based on how wealthy they think they are.
It's tacky and just plain rude.
Secondly, i'm a person, speak to me with respect.
Best branch in the state.
These guys are all so nice and helpful.
Even we i move i'm going to be coming here for all my banking needs
Wfds seem to be running as smoothly as a square tire these days.
Great service and great price!
Currently i have my auto insurance, renters insurance, auto loan, and life insurance with this agency.
They continue to help me save money on my insurance and everyone is very friendly.
I have been with state farm since i was 16 and i love their discounts for loyalty.
Hands down some of the best customer service i have ever received.
Thank you state farm.
One of the most corrupt corporate cultures out there these guys could squeeze blood from a rock.
Intentionally insane bureaucracy designed to catch you up if fees sham.
Chase used to be my #1 bank but unfortunately lately their policies have been quite a nuisance.
I think a station casino check would probably go through, but who knows???
Customer service at its best!!
The worst company ever to have a loan with.
I keep calling back every few weeks and am told a different story by every person i speak with!
Don't trust this company with your loans!!!
Open till 7 and open on sundays?!
Your the best huntington.
Staff is always very friendly here.
They always have pepperidge farm cookies on the counter on fridays.
A couple saturdays ago, went with my mom to get my name added to her accounts should the unthinkable happen.
We first went to chase which took all of ten minutes.
The personal banker was great - in-out-done.
Then we headed to her credit union at approximately 10:00 am.
They were quite busy, apparently.
When we checked in, i heard grumbling from other customers and asked the wait time.
I was told there were two people ahead of us in line and it "shouldn't be long."
30 minutes later, my mom went to ask how much longer it would take.
Jennfer, who was manning the reception desk, dismissed her rudely in front of a lobby of customers.
45 minutes later, i went up to ask if it would be much longer.
Jennifer said curtly, "we're busy."
Apparently, on saturdays, they're busy and one should avoid transacting business there on the weekend.
To that i received a reply she did not have one.
The woman sitting next to her informed me she was the assistant manager and that they were busy on saturdays.
My biggest beef was this: if it was going to be an hour to speak with someone, tell me.
I can make other arrangements or come in during the week.
Being told first, "it shouldn't be long," and then, "we're busy" is not an excuse.
Or don't open on saturdays!
Started our relationship with usaa with life insurance about 4 years ago.
We don't live near an office so all of our dealings have been with the corporate office or on line.
Eventually, we'll be transferring all of our banking and insurance over to them..
Really disappointed in this branch location.
In general chase as a bank is fine.
The branch acknowledged it was their mistake but couldn't fix it immediately.
They said they should be able to reimburse us since it was their fault.
Now that things are no longer moving forward  i'm posting an honest review of them.
Worst ever...said i was behind or missing a payment.
The worst place ever..long wait only two tellers.long wait every time and long line..
First let me list some qualifiers before i start with my review.
I was recently involved in a minor accident where the security gate closed on the front of my car.
There was security video available.
Their lack of support began immediately.
If i had used an independent agency they would have had my back, not usaa.
You might be wondering but why this bothers me.
That is all quite frankly no help because they just assume your giulity and start processing the claim.
That would be very good if i was not trying to get gate owners to for it.
An accident attorney disagreed when he saw the video.
I called for a reveiw of the facts, not to take the case for action.
Usaa even agreed to pay the gate repair.
Guy at the development for his time to check the gates.
Has to be the worst service ever!
Attempted to do a reloan online and site said that i was in collections.
This has happened several times and i am a good customer!
I feel sorry for those customers who aren't!
Again mogo is a total nightmare company!
I am surprised that they are still in business with such horrfic service!
Turns out they were premium bonds, and they were only cash-able in december....but debbie matthews saved the day!
She set me up with a line of credit and i was off on my trip with out a hitch.
National bank just moved to their new chi-chi location in the new development off bayview ave.
It's much more modern then their old location, and their hours have improved to serve their customers better.
If you need a mortgage, go see debbie...tell her the crazy red head lindsey sent you.
They don't know the law it's always a hassle trying to get into the facility.
They are all wash out and can't make it as a real law-enforcement office.
Chris was great helping me with opening another account today.
He was very detailed and accommodating with my needs today.
I have lived in vegas previously and i know that vegas people are not very friendly in general.
Thank you chris and staff at this location!!
What a joke of an insurance company.
I was hit by a usaa policyholder several weeks ago & filed an immediate auto claim with them.
Weeks later usaa wouldn't even return my calls or communicate via email on the claim.
If you are a veteran look elsewhere for insurance.
Like the liberty mutual tv ad " maybe you should check out the company."
This usaa spends mega dollars on tv.
!their service sucks & they leave you holding the bag.
Disputed a charge on my visa in december 2014.
I did consider it fraud and had no additional info so i did not contact visa.
The 2/23 letter goes on to say i should contact the merchant directly if i still dispute the charge.
I called the visa 888 number today and spoke to a representative that agreed the letters make no sense.
Never had a fraudulent charge before and i hope to never have another one.
The amount is minimal and is paid at this time.
Not impressed with this visa card from the one nevada people.
Make sure you have a photo id if you need to do cash depositing.
Long line, try skipping this branch as necessary.
Adam and hannah boles and their team are true mortgage professionals.
They were always available to take our calls or respond to our emails.
They were able to complete our purchase loan from start to finish in 14 days.
They are quick, knowledgeable and always willing to go the extra mile to get the job done.
They always have the customer's best interest in mind and will make sure you get the best deal available.
I highly recommend them for any of your home loan needs.
Great rates on loans and credit card.
I don't know what more you can ask from a financial institution.
I wholeheartedly recommend aloha pacific!
Avoid at all cost.
I financed 2 vehicles with them concurrently over 5 years.
Timely payments were made monthly on both.
They fail to mention processing time to credit your payment to your account.
I paid them electronically for both of my loans every month.
The date i paid electronically, they snatched the money out of my bank account immediately.
There was no processing time.
I have been waiting a week and they still have not processed my payment.
I spoke with 3 different departments including the "supervisor" of customer service.
So, i would just have to wait a few days to see when it posts.
Never again will i do business with wells fargo.
This should be illegal.
I no longer live in wi and i still bank with summit, all online and through cu services.
Never in last 24 years have i ever had a bad experience nor been treated unprofessionally, seriously; no lie.
No i did not receive any sort of remuneration for this post.
I've had 3 loans with them now and it's always a pain.
Their systems are antiquated and you always have to go out of your way to fix their mistake.
Took zero responsibility of course and offered no assistance.
Shame on me for using them multiple times, lesson learned.
I wouldn't give them a single star if that was an option.
I had a local handyman come and remove the destroyed bed, bedding, dresser's, tv, electronics,carpet, etc.
I was then told that i would hear back.
A couple of weeks go by and now i am being asked for reciepts and pictures of what i had.
Who takes pictures of all the things you may have in every room?
I paused and asked what about the other items?
I was told "based on what i sent" that was all they were "prepared" to cover.
No answer-she had not recieved it.
I resent it all yet againalong with pictures that i found that matched what i had-and stated as well.
I was asked leading questions about my claim and what i had.
I explained that the pictures i had sent and the pictures i sent that "looked exactly like what i had".
I was then told that she had found those same pictures on the internet.
Then i was told this would have to go to yet another manager.
They did not even attempt to talk to the men that removed and hauled off the damaged items.
Do not do business with this "veteran" service-they are no better than the rest of the thieves out there.
I went in other agency at maryland, they made my deposit using only  my driver license.
To expedite the process of a windshield fix and i literally am back where i started....twice!!!
It's ridiculous how inept the people in this department are.
Well you know what, don't get mad the next time your account gets breached.
It's a bank, not the express line at walmart.
They're dealing with high amounts of cash on a daily and also rude ass customers(such as yourself).
Give them a break.
I love the staff here.
Josh, amanda, barb, and evelyn are the coolest/nicest tellers i've ever had the pleasure of doing business with.
1 is too many :( the worst nightmare ever!!
I am so sorry to have signed a car loan with them.
They are rude, treat you as if you owe them a big favor.
We can deferred the payment only if you have an        emergency".
Don't you think i know i have a contract with you???!!
I am well aware of the fact!!
That's why i'm calling you!!
And, from my point of view, this is an emergency...
I am so pissed with this company.
I even had to write a review for the first time.
If i could give less than 1 star i would.
This place is hell.
I'd rather be raped by the devil himself than deal with any of these people again.
We were about  to give up and just rent again.
When we first talked she was super pleasant,kind and answered all my questions.
Casey helped us make our dreams possible, i am glad to say that we are homeowners now!
I thank god for that day that our friend jessica gave us casey's contact info.
Couldn't have done it without them!!
Thank you casey for making it possible!
They perform a soft credit check & it showed up on my credit report!!
Stay away from maxium they lie!
If they lie about the credit checks... what else will they lie or do???
If i could give them a negative star i would.
Please don't thing this review is based on me being bitter about being denied it is not!
It s because i was lied to on the phone & in their office!
Mary is such a passionate person.
She takes the time to understand the your unique situation and needs.
She works hard to find the best plan for the buck.
Pretty sure all your 4 and 5 star reviews are done by there staff.
At the end of the day... they are just loan sharks.
And they know it.
I pay every month... usually over the amount.
I was late 6 days and they told me they would take my car until i paid them.
My pay day was in a few days and they could t wait till then.
They have no compassion... and whatever b i spoke too was aggressive and rude.
Kindof scammy and creepy.
I may be spoiled by california credit unions, whose charter is to serve their customers' needs.
One nevada instead acts like a big bank - out for their own profit.
They charge for everything like money orders and checking accounts and notary - these are all free at wescom.
And their loan rates are seemingly quite high.
We know why they waited to tell me i didn't have enough money.
And, their courtesy sucks.
Try another credit union folks.
I've used wells fargo for my last two cars.
The interest rates were great and i would do business with them again.
As banks go, chase has gone a long way to improve.
They now offer overdraft notfication so you can fix it before getting charged.
They have the scan your check feature allowing you to deposit checks without actually going to the bank.
And most importantly, everyone is very friendly.
I am glad i switched back.
This bank of the west location is by far the most friendly, knowledgeable staff in las vegas.
Thank you for your service and on-going professionalism.
I'm happy to be part of your family.
The names given are bogus so they have now started a code system due to unethical behavior by their employees.
Advice: refinance immediately and get well away from wells fargo dealer services!
Almost the worst finance company i have ever worked with.
After more than two years, i refinanced because i couldn't handle it anymore.
This company does not shine at any particular subject.
Never had a problem with their online account management system.
Nobody was very rude on the phone, just a little undereducated about their own policies and procedures.
I called them and asked what they needed for me to do this.
I then faxed (outdated, yes see #2) in all of the documents.
I then refaxed it the exact same way and lo and behold they received it!
Can only send and receive documents via fax or mail.
This is 2015, wfds you need to get modernized and start accepting pdf via email.
Using email would also fix #4.
They do not communicate with you after you ask a request or send in a fax.
This is seriously so inefficient but it's the only way because they won't update you at all.
- very high-interest rate.
Don't know if wells fargo's policies don't allow representatives to be customer friendly or the representatives themselves are very rude.
Happy to say goodbye to wells fargo.
Taking advantage of military families is egregious and the worst kind of mercenary behavior.
This bank is the worst bank!
I have had prepaid cards way more reliable!
Also their customer service line hours are not customer friendly either.
They have the worst customer service line i have ever called!
They love to play with your account and play with your money.
So go ahead if you dare!
Love this location every single time i come here  everyone seems very nice .
They have great customer services i will definitely come back.
I don't know where else to turn.
I was the 2nd person in line with an estimated wait time of 10-15 minutes.
Seriously, this marks 30 minutes waiting to be helped.
This is also my second day back because yesterday took over an hour!
I am fed up with this location.
Which is fine i guess, but can someone explain why the line right now is out the door?
Seriously, drive the extra 10 minutes and go to a different chase.
There is always a security guard at this branch.
The branch itself has a strange configuration of teller windows.
The tellers are quick & mostly friendly.
Some of the chase branches on the west side really need to better train some of their tellers.
This rating is meant for bbva over all, not specifically for this branch.
I had an issue where an ach payment for my electric bill was not honored.
The customer service agent hung up on me when i asked him to follow along with me doing the math.
He agreed that what i'm seeing adds up but then proceeded to argue that his screen shows something different.
Different than what you have customer facing?
Needless to say i'm done with compass and will go back to the credit union offered from work.
At least they offer great service
If i could give no stars i would.
You walk in and aren't greeted..
Just not courteous of their customer's time.
I had to ask twice for someone to call another wells fargo rep in connecticut which is ridiculous.
I'm a loyal customer and that is the least they could have done.
So i just walked out.
They made me seem like i was bothering them and wasting their time asking for help on my account.
Listen this is what you chose to do for a living so if it's that aggravating then get another job!!!
Worst customer service ever.
Will never be back to this location.
The atm is always breaking down.
The lines go quickly& the counter tellers are very polite even on busy fridays!
Can't believe these people are still around.
Please ask around before getting a loan, especially if you're considering wells fargo.
I am so sad to write this review.
I've begged, pleaded, and threatened to leave usaa, and i get nothing.
I can't talk to one point of contact, so i have to explain it over and over again.
I'm tired and i want my life to go back to normal, and i want my banking to be easy.
Still not a fan of going inside the building to use the atms scattered throughout.
The tellers are all rude (that i've dealt with) if one goes that route.
Wait time for other services, like notary, are easily 30 minutes or more.
Best mortgage broker on the planet.
Casey is truly the best broker i have ever worked with.
She understands her customer needs, and provides the right solution.
She also has an in depth knowledge of the mortgage market, which makes dealing with her very pleasant.
1 star for how slow the line was.
When i entered there was an average of 15 people in the line and it began to grow.
All those windows and only one bank teller.
The was a person who was helping out the line she actually help me out with a deposit slip.
How she help me out.
I was depositing money to a boa account which i do not bank with this bank.
So i needed a slip that was stating which state the account holder lived in.
But only our side was the one that lead with the most foot prints.
I will not return to this bank for service do to lack of bank tellers.
Jfk financial is the best company to work with to make your dreams of owning a home a reality!
I wouldn't go anywhere else!
The tellers were super knowledgeable, helpful and friendly.
The only reason i came to this branch was to get an on the spot debit card.
The chase banker was able to resolve the issue on the spot and bring the customer's anxiety down.
Let me start by saying as a credit union, i have never had an issue with customer service.
Very friendly tellers, speedy service, great all around.
My low score is because taking out a mortgage/construction loan with uw has possibly been the most infuriating experience ever.
Both of us bank with uw though so it made complete sense to take out our loan here.
The problem currently is no one can tell me what is going on with this loan.
I can't see it online on my uw dashboard, i was told, because its a construction loan.
So i can't track my loan or make payments online.
So they tell me i have to mail in my first mortgage check, do on june 15th.
Except its been 2.5 weeks since i mailed it and it hasn't been cashed.
Me, trying to be the responsible party, calls uw to see if they've received it.
Well it looks your mortgage maybe with our mortgage servicer.
So i'm transferred to the mortgage servicer.
Only to be told they don't have my mortgage either.
Who am i making payments to and where is my check?!
Not only that, we had initial issues when first taking out the loan like getting timely responses.
Oh, and when we signed our title they forgot to mention our contractor needed to be there as well.
On a friday morning.
You know when we found that out?
When the title company told us as we were signing the papers.
No one from uw told us because we were having a construction loan that our contractor needed to be there.
This is the rudest bank.
I thought that is what banks did.
I had an account with them for 30 years and this kind of customer service is why i left.
Can i give no stars?
They are an absolute horror to deal with.
Never do what they say, and don't expect to talk to a person.
Hours on hold and they can't  help you.
Usaa once was a wonderful company which had the best service.
Now they are a corporate machine about their bottom line and not the customer.
I've been a member for 20 years.
Now i am done.
You have to make coming to this bank a real errand and time.
I just don't get why they see there's a line and they only have one or sometimes two bank tellers.
Hope they can get it together no one likes waiting 30 min or more for something quick.
This is a horrible institution.
They charge non account holders a $10.00 fee to cash a check drawn on their account.
They call it a "processing fee".
What have we come to?
This is presently my branch of bank of america.
The staff is helpful if you have any kinds of issues.
I appreciated the quick and compassionate service, as i was pretty freaked out.
Worst company ever and i'm including verizon and comcast in that list.
Same issues as everyone else except i had a new twist.
The first month i owed i overpaid my monthly balance (which they cap at 3x the monthly amount owed btw).
They then apply overpayments as credits to future months owed rather than a down payment on the principle loan balance.
Called, complained, talked to several people and was told it is policy.
Contacted the consumer financial protection bureau and got a call from wfds "office of the president.
Second month they didn't apply it correctly again.
So i didn't think about it for a month and a half.
I logged into my account this month (45 days have past) and now they are saying i am past due.
They are all liars and thieves.
Each rep will tell you something different.
No one communicates, no one knows the rules, they simply do not care.
They do what they want and f$&@ the consumer.
Regardless of what you do they penalize you.
I have never had an experience like this before.
Stay away from wfds!!!!!
You have been warned
This branch has the least customer friendly policies/tellers i've ever encountered from a chase bank anywhere.
They insisted on stamping the back "rejected."
I went down the street to another chase branch and had no difficulty making the deposit.
Do not go to this branch.
He said he didn't know how to teller so he couldn't help out
Never ever get a car loan from these guys!
They are the worst ever!
No customer service and so unprofessional.
They never answer the phone, customer service workers and supervisor kimberly is terrible.
The word they love the most is unfortunately.
Never getting a loan from these guys.
Biggest mistake i have done!!!!!
I am extremely upset, words cannot describe.
Wells fargo dealer services you are a big fail!!!!!!!!
Come here if youu want to wait an hour or get told to make an appointment.
The blonde lady with glasses in the front is basically useless.
The tellers made me get back in line when i forgot to mention something.
Literally switching banks over this i'm done with chase lol
I absolutely hate everything about wells fargo.
I would rather take the bus than use wells fargo again.
The worst company ever.
It took a week to get it reconciled.
Do yourself a favor and choose a different loan.
Stopped in early this morning to open a new account and become a member.
Um ok. maybe i will try else where.
Where in the world do you turn away a new customer with cash in hand over a meeting?
Could one of them be excused to help?
This was not a great first impression.
My experiences at aloha pacific were never good and never got better !
The manager ( vivian ) needs to  acquire knowledge and management training !
Everyone including people not of their race should be treated the same , such is not the case here !
Everything about these guys is horrible.
Terrible customer service, bad rates, predatory practices.
Yet wells fargo continues to deduct funds from my checking for the car loan.
Let that sink in.
I am shocked to read the online reviews of wfds.
Were excellent the 2nd time around, with constant updates on the status of my loan app and follow through.
I had my loan documents a day after approval and overnighted it back to them by fed-ex, at their expense.
I was told because i am not in the banking field i do not understand.
Best customer service from margaret mins!
She helped me out tremendously!!
I love this branch!
I've been with this bank for almost 10 years and i wouldn't bank anywhere else!
Joshua and andy are very helpful and they spend time to make sure everything is addressed
Cibc is finally getting some humane hours.
Service is generally pleasing aside from the rude fa who occupied the office beside the csr section.
They also have a pleasant woman at the welcome desk.
Fix your damn atms.
Always broke or malfunctioning.
Had to go to 2 locations last night due to this recurring problem with this bank.
This is the worst run bank in all of vegas.
The staff is friendly but management does not care at all.
There is consistently lines out the door with the manager standing and doing nothing.
It's the same thing every single time.
Avoid at all costs.
Don't even think about getting your loan with maximum title loans.
I went to location in scottsdale the ladies in scottsdale location were very professional and respectful.
I spent 4 hours to make the payment go through.
Very disappointed i will never ever use them again.
This review is basically for a recent experience i had here.
I was greeted immediately and asked what i needed help with.
My problem was that another person was getting emails about an account they aren't on.
He made sure that the person's email or phone number wasn't on that account anywhere, which it wasn't.
So, unfortunately, he wasn't able to help me any.
I gave this experience a 4 star only because they weren't able to fix a problem that was their fault.
I did end up closing down the account.
This is the worst customer service bank i've ever been to!
This place needs better management.
I can't stress how important it is to have knowledgable associates that work for a company!
However i have to ding them on a few stars because of the customer service!
I work for a financial institution so i know exactly how this transaction should've went.
Lisa said "oh it will post the 5th"..
My transaction took place on the date it was due so i in fact am not late!
Learn your transactions or be properly educated on these simple questions before sending your people out on the line.
Weird.. was my transaction processed correctly?
Was i impressed with the service?
Was my questions/concerns addressed?
So that's 1 out of 3 that puts you at 33% which equals a fail!
This is the b of a i frequent the most.
I mainly use the atm for deposits and withdrawels.
They do multiple check deposits which speeds up the deposits process.
Occasionally, i have had to go in and the customer service has been great.
Theres never been a line and the employees have always been very helpful.
Wonderful experience, i really hate going in to the bank.
Lost my atm card and alex burruel made my transaction painless and quick!
Come in almost daily for corporate deposits.
Always one teller and 8+ people in line.
It's a shame because the staff are all very kind but whoever staffs this place needs some serious help.
Knowledgeable and friendly staff.
I feel welcomed when i first walk.
I've only been there twice so far but the staff recognized me from the first visit.
Their customer service and care is horrible!!
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
They made me want to leave state farm as whole and go to a different insurance company.
If i could give -5 stars i would.
Avoid at all cost!!!
They are the wost.
These are the kind of financial institutions that are running this country.
I recently bought a car from a dealer and had to use wfds for the financing.
I had hoped that their recent activity into criminal arena had taught these people a lesson, boy was i wrong.
Needless to say i was hot and called them up right away to find out the deal.
They had charged me a late fee to boot.
I told her i would not need any more than that because i was paying the vehicle off.
I'm done with anything that has wells fargo name on it, not even a toothpick.
People, please learn from this and stop the bleeding...
I've been to three different chase locations.
All of them have lousy customer service.
The staff are always rude, condescending, and slow.
They stand around talking to each other more than helping customers in line.
If i could i would give all three of the chase branches no stars at all!
Despite providing insurance info again and again, they fail to update the records and keep charging more every month.
I have financed cars all my life, these people are the worst.
We tried to get pre-approval letters from our banks and no luck.
They wouldn't help us figure out why it wasn't getting approved.
Found casey through yelp with amazing reviews and decided to try her out.
Working with casey was amazing.
She went through underwriter to get our pre-approval letter and everything went smooth sailing.
We were able to close 8 days earlier.
Thank you casey for helping us purchase our 1st home in vegas.
Will recommend friends and family to you!
Any loan i have, i pay extra to shrink my principle balance.
My first month with wfds, i pay extra.
Second payment statement - no reduction on my principle amount.
But my second payment has been reduced by the "extra" i paid.
I still pay the same amount thinking it was a misapplication of the funds.
3rd payment statement, even further reduced by the total "extra" i've paid.
You have to be 3 months ahead on your payments before any additional funds pay down on your principle!
This may be "legal" but it is not ethical.
I am fortunate that i can pay off this loan, but they are loan sharks.
Every week is (loan) shark week for wfds!!!
Do not use them!!!
As a disabled retired marine you would think usaa would have my back.
We'll let me tell you that's not the case.
It's been well documented for almost two years now that my usaa had been hacked.
After reporting numerous fraudulent charges to my account, i received provisional credits as you would expect.
However, usaa pulled a fast one on me on 11/08/17.
After receiving my $1800.00 rent payment on my co rental, usaa snatched $1361.00 all at once.
Called it a debit card recovery.
That was all the provisional credits i received from the fraud charges.
Then to cause insult to injury, they bounced the $1500 check that was pending  the next day.
They would have known that by taking back the fraud charges that would bounce that check.
Then they had the balls to charge me $29 fee on top of that.
I had deposited that $1500 into my chase account due to all the compromised i've had with usaa.
Now my chase balance is $191.00 in the negative accruing it's own overdraft fees on a daily basis.
Doesn't usaa understand what fraud is?
The criminal steals your card number , then goes on a spending spree.
Of course the merchant is going to say it's my card.
After being with usaa i'm at the end of my rope.
I'm not going to allow the criminals to steal my money, then have usaa steal it for.a 2nd time.
I went to the phoenix police department today to file a identity theft case.
As far as i'm concerned usaa is no different then the criminals.
Usaa is support to support veterans, not steal from their accounts.
8 employees standing talking watching the 6 people in line.
This was at opening time too.
Management, wake up and take care of customers.
Last time i come here.
I would rather walk, barefoot, then finance a vehicle with this company ever again!
I would not recommend this company to anybody unless you like dealing with headaches and jerks!
And one lonely teller trying to care for a growing line of people.
I expect more from ds.
Wait of over 25 minutes.
I was in a tight spot and needed some money to pay bills.
They were very nice, but the process took almost 2 hours to complete.
Really bad interest rate even though i have good credit... so i'm moving my loan to capital one.
Thanks for making it complicated, wells fargo.
Won't be doing business again.... ever.
Hoping you go out of business, in fact.
They don't know the law it's always a hassle trying to get into the facility.
They are all wash out and can't make it as a real law-enforcement office.
Smaller chase location by avon lake.
Tellers provided great customer service, they were very pleasant and courteous.
This is probably the worst customer service ever what a bank should not do.
To  refuse a service to just change a $100 bill non  member  .
Your a bank, change the $100 bill for maybe a future  or possibility further customer .
Greeter was polite , but after asking service mgr and refuse .
What type of customer services are you really giving ?
Choosing only your customers for service  and losing a possibility customer in the future ?
I like uwcu on the whole, but i was unimpressed by the service at this location.
My last visit was almost a year ago and the poor interaction is why.
That is the one main thing that made them stand out from all the other financial institutions.
Considering there customer service has not been the most exceptional.
Apparently there new slogan is a credit union made up of us.
Well i wouldn't charge us to hold on to our money.
Interest rates are terrible, total rip off and they misquote your credit file to charge more interest.
I switched to capital one and my interest rate cut in half.
Monthly payments are significantly lower.
The reason i went with them is that wells fargo is the only company the car dealer used.
They are a horrible finance institution.
Has been our bank branch for 20 years.
Bank of america encourages its customers to use the atm in order to "save time" and not wait in line.
Makes no sense whatsoever.
First time at this location.
Probably the dumbest idea ever to put both drive up atms right next to each other!!
I don't know why anyone would do such a thing.
Customer service is not a familiar term with this company.
Never been more disappointed with any transaction in my life.
Be very cautious when banking at this particular location!!!
My husband and i both have personal and business accounts with wells fargo bank.
One morning my husband went into this location and placed a cash deposit with a young female teller.
When she returned she stated my husband was $1000 short!!!
My husband was in shock.
My husband demanded the branch manager, bj to have the surveillance reviewed or the police department would be called!
Bj gave us the run around and made up excuses for the teller's negligence.
We called and spoke with a supervisor from well's fargo call center and finally had the issue resolved.
A courtesy credit was made to our business account for the $1000.
Wells fargo would not disclose what was found on their surveillance.
Don't go with this bank.
No one knows what's going on.
Took me hours to straighten out.
Corporate office was suppose to adjust a amount.
I'll never get another loan with these jokers.
Most stressful experience of my adult life.
I wrote a check for $65k for a porsche with a lien held by credit union 1.
Standing at the counter, i very clearly asked the next steps.
They said the title was held in chicago, the lien would be cleared and the title sent to me.
It took more than a month to clear up; interest and insurance cost me another $500 while waiting.
Nice enough people, but it took more than a month to clear up.
Very stressful with my $65k hanging out there.
I chose casey to handle my refinance after a bad experience with an internet company.
This was the smoothest transaction i've ever had in closing a loan.
From start to finish, casey was on top of everything.
I can't say enough about the level of service i received.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone who is looking to buy a home or refinance their mortgage.
I never write yelp reviews it's very difficult to deal with their incompetent staff.
Not a real fan.
I am typing this on my phone please pardon the errors.
**if thinking about a loan through this company do not do it!!
**  the worst loan company i have dealt with.
Rude customer service who like wells fargo are shady, bureaucratic lying cheating ass hats.
Expect nothing more then a horrible web page, rude agents and fees.
Like many have said, i pay down loans faster.
Wfds does not like this so put as many blocks in place as possible.
Refinance your loan and get away from this company as soon as possible.
I always use a basic rule when selecting a new business.
When i can, i look at how a company resolved issues.
That is the surest way to see how they will treat you.
Read what everyone here is saying about them.
Wells fargo has a forever tarnished reputation in my book.
Scam me once, i share my experience.
Real review is rated -1 star.
So i was in a jam and needed some money to pay my rent.
Borrow money against your car?
I didn't even know this was possible!!
The whole process was really easy and only cost me a couple hundred bucks.
Hopefully it won't be necessary but if i'm in a jam again i know where to go.
I will give this company a -100 if i could.
So i wake up on wed. morning aug. 1 my birthday and see my car is gone.
I call 911 since i thought it was stolen, they told me it had been repossessed!
I was in shock i just made a payment two weeks prior thinking how could this happen.
No notice or anything.
I was sooooo pissed!
So here it is a week later and i still don't have my car.
He cannot get in contact with the department that approves the fee to have my car towed back.
Like i said i still don't have my car and i'm incurring rental fees and all.
Both my husband and i will have to take off work to go and pick up.
This is insane and unbelievable.
Avoid getting a loan from them at all cost... because it will cost!
I had a loan from them back in 2014.
I had medical bills plus the stress of finding a new car.
As of june 2017 wells fargo still reported an open account at $0 to the credit reporting agencies.
I am currently in the process of buying a home and overnight my "total debt" increased that much.
I immediately called wells fargo and jumped through hoops to speak to the correct person regarding my account.
After explaining my situation 3 different times i was finally transferred to a female employee that was extremely rude.
She treated me like i was this worthless person that just didn't pay my bill.
She could not explain what the charge was for or why i owed it.
I'm confused how could i over pay if i was told i still owed?!?
This has been so frustrating and confusing.
I would never use them again and advise anyone to avoid them at all cost.
Nothing but issues with this branch the new management jocelyn garcia has done nothing to make it any better either.
It for the awesome service at every other branch i would of left this bank.
It's unfortunate due to them closing in 5 min i couldn't make to a better branch.
Avoid this branch like the plague!
This is the absolute worst finance company.
Cannot believe how unprofessional, uneducated on their own policies, and disorganized this company is.
Stay away if you want to keep your sanity.
Nobody wants to review a title loan place because it's really embarrassing.
And a lot of other things negative.
Like me :)  very friendly, professional, quick to make a decision, no crazy questions, etc.
If you need to borrow against your car this is the place.
Jeremy clemena, a member advocate at the branch, recently helped me with a small loan.
He made the process so easy and updated me throughout the process.
He's a consummate professional and i wouldn't trust anyone else with my finances!
If you are looking for a loan, opening an account, financial advice, and more, don't hesitate to go to jeremy!
I notified them and they suggested a refi.
In april, i began receiving calls from wfds about my april's payment.
I was informed that i owed a balance of $59 for april from a monthly payment of $335.76.
They deserve no stars.
They really are the devils walking on earth.
Just like their retail banking, dealer services is just as shady, if not worse!
I called numerous times to make payment arrangements and nothing and the customer reaps the consequences.
I wonder where they hid their horns and pitchforks in their photos?
Finance your car anywhere but wells fargo!
My husband and i had applied for a mortgage with at least 4 other mortgage companies.
We had been told time and time again we had to wait  another year.
Throughout the purchase process, mike was always available either via email, text, or cell.
If we had any questions (and we had many), mike would immediately call or email us with answers.
We are extremely grateful to mike and the team at jfk for helping us purchase our home.
It's a hit or miss, and unfortunately i need to use this bank almost every business day.
Robot tellers with no care in the world about customer service.
I've been scorned at, yelled at, and treated poorly.
Yet, i am a customer that just wants to be treated properly.
I dislike this spot, but i continue to use their horrible services.
Not trust worthy, this loan should have ended but going on and on and on.
Opened a checking account with art!
He's awesome and very helpful!
Easiest account setup ever!
10/10 would highly recommend not using this bank at all.
Sued my family and would not work with them.
Nothing short of a nightmare.
The branch even suggested i submit a formal complaint after the service we both got from wfds.
Read the reviews, they speak for themselves.
I am in the process of relocating to charlotte, nc and was calling local insurance agencies for different quotes directly.
I was shopping for a multi-policy quote, renter's+automobile+motorcycle.
Seems easy, but the renter's insurance needed to include covering my pet, a pitbull.
First, it wasn't an easy task to find insurance agencies that cover pits.
So i already feeling discouraged.
I was going alphabetical and here i was s-for state farm.
Tyler at this office chuckled and gladly answered "yes, we do, aren't they just big babies?"
Anyways, when tyler said "aren't they just big babies?"
I knew, he knew.
I was relieved - weight lifted off my shoulders, yes!
He was friendly and i received quotes promptly.
I can finally rest assured, that this transition will be easy.
Thanks tyler at state farm!
I needed a loan and she made the process simple and easy to understand.
I would recommend maximum title loans in chandler!
I will be a return customer for sure.
The customer service here is horrible and the manager is very mean.
I still ho here because it's the closest one to my house but i wouldn't recommend it
One teller open on a saturday.
Business banking line is closed!
There are about 15 people in line!!!
Elderly people having to move a seat through line because it's so long.
The line is now to the door in the time i have had to post.
This time i waited 25 minutes!!!!!!!
Be sure don't try to pay other people's bills if you're trying to commit fraud here people.
I am disgusted with the way this banker krissy treated a long time customer.
2 people there for no reason , why are they on payroll ,
Not the greatest costumer service.
I have not had many good experiences at this particular branch.
This is just one of the bad experiences i have had here.
This was just the one that caused me to make the decision to change banks.
They have lost a customer i am going back to a big back that can handle real money
Another great experience with the newer guy today!
Blonde brown hair... younger... approached with a smile... eager to help!
Maybe she should retire??
There is zero transparency and customer service.
I strongly urge everyone to run from this "bank."
They will maliciously and fraudulently report inaccurate information.
Stop by for a soda, an awesome hot dog bar was abundant with accesories.
Love the "sausage" a.k.a.
Customer service here sucked.
The lady at the window didn't smile one bit or be anyway welcoming.
I had to get a temporary card and that same lady told me to wait at the blue chairs.
Probably never coming back to this location.
I called and was told they would be open until 4.
Very disappointing as it was not the easiest place to find.
Beware of chase banks atms.
At the end of it all i had no chance to cancel the transaction and get my money back.
I had to file a dispute that they have $1,800 of my money in their atm.
But bank of america's atm is better.
I typically use the atm only at this branch, but decided to go in today.
I don't trust the atm when making a deposit, i'm a bit old school when it comes to certain things!
I was surprised they had a greeter that immediately welcomed me with a smile.
She offered to help teach me to do a deposit on my phone with the app.
After a couple tries i got impatient and gave up on the app..
I thanked her then moved on to a teller.
There was no line and three tellers available.
I don't know what all the bad reviews are about, maybe today was just my lucky day?!
The gentleman teller was friendly and quick.
It's good to know great service is available.
This'll be my go-to branch for now.. hopefully i won't have to change my review!
We love to travel and we just found our go-to place to exchange currency.
They give a good rate with no added fees.
The two ladies in the front were really nice and helpful.
They quickly did the currency exchange calculation and got me on my way.
Be sure to bring a passport if changing over $1000.
Park underground near the tower side of the building and take the elevator up to the first floor.
Go through the double doors to suite 101.
This place is amazing!
I called last week to check their rate/fees and how long it would take .
I needed euros, pounds and icelandic kronas, but i wasn't able to make it down until monday.
Sure enough she had it aside for me.
What made me more happy is their rate is better than any bank!
They don't charge additional fees and it is immediate!
Thank you so much for your service!
Tip: exchange is cash only and no coins.
If you are exchanging more than $1,000 usd bring your passport only or photo id and social security card
And the drive thru tellers are usually kind at this branch.
However, today, i sat for 30 minutes, with a grumpy toddler, waiting to be helped.
And there i sat, with only one person acknowledging me.
After a quick apology from the teller and my returning to the waiting area, still no one assisted us.
There was no sense of urgency from the employees.
In short, it was a very disappointing customer service experience.
After a meltdown from my toddler and 30 minutes of total waiting, i needed to leave and so i did.
Without an acknowledgment of my presence or of my leaving.
I bank with this branch only because it's conveniently close to my home.
But, from now on, unless absolutely necessary, will i go into the lobby to be assisted.
I've been with uw credit union for over a decade and have been very happy with them.
I'll never go back to a bank.
There's something about the service here that makes this hsbc branch superior to the others.
On weekdays, this branch tends to not be too busy.
However, on weekends, there's lineups for the tellers that stretch for several customers.
Every teller does this, which is quite nice.
There is an express lane for premier customers, however it's not that clearly defined in this branch.
The rightmost lane closest to the windows is for premier customers.
It's a little hard to find but definitely worth looking for.
Excellent exchange rates and great customer service.
Ech so originally i thought this place was awesome because the banker was enthusiastic and seemed like he cared.
But it has now been over a week and i still haven't heard anything about my loan application.
I have got him on the phone once and he said he was working on it.
Every other time i call or drop by he is not there and no one can help me.
Definitely not coming to this location for anything but the atm and the tellers.
Every time i come to this branch i'm annoyed by the lack of tellers and employees.
Twice i've walked out without completing my transaction.
They are always understaffed and expect 1-2 tellers to take care of the 15+ people in line.
Its no wonder that when you finally get to the teller they looked annoyed and are hating their jobs.
They have 7 windows but only bother to use 2 max...why not use the other 5?
"i'm sorry we are just understaffed".
So in the end this branch has been understaffed for 2 years so far.
Re:prescott valley branch--i imagine they are all the same.
Good news: i got $300 for opening an account.
Since then they have done everything possible to get rid of me.
Everything i ask for is a hassle to get done.
They are as bureaucratic and stuck as the va.
Unless you can get $300.
Can't go wrong with this bunch.
Been using this specific chase branch since i moved to az in '10.
Never had a problem.
The employees are always nice and friendly and i've built a good relationship with them.
Wait times are awesome.
Never had to wait more than a few minutes.
Two atms outside and 2 drive thrus also.
I have used this bank multiple times over 15 years for mortgages.
Its always been complicated dealing with them, especially now more than ever.
Even look at the yelp review responses from the company.
They say contact us at info@thirdfederal.com.
It makes me laugh because it sounds like emailing that general email account will really get things done.
This bank is extremely outdated and getting responses for anything is painful.
She said that was fine.
I called them back to let them know she was on her way.
They refused to help her, even though the process would've been quick.
The notary was apparently with another customer, even though the teller told us that my wife should come in.
Another customer walked up while they were turning away my wife and they helped that customer.
Take your business to another branch that has the decency to not treat their valued customers so poorly.
Customer service at this location was a joke.
But had she gotten there 30 seconds prior maybe they would've been kind and professional?
Typical boa- biggest issue is the few times i've been to this branch, there's one person working as a teller.
There's usually a 15-20 minute wait before you see someone.
Other than that the branch is clean and employees are friendly.
I am very pleased with the level of service i have received from clearview federal credit union.
They process my mail in a timely manner.
Working with clearview is cooperative, simple and smart.
Other than that setback, i also wish i knew more about their investment practices.
As a member/owner, i don't feel that i am in reach of understanding and participating in their banking decisions.
Best insurance group to be part of!!!
Great rates for my entire family and i even saved money on my home insurance.
I highly recommend it to everyone.
My first time at this location.
From the reviews on this bank location i was kind of spective of it.!
But i had no other choice i was in the area.
Unfortunately the reviews on this location look pretty bad but i'm always optimistic.
Any who.. with that said i had a great experience..!
I was attended very quickly, by second i walked in by a bank teller.
I had several different currency bills and they exchanged all of them in one transaction.
Super happy i found this place.
I've already recommended it to my travel companion.
This branch is awful.
I'd rather be in line at the dmv!!!
This branch is located near my house, so i frequent it for payroll and my own deposits.
The staff is friendly and the drive thru is quick.
It is a convenient location for me to do business.
This is a stand alone building with drive thru tellers and drive thru and walk in atm.
Absolutely agree 100% with both mark & leanne...this office is unbelievable !!!
Can not believe state farm continues to let this man be an agent !
This location is not customer oriented.
The banking industry is very competitive, unfortunately employees here don't get it.
I completely gave up on using this location, though it is the closest to my home.
My previous time i had the same experience with the same banker.
I spoke with the manager over the phone later on.
You can get literally anything that you need while on a car ride (mobile accessories, food, drink, snacks, newspapers).
Amazing amount of options.
But the key is the customer service, because their staff genuinely gives a damn about you, and treats you well.
I'll always be loyal for this place when on business trips to phoenix area because they deserve it.
The staff here is always courteous & the store is always exceptionally clean.
Nothing like a little hard work to earn something.
Thanks for offering this program barnes & noble!
An absolute joke of a branch.
The customer service is extremely poor, especially from one specific teller.
I wish i caught her name.
But when she realized it was the person she turned away at 7:01pm, she hung up on me.
What a great location.
Greeted at door, offered water, directed to the correct teller.
Line got big so they took resources from other areas and opened up more windows.
Held the door open for me.
Actually a very pleasant transaction when i normally don't ever have anything but complaints about banks.
My teller reyna ochoa was very pleasant professional and efficient.
Joellen did a fantastic job walking me through a new auto and renters policy.
She was patient while i shopped around and followed up when she said she would.
I look forward to joellen and her team servicing my policies.
Our experience was good...
Customer service was great in helping me locate books i wanted.
Line at starbucks was long but help arrived and we were served.
Upon checkout i was helped by two cashiers which rarely happens!
Very clean well organized.
Staff were very friendly to alley.
There was a wide selection of products and staff were able to quickly locate wanted items.
This is an awesome office.
Very responsive and went the extra mile.
Ulyanna has called me on my birthday every year as well.
Even my previous 3 agents were good.
If we could keep out of state agents id stay with her office forever.
Any southwest or vegas peeps looking.
Check her office out.
Bank reps are helpful and get you going.
Drive-thru option is key for me to stop by.
This is a terrible lending service.
They will tell you constantly that you should be closing by a certain date and then push it back.
Closing takes forever and i would rather slowly tear my arm off than go through them again.
Joe was able to resolve my issue from my car accident.
Since it is summer time, call ahead to make sure they have what you need!
Also, notice the 4:00.
Also lucky that they had some pesos!
They didn't have as much as i needed not it was better than coming back!
Like others have stated, great customer service and polite even though i was in after closing.
For a smaller bank, you would expect greater customer service and more personal treatment from its management.
Unfortunately, their customer policies and banking solutions don't compare to their larger competitors.
Their treatment of good customers, when there is a discrepancy involved, is plain awful.
Once the heloc expires, there is absolutely no reason to bank there again.
If i could give them more stars i would!
This crew has helped me for a good three years!
If i have any issues or questions they were always available to answer them.
They never gave me attitude they were understanding and helped me through the issue.
She is really there to help you.
I appreciate you all so much!
Best customer service ever for a bank!
Tremendous service and people.
Been banking there for over 10 years now without an issue
I really love b&n, it's got a huge selection and they have a vast array of discounted books to boot!
This store is two levels with lots and lots of comfy seating, a starbuck's of course and really clean bathrooms.
I like my book stores to resemble libraries, which means talking in a whisper.
At this point i'd settle for an indoor voice.
There also isn't a lot of help around, but generally lots of people asking questions.
I recommend them if you need your money exchanged!
No charges or fees :)
90% of the time i go to the drive up to deposit.
Mind you they get there about 7am.
Well i am writing this today because i had a cash deposit that did not get posted until 415pm!!
I had emailed them through their website at 9am about no showing the cash deposit posted.
Manager was gone already.
I know what happened.
I am done with them and will be closing my account.
There were other situations in the past too, but i have written enough today.
Terrible bank.... nice people, yes---- but terrible bank
This bank is like flipping a coin.
I went into open a savings account and it was an extremely pleasant experience.
The lady assisting me was friendly, knowledgeable, and helped make sure i got the right account that suited me.
On another occasion i called ahead to see what their policy for depositing loose change.
I had already rolled and was ready to make my deposit.
Disappointing because i was told otherwise, but now i know... and you do to!
Still a great bank, very clean and usually never busy.
I had an overall good experience.
I had to wait to see a banker but it was during the lunch hour so i could understand.
Opened a checking account and it was pretty easy no hassle at all.
The staff was friendly, helpful and competent.
Well this long drawn out story started 7/20 and here it is 8/8 and still no money.
And i'm not talking about 20-30 dollars i'm talking 450.03.
So what to do?
Because i know chase can't just keep this mans money right?
Wrong, they have and i don't think they plan on returning.
The locations are limited.
So far so good and unable to create an online profile.
I do not like having to call to set anything up.
It's frustrating for those who work.
The few times i've been inside this bank there's been  no one else there.
So naturally they were pretty quick with service.
Quick and easy money exchange at great rates.
Funny thing is, the ladies behind the counter have not traveled much.
But they are making their kids travel (study abroad, live abroad, and so on).
Worst branch in all of las vegas!!!
I was greeted at the door.
Said need to withdraw.
Then people who arrived after me started going in and out.
All the while not one teller offers to help the priority line.
Just a cash withdrawal.
Not looking to do anything special.
Second time same exact thing happened.
Place is run like shit!!!
Not one person asked me if i could be helped...i walked out.
Worst branch ever....drive 4 miles the other way save yourself the frustration!
Then, they wasted an additional 10minutes of my time trying to add the checks up because they weren't adding properly.
Instead i showed up late, and my client was not happy.
Thanks for the inconsistent service you provided a long time loyal customer!!!
Gourgous counter people ,very proffestioal, somtimes get you in right away.
Avoid this company at all costs.
They are bullies, condescending and will try and scam you.
Do not trust them at all.
They are also extremely rude.
These people are not interested in helping you.
If you want to feel worse about your financial situation and your options give cheryl and prudential a call.
I chose to just stay in there but i thought the consideration and manners were great.
Well before 30 minutes was up i spoke with joshua haynie who was absolutely fantastic.
I couldn't recommend it, or joshua, more highly.
Refi  rocky start, communication problems.
Looks like it's all sorted out.
If everything goes through as they say, i will be very happy.
This could be the dream ending...
You have many choices when it comes to banking, branches like this make me wonder why others still exist.
I'm no billionaire, more like a thousandaire but they treat me respect and service that is unmatched.
Allstars in the banking biz
Never mind my previous reviews.
This bank has gone down as well.
This whole banking chain is going down hill may have to switch banks shortly.
Cannot imagine this location staying open much longer.
Possibly worst ba branch in nevada.
Miss dejanay sollas was the banker who assisted me.
I needed to refinance my auto loan.
Dejanay was quite accommodating and professional.
She is kind and her customer service is unbelievable.
She took care of the entire process quickly and efficiently.
She made sure that i provide all the documents needed for refinance with one nevada.
I also asked her to open me accounts and she proceeded with grace.
She explained with utmost care and compassion all the information i needed to know.
Dejanay sollas is a problem solver and a sight for sore eyes.
She should be a role model for all bankers nationwide.
And thank you one nevada for having her.
I will be closing all my accounts.
It's a shame as the staff at this branch is helpful and really nice.
Our representative, teresa popp was wonderful!
I couldn't be more impressed with teresa or happier with our choice for his first bank.
Thanks to a couple employees at this location, they helped me solve an uncommon checking account situation immediately.
Last month they started charging 12$ a month for their account unless you get direct deposit ..
Stay far away from this bank!
No matter who and how many times it is explained it is not a good business practice.
Michael was extremely professional and helpful.
Very happy i chose to go to this branch.
Would definitely recommend if you're planning on opening a new account or credit card.
Convenient location (closest intersection: jones and spring mountain).
1 atm in the front, possibly 2 in the drive thru area in the back (never used before).
Staff was pleasant to interact with, just the way they were trained to do by corporate or the branch manager.
Plenty of parking spaces whenever i am here.
In which case try to use the center turning lane, and frogger your way over as needed.
Just be careful of north-bound vehicles that want to turn left onto spring mountain rd.
Don't want no real life game over head on collision or hassles with insurance companies and five-os.
Peace in the south china sea.
My bf and i finally decided to make the commitment and open a joint checking account for our bills.
We booked an appointment with ct, who was highly recommended by friends.
He walked us through everything he was doing and answered all of our questions.
He made sure that we were comfortable with our decision and even gave us options for future investments.
He's super funny, so it didn't even feel like we were there long.
I would definitely recommend him for your banking needs.
Thanks ct, you're awesome!
Deposited check through atm.
On receipt it said my funds would be available next day.
They didn't have information on their screen, so they had to call.
Can you get the sender of the check to change your name on it?
No- the check was from my deceased mothers ira account.
Whoever denied my check deposit obviously doesn't know how to check a client database to see if it's actually them.
So upset that i have to go through this hassle with the money my mom left me when she passed.
2 stars because this locations atm's only work correctly 2 out of every 5 times that i try to use.
Worst branch of any bank i have ever had the displeasure to use.
Nearly any task seems to be a challenge.
Hopefully you don't have to escalate an issue the manager is less than useful or polite!
Nice building, but i haven't had any stellar experiences here.
When i went in a second time about the same issue, it was taken care of.
Parking lot is small although that's the trend in the entire shopping plaza even though it's an extremely busy area.
I took a visit to one nevada , and 30 minutes in i felt i had been a lifelong member.
Sometimes it only takes one person to represent a company, and shape your entire experience as a client.
Linda woodford was that person.
I have never felt so comfortable working with someone that i have never met before.
I went into one nevada to get the details on an auto loan.
I will absolutely be returning to one nevada to see linda whenever i need help with financial services.
My husband and i were on vacation in arizona and needed some hotel snacks.
We pulled into this store and were shocked!
Its a typical convenience store and then some!!
They have a wall of slushies (sugar free options, too!
What i liked best was the hot dog toppings!
There wasn't food splashed everywhere.
I don't drink soda, so the freshly brewed iced tea was a nice treat!!
There were even chairs outside where you can snack, smoke or just take a break.
The workers were friendly and courteous.
I wish we had a place like this back home!
I had a checking account with chase for 6 years.
The last year or so i havent used this account as much.
I've been using another bank as a personal preference.
I had an account with this institution for 6 years and this is how i'm treated.
Chase obviously doesnt care about its customers.
I started a new company recently and thought of getting a business loan.
But now will apply with another bank.
Chase is a joke.
I've been a part of the oneaz family since college about 14 years.
I love this credit union.
I've had three car loans including my most recent purchase of my outlander candy apple red beauty.
This time i had the pleasure of dealing with justin.
He's so helpful and patient with the whole car buying process.
So make sure to ask for justin when needing a loan and he'll make sure everything works out smoothly.
Great service by janet at this bank.
A new pin number and cashier's check issued/printed in less than 10 minutes.
I'm a happy girl.
The place is bigger than it looks from the outside and is clean.
No annoying music or tv playing either.
They had the a/c on perfect temperature as well.
Don't use this branch.
They give you the run around and make you jump through hoops.
Friendly staff members that always take care of me and my family.
Great rates, friendly and helpful service.
It was our first time but will now come only here for forex.
Very disappointed in customer service  at this location .
After leaving had very bad feelings.
I started panicking and look to see if somehow it was still in my purse.
So she had to basically delete the first time she did and start over.
The other thing that concerned me is that she didn't apologize and made it seemed like it was my fault.
I'm trusting you with my money, so i have the right to be worried.
I don't know about depositing my check at this location anymore.
Never enough tellers here.
Glad i don't bank here!
Wish my landlord didn't.
Always a line always
Bobbie (manager) so she says is extremely rude to clients and staff.
I'm a loyal customer for years and she tried to charge me a fee that was unheard of and inappropriate.
She said that her location was privately owned(lie).
Beware i will take my business elsewhere.
She represents the brand in a bad way !!!!
Super simple and fast.
Way better than the casino rate i was told at aria and no exchange fees.
This place is located in the tower and not the plaza.
It's a regular office layout.
I have been a customer of this chase branch for 1 month now.
I called back the next day (day 7 since my deposit) and did the 3-way call.
I've come to this branch a bunch of times and they're always extremely friendly and willing to help out.
The lines move pretty quickly too!
I went in to add my husband to my account and the wait was ridiculous!
Literally 15 people in line for the 2 open tellers while i waited for a banker.
Only come here out of necessity and obligation!
If there was negative stars they would get them.
2 times i entered the bank to make a rather large deposit.
Had to leave both times after waiting 20 minutes.
2 tellers to 20 plus clients.
It's an absolute joke they are staffed so poorly.
Almost an hour of my day wasted and $ still isn't in the bank.
I love 1 nevada credit union easy convenient always here for me
Four stars for having a security guard near the atm during business hours.
Makes me confident that my atm  withdrawels are going to me instead of a thug.
I have been to this branch numerous times.
So far i have had zero complaints.
I switched to this location because my agent's  office wasn't professional at all.
I started out with a young man named daniel who was very knowledgeable about everything i needed.
They have always returned my calls the same day, and took care of any issues i've had.
Branch employees do seem to be laid back in asking about accounts most of the time.
However, they do help me out all the time.
They also help waive some overdrafts when i did have checks deposited that may have not cleared yet.
Not all the time but enough to help and as much as they possible could.
Everyone is friendly and helpful....
I've known jared for over 10 years and have my auto/home and recently life policy with him.
I trust jared with everything from my golf cart to my life possessions.
Never a hassle and always great communication.
Had the worst service at this bank ever!!!!
I even brought all the documents with my to proof everything.
Normally at other branches i only had to verify my identity and bring proper documents.
My business has a few trade names and different clients will give me different checks.
Convenient location with separate atm drive-thru for many people to drive up and use.
Never needed to go inside.
And what to expect and so on.
I also visited with a teller for change into smaller bills.
Is there a negative  star ?
4 tellers and 30 peeps in line!
Wth i'm trying to be patient.
Its 4:25pm i hate this poorly managed branch!
It's always like this.
Today i wanted to get something notarized, got tired of waiting and ended up going to a ups store.
Great convenience store with good drink prices and gas prices.
If i had an option for zero stars, i would have picked it.
We've been processing with bofa merchant services for decades, under a special agreement with one of our suppliers.
In january, they raised the rate from 2.97%  to 3.6%, breaking our agreement.
That's $585, folks, for doing nothing.
This branch is awful.
I'd rather be in line at the dmv!!!
A man is yelling at a teller.
A women is yelling at a personal banker.
Can't seem to resolve my issue.
Terrible customer service and rude employees.
Service is absurdly terrible.
But what can you expect from this bank...not to mention their ceiling is deteriorating.
Needed to wire some money fast.
Very helpful and accurate - just what i needed.
One of my favorite locations to go to!
Always friendly and accommodating.
They have many book events and activities that are friendly to families and kids.
Love coming here for coffee too.
They just changed their website from a good user interface to a poor interface.
Information that is critical is no longer easily obtained without exhaustive transition searches.
You have to go to another branch.
They seem to misunderstand the importance of banking service and fail to provide it.
Nobody greeted me when i entered the bank.
There was a black girl who just looked at me and say nothing.
The employees are not friendly and helpful.
Efficient, fast, and professional!
Did a refi on my car and erin had it done in less than a week!
The women at the location on cactus are extremely rude.
....well who else could you assume it's with?!
The next teller i interacted with was rude also.
I then asked her what was my new monthly bill without the debt protection and she said let me check.
At this point i knew she was intentionally treating me this way but i couldn't figure out why.
Towards the end of our conversation the teller said "i could either shred this or...you can take it.
We can't do anything with it anyways."
I just took the paper with me.
I honestly couldn't even trust that she would shred it.
She seemed to have a problem with me for whatever reason she created in her head.
The employees made me extremely uncomfortable, it was just terrible.
I would not recommend sunwest to anyone i cross paths with, their customer service is trash
Always have to wait at least 10-20 mins.
One teller and all the other staffs just hang around and apologize for the slow service.
This is a very slow location they need to chill on the personal conversations  with customers.
Some of us have real deposits to make and cash to pick up
I always get the feeling they think they are doing me a big favor when i come in.
Recently i was in the market for a home mortgage and was treated like a total loser.
Mr bill b, mortgage banker acted like he was always pissed off at the world.
Even tried and talk to this guys boss and still was totally treated like trash.
Next step will be to close all accounts at chase.
Take your business elsewhere.
The customer service was above and beyond what anyone would expect.
I was supremely pleased to know that there was no minimum to open the account for a child.
Thank you for everything and keep up the good work.
Fast is an understatement.
Two cashiers, two terminals, handling two customers at once - one on each side.
This is their business model - awesome!
Hot tea, iced tea, flavored tea, brewed tea, boxed jarred and sunned tea.
I think i will quit my professional job and work at a qt if they ever come to michigan.
The employees here are very nice but maybe they're too nice??
This location always has a ridiculous wait for a window.
And even with 13 people in line (at 5-10 mins per guest!)
They only have half their windows open, as usual.
What is the manager thinking?
I use branches all over town and the branches on the east side process each window customer much faster.
This branch could take a lesson on what customer service really means.
This is for huntington bank in general.
It has horrible customer service both inside the banks and particularly at its call centers.
Every department seems worse than the next and it is nearly impossible to speak to a human.
They also do not honor any advertised services and cites the "small print" when denying them.
My boyfriend and i go to this chase all the time, since it is the closest to our house.
The service is always great and friendly, but this last visit really impressed me.
We were seated with besart sezairi, i think i spelled it wrong, and he was beyond helpful.
Thank you so much, besart!!
It was a total pain in the butt opening an account here.
I should have just said 'no' and gone to another bank.
I'm always in a rush & quickly explained my needs to heather pearce while making my appointment.
She instantly understood my personal & business financial goals & had an outline ready for me!
Heathers personality is fantastic!
She got to know me in such a short time & knew how to cater to my true financial needs.
Thank you again heather pearce.
Without brining anything into the review like interest rates or services offered i'll provide a review.
Their hours have improved over the years and now it is possible to get here after work on some days.
Whether you have to go to just the window or back to speak with a banker the workers are friendly.
I recognise a lot of faces always - turnover is low.
The place is always clean and the parking lot of large enough and private which is great for the area.
The atm requires you to get out of your car but it is accessible from outside.
This is located at the denison / w25th intersection which makes quick access to 176 and other highways easy.
Finally i understand why the rating of this bank is so low.
I have been the customer of boa for 4 years since i have been the us in 2013.
This branch is alway with the lowest working efficiency.
They alway let customers wait at least 15mins to see the bankers even if i have an appointment in advance.
I came to this location on monday 3pm to make wire transfer(they close at 5pm).
So i made an appointment for tuesday 11am.
I was really confused with the stupid policy.
If they can do walk in prior to appointment, why they refused to service me on monday?
Huge fan of this place, because it's real close to home.
This location is located next to albertson.
Parking can be busy at times.
Very nice and courtesy crew.
I have been coming here for two reason.
My father had his account here, and my credit union in california can be serviced from here.
Service: when my father passed away last year, i had to deal with desert schools for my fathers financials.
It was frustrated at times, they make sure all the paper work is in and they are very thorough.
Basically that's a good thing.
But in time, everything was able to be transferred into the estate account.
I was also very surprised that they will answer their phones in person.
Very convenient when you don't have much time to wait around for a call back or being placed on hold.
Just opened account, received wonderful service and so far so good.
The checking account had no fees and includes rewards as well.
Impressive that checks and debit cards can all be made on-site.
Bank of america is famous for terrible customer service but this branch takes the cake.
Every month its an hour long task to just make a deposit.
Two tellers and lines out the door while managers smile at customers loud objections.
Go to a credit union where people respect your time.
I came here to cash a savings bond while waiting for my boyfriend to go on lunch at the outlet.
I had about 20 minutes, so i figured it was more than enough time, but boy was i wrong!
I went straight up to the teller, swiped my card, and gave her my savings bond to cash.
I figured it would only take her a couple of minutes, but i was wrong...again.
Seriously, that took 2 seconds.
These people obviously need to work on their team work, customer service, and organization skills.
I literally stood there for 23 minutes waiting to have my tiny ass savings bond cashed.
2 star, the waits are horrible.
The staff is okay, some are nice and helpful and the others just don't care.
This branch is old and outdated and has no drive though at all.
Be prepared for the usual lackluster service, especially from bank manager anie or whatever the heck her name is.
The usual inconsistencies, that one can expect from most bank of america's....you will definitely encounter here.
...not to mention the dehumanizing method with which they conduct business
If i could leave 0 stars i would.
This is hands down the worst bank of america branch in sw vegas.
Or hell even 2 full time at a time would be better!
And we finally went to another bank entirely and the refi was done in less than 2 months!
This branch is full of morons and clearly doesn't give a crap about their customers.
If only cali had pit stops like these!!
All we have is chevron's and am/pm which is no comparison to this place!!
I got a 44oz mango limeade for about 2 bucks or so!
They sold pretty affordable iphone charger as well.
15 bucks duracell brand compared to the $20 china knock off at the mall.
What do you want me to tell you it's an atm.
Put your card in and pull out your cash.
Thank enjoy your own money
Great bank so far.
I like my main branch on pinnacle peak but this is a good backup location close to my house.
It's a little more laid back and relaxed location.
They seem like good neighborhood bank.
Don't forget to check out the pinnacle peak location.
I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seen at this bank!
Grade a service on all fronts.
I have always been followed up with if i left with any concerns.
Little bit of back story.
I grew up in tucson.
We had circle k's (ok) and quickmarts (usually ghetto).
I was instantly hooked.
I pull in and see the building is oval and their are chairs and tables outside.
Hmmmm, ok i'm intrigued.
Then i see a sign that says soft serve cones.
Qt raised the bar on itself.
You have exceeded expectations again!
I stop at this location after work sometimes and i find it to be very convenient with drive up banking!
The lines aren't normally long and the tellers are friendly.
Figuring out how to get into the parking lot was i have to admit odd for me.
When you pull in where i did, you have to drive up and around to get to the bank.
I wasn't sure i was in the right spot.
It looks like they have more building maybe to do and it will be more complete at a later date.
Best mortgage experience ever.
Greg and state farm bank made it very simple and painless.
Loan was funded quickly and with ease.
I love working with the ladies at this office.
They are always kind and helpful and always follow up to see how we are doing.
Their customer service is great and would highly recommend them.
Twas the  friday before new years and the bank seemed to be packed.
They had 6 tellers with a greeter.
Before i knew it, i was in and out due to them being soo efficient.
They shortened the line by taking customers who had deposits only, in the drive thru area.
This is my new go to location.....even though its kind of far from my house.
Idk if they are always this slow.
They are very polite.
They have 1 teller and one banker that is usually on an appointment.
And the most frustrating part is they have a host to direct traffic as if this was applesbees.
Lol rather then helping at all.
Joellen and her team are great.
They are knowledgeable and professional.
Great service and a great company.
I love this store.
But their book selection doesn't feel as good as other locations.
I really enjoy going to their deal section and looking at the cookbooks on sale.
You can get some great deals on really good cookbooks.
Looking forward to my next trip.
Thanks bank of america and thanks victor
It is not very crowded and most visits are quick and painless.
A long time ago, well a few years ago, this used to be a wachovia.
And when i needed to go to wf, i'd have to go down to albertson's to visit their mini-branch there.
Ps...this is my 300th review!
Jessika is the reason why i became a wells fargo customer.
She's very helpful, patient,  and ensures my banking needs are met.
Shout out to kristen for giving us a hand!
The staff are always striving to keep the line moving.
Worst, non-helpful staff at all.
Don't bother come here to do business.
I am moving from virginia to arizona and was referred to mike miller's agency by my virginia agent.
Shelby answered the phone and we have spoken many times since then.
She is the nicest, most welcoming person i have ever spoken to on the phone.
Both her and the office manager, matthew, have worked hard to make sure my policies transfer seamlessly when i move.
I am so happy to have been referred to this office.
Thank you to matthew and shelby!
Slowest bank in the world!!
It took me 30min just to deposit.the worker are talking story in the back!and the line is long as hell.
Went to open an account for my 16 yr old daughter.
She is so excited to deposit her very first paycheck.
The bank attendant who helped us was so clear and understanding.
It was a great experience for everyone.
She received her bank card today and screamed with excitement.
Not really sure why, because she is saving for college.
The best customer service.
You won't wait long and they respect your time.
The associates are very kind and  helpful
Once again you were right.
I had no idea this place even existed.
Plus i felt secure and confident buying my euros here.
Bring your parking ticket in with you to get validated  (even the parking was reasonable  $1.00 per 30 minutes).
We were only in the office for 10 minutes (with 3 people ahead of us).
Otherwise you will be looking for it.
We will be returning for future trips.
In order to establish nv residency, i had to get a local checking account.
I researched all the lv and nv banks and this is the one that i picked.
Setting up my new account was very easy, and the customer service at this branch was great.
There is not enough parking, however, or i just went there at a very busy time.
Overall, i have been happy with my new account, and happy with my choice.
I have been a very long standing with customer with nevada state bank.
I opened my account when i had a thriving business.
Millions of dollars went through their bank within their system and my account.
Needless to say, medical cost us everything we had, and we closed the business account that we had for years.
That bank treated us like we were gods.
We immediately opened two smaller personal accounts.
That was about eight years ago.
Ever since then, they nab me for every fee that they can get and they treat me like dirt.
They are not friendly and all of their managers and tellers that were there for years have all left.
I would not recommend nevada state bank for anything.
The only reason i still use them is for automatic bill pay that i set up years ago.
I leave that much money in my account, then i withdrawal the rest and take it to chase.
My three son's, my sister and my wife and i have all switched to chase.
Shame on them, they absolutely are the worst bank i have ever had, and i'm 60 years old.
I've been with bank of america since 70s.
It has gotten worse.
I come here because it's close to my house.
They always have excuses.
Which means i've talked to management.
I wanted notary today.
They said they don't have one, although it is an offered free service.
2 tellers with 15 ppl in line.
There is a manager.
They need to open up another window.
Manager is chatting with another associate.
She informed me she would handle my problem.
I am new to henderson or las vega, and i depend on yelp at all times for good information,
I was referred to ulyanna by my mother for my homeowners and auto policies a couple years ago.
Both ulyanna and daniel have been always extremely helpful!
The service is so personal!
Today was the first time my fianc and i met either agent in person and we had a wonderful experience!!
Ulyanna was so personable and she had a genuine interest in our lives.
She also took the time to explain our existing policies and different options that were available.
So, i would say it's definitely worth a personalized quote.
Tell them i sent you!
It's not my favorite location but i love the bank.
Mesa riverview is my peeps!
But a close 2nd is this branch
I walked in and was told 45 mins to see a rep.
I guess i have to look inpatient like these other folks just to get service...
I agree, chase is a pretty good bank to bank with.
But this location is absolutely the worst.
It's fine, if things changed and they require this, but please talk nice to your customers.
I will most definitely try to avoid this branch at all costs.
Unfortunately it's not just one employee but it's all of them starting with the manager.
Do not even think of going to this place.
I asked the gal erin if she was interested in buying a rolex submariner i wanted to sell.
I sent her pictures of the rolex.
My submariner has the oyste flip lock bracelet that is on every submariner!!
It is all original.
She was trying to pretend she knew something about rolex watches.
She did not have a clue!!
Do not even think of using these posers.
The best prices in town, i've done the research for you.
Extremely reasonable better than bank, airport amex any of them.
Save your money and go here
Honestly, i hope everyone reads as many reviews as possible before doing business with anyone.
The greeter came out to welcome us within 5 mins of walking in, signing in & sitting down.
Representatives are nice & engaging.
At the counter, the bankers always offer my children a sucker before leaving.
Keep up the great work!!
Waited for 30 mins alongside other patrons who were there 20 mins before me.
Went in to set up a checking account for my trust and the process was super simple.
All of the staff was welcoming and the gentleman who set me up, patrick, was awesome.
Highly recommend this location!
In planning my first trip to europe, i was getting overwhelmed at the thought of exchanging money.
In my research, i found this place.
The reviews were fantastic so i figured i would check it out to get some of my foreign currency pre-travel.
The rate listed on oanda was 1.2718 and 1.5458 respectively.
I was shocked that they were so close.
So, my decision was made and i was on my way!
When i first pulled in to the parking garage, i have to admit, i was scared.
I parked  next to the elevators and ran right into them with my cash.
There was a security guard in the little lobby area there so that calmed my nerves.
I walked in and the place was empty except for one lady behind the counter sitting in a desk.
All the exchanging was done within 4-5 minutes!
It was so easy!
What a breath of fresh(non-corporate banking mentality) air.
I will def use this place again!
The agents at this location are very nice!
We used to live around there and even though we moved, we still like to stop by.
The girls are so sweet and they are always asking about our kids and family.
We miss being so close.
I opened a wells fargo account since they have tons of branches.
Vegas doesn't disappoint and this one is not too far from the mid strip area.
Slowest service while all the staff stands around with a like of people waiting.
One teller in particular is rude every time.
She was familiar with him and spoke to him accordingly, asking him about his health.
He had been in the hospital for a while with pneumonia, also informed her his mom had passed in february.
He was wanting to try and cash a check that had expired while he was in the hospital.
She explained why they couldn't and he was ok with that and was leaving.
Are boa employees that damned heartless they can't even get the damned door for this poor gentlemen?!?
So very disgusted, looking for a new bank as soon as this is posted!!!
Beware the blonde vulture!
After changing jobs, my work once again had an account with pnc, and i am responsible for making work deposits.
The few that i will deal with, you can tell they're doing it because they have to.
They are the ones who comes across as humans realizing that this corporate bs is indeed...bs.
And from most, it comes across as completely and utterly fake 'friendliness'.
For the most part, it's a bank...go in, cash checks, make deposits, withdraw, etc.
I bought a house, and needed to deposit a large check from an annuity fund to pay for it.
Fake smiles, full of 'information' on all that they could do for me.
She was ranting and raving rather harshly on the phone, while another seeming assistant manager was nearby.
He verbage on the phone, right there next to a customer, was full of angry 'why would you do that?'
So not professional, human, or cool!
I will never deal with that woman again, and if she tries, i will give her an earful.
You do not belittle and degrade an employee like that in front of me!
For the most part, banking here in a common way is fine.
I would recommend most of the current tellers.
But should you need to bank on a deeper, m,ore complex level, avoid this woman at all costs.
Because it may end up costing too much.
Mainly human decency and integrity.
And finally, seriously pnc, turn off the corporate automaton crap.
Your over-trained corporate droning is more aggravating and annoying than encouraging and helpful.
Because i am a human...and i am a customer.
When i use a bank, i'm very choosy which branch i use, based on customer service.
For wells fargo, the best branch to go to is on 3002 north central avenue.
This branch (5033 north 7th street) is the worst.
They have two kinds of customer service; sales pitches and rudeness.
Occasionally, a banker will be argumentative.
Sometimes the sales pitch will be obnoxious.
This is for shelby and this location.
Great customer service skills!
As for the teller we all make mistakes.
My husband should of re counted the money as well before he left.
Im glad we were able to get it back!
The exchange rates here were good.
I bought yen with dollars.
Location: i felt a bit lost, but was able to locate it with some guidance with the people there.
I parked in the garage and got my ticket validated.
The place looks clean and it was easy exchanging at the counter.
It does feel sketchy from the old building and the people around.
Driving here, there were some construction going on around the complex.
This place is convenient to me as i work around the area.
It was only a few minutes away and is now my favorite place for currency exchanges.
If you have nothing to do but get frustrated this is the service for you!
Starting a new business is difficult enough without being overcharged for crappy service!
Stay away...run to the nearest competitor...
But it does not even look like a bank, in the traditional way.
Meaning no bulletproof barrier and counter separating you and the tellers.
One of the reasons i like credit unions is most of them have shared banking.
Well i found out the hard way that this one branch does not do shared banking
I had to exchange euros for dollars recently and foreign money exchange came very highly recommended here on yelp.
All this even though i have an account at the bank.
Instead of dealing with all that i took the yelpers' advice and went to fmc.
I'm happy i did.
Super easy to find, quick, friendly transaction and i got exactly the dollar amount i was expecting.
A very pleasant experience.
So, to recap, fmc was great.
My bank can suck it.
Banks are banks, and generally evil.
The people who work here are quite nice and make the bank a reasonable experience.
That gets them four stars, despite being the root of all evil.
Went here about a week or two ago , to open a bank account for my significant other.
Not a damn retail store...very unprofessional, if you get fina back out ....
Really surprised there have been no reviews about this location.
It is been around forever.
They've got bulletproof glass separating the tellers from the lobby... sure if there have been problems here before.
The tellers seem friendly but i rarely actually go to the bank anymore.
Got to love online banking and direct deposits :)
Deposits are held for nine days if you are a new account holder.
The 1st agent on the phone told me this will happen for the first six months.
The agent inside told me sixty days.
So much for having a consistent policy.
This was never disclosed when opening the account.
So now a paycheck is not available to pay bills.
Way to go desert financial.
Shutting down the account and the girl could care less.
She said, "i understand" and went back to work.
They could care less about their members.
Stay far away from cardinal!
Everything is a bait and switch.
This place was awful.
I will never come back.
They do not know how to treat teenagers.
I also observed other teens in the store being followed.
When teens walked in the door the manager would speak into is walkie talkie.
The employees have no right to harass teens while they're shopping just because of a teenage stereotype.
I am not impressed with the management of this store, as it was the manager directing these activities.
I hope this changes the behavior directed towards teenagers who are just trying to shop.
Take your hard earned money somewhere else - it will be a big mistake banking with them !
Best bank i've ever used!
At bmo they didn't make this a barrier.
I love the mobile app because i can check my balance, deposit checks and transfer funds without leaving home.
Great customer service at the bank itself.
I can't physically use the atm so i go inside to make deposits, and i always get wonderful service.
This is seriously the absolute worst bank to go to at any time during any day of the week.
They are extremely short staffed and it takes a minimum of 20 mins just to see a teller.
I recommend going to a different branch!
The tellers are always kind and helpful.
The lobby is clean and well kept.
Today i needed to replace my debit card.
It is a nice layout, newer format.
I wish the iced teas and soda were on the same side instead of separated.
They rotate which hot dog is 99 cents.
So i left it at the counter, he threw it away, and i got the 99 cent one.
I found that to be odd rationalization and decision making by a qt employee.
He also wasn't very nice or friendly, but more argumentative than understanding.
I now go to the qt on thunderbird instead because of this poor experience.
Yes, one experience can cause a lasting effect.
Employees there should be aware of this.
I recently became part of the first credit union family and i'm happy i did.
My dealings with ericka and holly were great.
I also visited the branch in chandler and they were awesome.
I was provided excellent service and was made to feel welcomed.
I really appreciate receiving first class service.
I know why amazon will finally kill these bookstores.
Staff who don't understand that the only advantage they have is a personal touch via their customer service.
When the service sucks, they're done.
This one will surely be gone before 2020.
I was there thursday 8-6.
There were 14 customers in line, with a whopping 2 tellers !
Glad i rarely need to visit a brick & mortar "bank".
Don't know who is more inept : citibank or  b of a.
We should do a poll.
Thank god for ally bank !
This review is long overdue, but just can't forget the bad experience i had here!
I had $200 in cash.
What i wanted was $100 to go toward my credit card and to exchange the other $100 bill for $20s.
Sounds simple enough, right?
The teller (wish i remembered her name) took the first $100 bill, processed the payment and printed out the receipt.
Then, another employee comes up to her and asks if she saw a cashier's check "lying around somewhere."
She looks around her area and tells him no.
Me: "no, i gave you two $100 bills."
Her: "did you really?"
So she calls her manager over and tells her what happened.
Then she said "i got distracted because ______ interrupted me and asked me a question."
The manager tells her to count her drawer.
So i have to stand there waiting for another 10 minutes because she didn't do her job.
Bs i tell you!
When she was done, she laughed and said "oh, you were right."
I did complain to wells fargo over the phone about the incident, but who knows if that even did anything.
This is the location located on the northeast corner of green valley pkwy and sunset drive.
I stop here from time to time and i have always been pleased with the service i recieve here.
When there is a line, it always moves at a reasonably fast pace.
The ctellers have always been friendly and pleasant, while still being efficient.
One teller with 12 people in line.
Two tellers playing with slips.
Seems manager doesn't care.
The worst credit union on planet earth!
First they applied a payment to my auto loan that was mailed in towards the wrong account.
I called them three times and they said they never received the check.
I got confirmation check was cashed by them.
Even after telling the rep this, he told me they did not receive a check.
I had to miss work time to call and talk to them.
One rep told me i needed to visit a branch to figure it out.
You have like two branches and they close by 5, no weekends.
I finally go to the branch- made the manager research while i waited and then he found the check.
It was applied to another member's account!
Next, i lost my job and needed a deferment on my auto loan for one month.
I had gotten a new job but start date was two weeks out.
I asked them about a deferment and they told me no we do not do those.
I've never been late ever until i lost my job.
I ended up withdrawing from my 401k to get money to make the two payments due.
They will lend you credit but they will make it difficult to help you when need.
I'm looking to refinance my auto loan just to get away from them.
I'm waiting to hear from two lenders right now.
Was here a few weeks ago and the gentleman who assisted me was quick, professional, and very friendly.
He made the transaction painless and enjoyable.
Another gentleman even offered me a bottle of cold water.
This place is a joke!!
Time to take my banking elsewhere!
Now seated waiting for a banker, then was told it may be another 20 minutes wait.
It's monday, also the first of the month, there's only 2 tellers and 3 bankers from what i can see.
This is kind of ridiculous for a bank.
This place is wonderful!
They are as good as all of their reviews!
Park down in the garage & it's a bit of a hunt to find them but just ask security.
The ladies are so friendly & helpful and no extra fees.
Just the buy & sell rate!
Best i've heard of in las vegas!
Bring in your parking pass & they validate it for you!
Worse experience at a bank.
Mark and his team are great.
Jody treats us like family.
I highly recommend this agency for all your insurance needs.
They are a full service state farm agency.
They also offer financial services.
I called today and spoke with joey, i needed assistance with one of my patients bank accounts.
After joey got authorization from the patient, he was able to assist me so that i could assist my patient.
You made today a little easier.
I called on two different occasions with questions, i spoke with 2 different women, both were pleasant and informative.
I finally went down to exchange dollars to euros.
The woman who helped me (missed her name) was soooo nice.
She was helpful and quick to exchange what i needed.
I expected more of a hassle but was pleasantly surprised at the ease of the transaction.
If you're going to enchanted more than $1000us be prepared to bring additional documents.
I was not so i didn't have any problem.
Couldn't find euros at the casinos either.
I'll be back again before my trip to exchange some more.
First i'll start by saying we love the b&n at chandler fashion square!
That being said, this location is a completely different experience...not in a good way.
There was another woman employee who scolded my children in front of me for "walking up the escalator too loudly."
The kids were not being rowdy or disrespectful...they weren't even running up the escalator but walking!
They were excited to pick out new books as they love to read!
If they don't want kids going upstairs, they should probably keep the kids books on the first floor!
He tried and was very apologetic.
He also mentioned how understaffed they were.
The cashier mentioned  the same thing and was also very nice.
(this fact is the only reason i even gave it 2 stars).
Needless to say, i will not be frequenting this location again.
I prefer a stocked b&n with employees who are willing to help and harvest children's love of reading.
Was extremely busy and only 1 register who kept yelling/asking for help.
About 9 people in 2 lines.
Nothing extraordinary from this location.
Does seem to get super busy around dinner time probably because of all the restaurants around the area.
Absolutely incredible customer service and so easy to exchange at the current rate, no additional charges.
Was able to get the swiss franc and the euro with no problem.
Tip - follow the other tips for parking, but make sure you park near the tower elevator parking.
It's not in the plaza.
This place is always busy with customers but yet they can't hire more than one teller.
Managers do not help.
There's multiple staff members who walk around and say they don't have the log in to help only tellers do.
I will be transferring to chase bank.
They actually have wonderful reviews.
Don't waste your time at bank of america.
I've been with clearview for 27 years and have always loved all the employees who have assisted me.
Recently, i spoke with jean for an auto loan and she was extremely friendly and personable!
Westland plaza 33703 n. scottsdale rd.
Scottsdale, az, 85262 i'm sorry to say that i had a bank account here.
I had an service that was taking money out of my account, even when there was not enough.
I thought that shouldn't be too hard to do considering my other bank does that.
Well, it happened again in 3 months.
I went in to pay the balance and asked if there would be any other fees to pay.
I checked my bank account again and it was -$85 then two days later -$97.
I wanted to know why it was at -$97.
He said it was because i should have known that i would be charged $35 for the over draft.
I told him that the other guy said the account was at zero so i assumed it would stay there.
Then he said, i'd have to pay the 97.
I told my husband what happened on the phone right after that.
This was yesterday - friday evening.
I just got a new job making 250+ and i was hoping to keep my money in bmo.
Central illinois was my first bank account out of high school and i love them.
I'm leaving central illinois and leaving this bank is going to be one of the hardest parts.
With their new acceleration banking, it's the best rates i've come across.
Service was always personal and (up until a few years ago) i always recognized faces.
Your best branch managers and long time employees are leaving and your current employees just don't seem happy anymore.
You're trying to draw in people who don't want to bank with big banks...so don't be one.
When in town, this is the wf i tend to come to.
Alot of issues when it comes to fees, and s/b movement.
But hey, it's just a simple banking branch on the west side...
Always a cold bottle of water and a lollypop while you wait in line.
The ladies seem to have much better attitudes than the men here-always very stone cold
Oh i take that back now there's only one.
Then, you have to deal with multiple pin numbers for their online, telephone, and mobile banking and your debit card.
Bank at your own risk.
Or heck put a teller out of a job and use the atm machine.
I was recently deducted from my account and was 50 cents under.
However, the computer system reverted the transaction and heavily charged me 42 dollars!
Being charged 42 dollars for being short of 50 cents is quite ridiculous.
However the manager adriane yee, refused to allow me to get a refund.
She could have easily understood my situation and give me the refund, she had the power to, but she refused.
I was unlucky enough to have my account with this branch rather than my sister's.
However, it rendered my plentiful cheques useless :(  i don't like managers who don't have a sense of empathy.
(especially considering that td has a reputation for excellent customer service.)
(i can only speak from my perspective.)
They comment on how important it is to give them perfect.
Many of my friends with the same branch also had that same experience and we've joked about it.
Money-hungry cheating lying thieving pieces of crap.
I've been with chase over a year-and-a-half and they have raped me for many fees
Twice i have been in this branch since a great employee (jessica) had left.
Both times i walked out feeling this place just did not care about the little people.
The tellers are polite while the loan dept is deceitful and tell bold faced lies.
And maria u. did it with a smile.
Business or not; i just could not imagine being like that.
I'm only 1 little person at this huge corporate bank.
I'm sure they will not care i'm going to another bank.
I hope others have a better experience.
I generally use a different branch of pnc, but i was downtown and this branch was convenient.
I just needed to deposit a check.
Considering it is in a huge busy building it was actually empty in the bank.
I was in and out in less than 5 minutes and had time to go upstairs for a starbucks.
The staff where friendly and processed my transaction fast.
No problems at all here with this branch.
Two months ago, we experienced a flood in our home, which damaged a large part of our kitchen.
It's never fun when there's extensive damage, but we weren't worried, because we have homeowner's insurance through state farm.
Almost 30 years and two claims, state farm has always come through for us.
I contacted our local agent, mark citsay, and explained the situation.
More importantly, he followed up weekly - sometimes daily - with the state farm estimator and claims specialist.
Mark citsay has been our agent for nearly 20 years, and it's this kind of dedication which proves why!
Ulyanna and her staff have the best response time i have ever seen when i need a question answer.
This office has one of the best customer service i have ever seen.
I now have all my insurance with ulyanna and state farm.
Auto, health, workers comp., you name it.
I highly recommend and with their competitive quotes they are certainly one of the best.
I've been meaning to try this place and finally had the opportunity to do so.
They always have the best rate!
Staff members are courteous and friendly!
The only thing i hope is that they can open late on some days!
They close at 4pm which is not easy for me to make it there!
I highly recommend them.
I exchanged euros today with out calling ahead.
Yahoo shows 1.115 euro to 1 dollar...they paid 1.1380.
I'm so glad i noticed they are downstairs from my office before my vacation.
Because of this teller and her consistent bad service i will be closing all business and personal accounts with chase.
Find employees who don't get off on making life miserable for their customers.
Nicest people in the world.
Some of these reviews are hilarious.
Use an atm bro or get direct deposit.
If anything you're holding me up because the bank makes no money off you.
Don't want to wait in line?
Here's a solution: manage your money better.
Stop needing your $500 available today instead of tomorrow.
You're wasting everyones time including your own.
Also, taking a picture in a bank makes you a creeper.100% creeper!
Worst customer service for home finances and don't expect any help in getting resolution for financial questions in this department.
Not per say this branch but all the company as a whole.
I do like the polite staff at this branch.
Planning to move funds soon.
I was literally in and out!
There was no line, and i was assisted by elizabeth, who was very kind.
They gave me $585 cad for $545 usd!
Plus they validate your parking!
They are the best :)
Ever time i come here its always the same.
The line is backed up an there's only one teller.
You wait forever...the service is ok but the wait is ridiculous.
I'm glad i only.have to come here once in a while..
This place was a little hard to find because it's in a nondescript office building.
Parking is underneath the building in a garage.
Make sure to take your parking ticket with you to get it validated by the foreign money exchange too!
When i got there i was instantly greeted and helped out.
They exchanged my peruvian soles for pretty much almost an even rate.
I was in and out within 5 minutes.
This place is awesome for exchanging currency.
I've only been to the atm here but everything works great and is fast.
It's also in a good neighborhood so i don't worry about getting cash late at night.
Really happy to have this bofa not fare from my home.
The services are really good and the staff is really friendly.
Instead of accepting responsibility for miscomunications on their part he instead made members of my family feel stupid and ignorant.
I was told his is the biggest group in las vegas because of their "exceptional" customer service.
Sadly, maybe his group has gotten too big and its either going to his head or things are breaking down.
Insurance is not easy to understand and therefore many people are easily duped.
Sadly some people would rather just accept things regaurdless, instead of standing up to bullies.
I've worked in customer service for 20 years and this definitely has not been a good example.
What i like about this place is that they have a really big parking lot!
Thats always a plus.
Only downside is there is always a line!!
But the staff is very freindly !
I came in to update my code for my sf bank card (yes, state farm has a bank people!)
Ana was quick to acknowledge me and very friendly while assisting me.
She was very helpful in getting me in contact with sf bank.
She got me water and made sure i was ok before i left the office.
Thank you ana for helping me out and making this experience seamless.
One of the best i've been in.
Huge selection, nice layout, awesome staff!
Very bad customer service, very hard to communicate with the loan officer.
Slow process up to 4 month to get a loan.
Additional fee where apply not according to the good fates estimate.
I don't even remember names of people i met yesterday, lol!!
I am impressed with one of the banker, her professionalism, knowledge, and just the way she is... a great person!!!
This is customer service, treat everyone equally.
Appt at 9:00 when bank opened & left after waiting 15 mins.
Employees strolling in late, loan guy not there, this place is a shit show.
I really like this location it is so much faster than the one in goodyear.
The staff is much more friendlier.
They also look like they know what they are doing.
Easy access for me just to exit freeway and walk in and walk out.
There are no drive thru tellers which is fine because there is plenty of parking in lot.
This location is right next to albertsons.
This store is always very busy, but you can still get in & out quickly.
The employees are awesome.
I like the large selection of drink choices that are offered, self serve, refrigerator section or made to order drinks.
Then there is the huge selection of food items, which includes snack foods, fruit, sandwiches, breakfast and lunch items.
No matter how busy you do not have to wait long to fill up your gas tank.
Always a long line and a bunch of tellers walking around while only 1 teller works.
15 people in line and two tellers.
They have a host just standing around.
Very slow tellers at that.
This is why i bank with us bank.
Just here putting money in a relatives account.
This is the worst bank all across america!
Literally the worst bank i've had to deal with.
And they give her problems over every little thing.
It's not actually the bank, it's the branch.
But the people who work at this branch don't want to do their jobs and have some serious attitude.
Avoid this branch at all costs.
My grandmother is stuck in puerto rico with limited food and water after the storm.
But if i pay for a cashiers check or money order they would deposit.
Very rude unbelievable that a bank would take this stance.
Do not bank here.
Hence the reason i don't.
Bunch of lazy do nothing bankers with their hands firmly stuck in their pockets, i recommend avoiding this institution.
I went here to exchange usd to euros.
The transaction was easy & fast!
I also got a great rate, extremely reasonable.
Based on xe, the euro rate was .88 = $1 usd.
They exchanged .86 for every dollar.
Not bad at all.
Don't get fooled by travelex.
This is the place to go!
This is my favorite bank of all time.
I've been a loyal customer since community bank of nevada fell to fraud and they haven't let me down since.
Oh my godddddd, it took forever to just take some money out at the teller (i misplayed my bank card).
However, when i finally got to the front, steven was super effort and quite polite.
Nice job on hiring him!!
And then she walked away.
I left after about 20 minutes having only that one acknowledgement the whole time from when i entered the establishment.
Maybe citi is too big to need customers and provide good customer service??
This has to be one of the worst banks i've ever experienced.
Their credit cards are not handled by the branches.
The branches are unable to answer basic inquiries.
When investigating if a branch can print a statement i watched several people leave in anger.
If you have a choice in your banks i would avoid this backwards banking institution!
Web services are antiquated and incomplete!
I wish i could leave negative stars.
Very rude customer service, both live chat & on phone.
They couldn't answer my questions quickly or without saying "all banks do this".
Didn't even get my name right.
Been a member for 30 years, it's convenient to my house & job, but i'm thinking of switching.
Read the all of the reviews, even those that aren't recommended.
If you're looking for a bank, i recommend you look elsewhere.
What's with these people.
Everytime i go in they want to sell me something.
All i want to do is cash a check and i have to hear about the new special program.
Air conditioning is the best thing about them.
The other lady's in the office were also helpful ..
Thank you all for the exceptional service and smiley faces
I love this branch.
Every time i need something, they are super friendly and fast.
I've never waited in line because they're always plenty of tellers.
Dalton has helped me with a couple of routine things and has always been efficient, friendly, and professional.
The manager hector is awesome and always says hello.
I would definitely come to this branch just because of the awesome crew working here.
Great customer service happens every time i visit this location, i have started skipping the atm.
She had my daughter's best interest in mind the entire time, i made the process extremely easy.
We will definitely be doing all of our business with zarina and wf.
I only get to exchange 200 usd to mexican pesos.
I guess i should have called ahead of the time.
According to her, mexican peso is the hardest one to keep.
Just a little fyi.
One other small detail, thanks for the little cup of coffee in the morning!
I have been a loyal customer and have banked with wells fargo for three years now.
I thought this was great since it cut out having to wait in line and everything.
This past saturday i received my checks in the mail and went down and deposited them.
Low and behold the one time i need the money really bad, to get gas and groceries, they hold it.
I call; there is nothing they can do about it until monday.
So here i am monday and no money.
This is the second day i have had to miss work and i am living off potatoes.
I called my home branch (grand ave).
Was put on hold by jose to talk to his manager and i waited 15 minutes.
Finally i get picked up but its some other person that doesn't even know my problem.
And she tells me that he has been with a customer!
Are you kidding me?!
Then she goes on to tell me that checks are always held and i should have just come in.
That's bull crap because every check i have put in had been released to me immediately!
So she did me a "favor" and released 25 bucks....wow thanks guys i appreciate it.
I have lost faith in wells fargo and will not be banking with them any longer.
Its a shame because i have referred 10 different people to go with them.
I will be telling my friends i referred to switch back to another bank.
I say stay away!!!
I've been going to this wells fargo since i've moved into my new house.
There is not anything wrong.
The tellers here are all nice.
The atm deposit has been a lifesaver for days where i need to get to work.
Wth is going on?
I am going otomorrow to close my checking & savings as well as my fathers checking and savings.
You might consider having your information technology staff or google state it's your physical address and not a mailing address.
Any chance of -1?
Never enough help everytime i'm in there and many employees don't seem to want to work there.
I changed locations to go to because i don't like this location.
One teller and 3 people in line plus drive through today when i was in.
Went to this bank to get a cashiers check to pay off my house.
The teller said he couldn't give me one unless i had an account there.
He said there would be a 6 dollar fee to cash the check.
The the manager came over and said we won't cash the check, i said its on your bank.
To bad he said, take it to your own bank.
I said, you have to be kidding me.
They said it was the worst place they ever worked.
The internet speaks for iitself.
Ive been banking here for a little over a year and so far its been a great experience.
What puts them over the top for me is an experience i had earlier this month.
I was scheduled to have money taken out for an automatic payment on the 5th.
This is what a great bank does!
Could not be happier with banking with cib but only have a slight complaint.
I called ahead to make sure they had pesos, since i read in a previous review they run out.
I was able to come in the same day to get pesos.
The fee was about 3 percent.
Not too bad in my opinion.
Park in the underground parking lot, go up to the 1st floor and follow the signs to suite 101.
They will validate your parking ticket no problem.
I've been banking with bofa for a while now and have yet to be impressed.
Fuck you bofa, i will be looking for another bank to handle all my personal business!!!!
Open a checking account and chase will give you $150.00 after your first direct deposit ..
I called my agent and when i discovered water leaking from my attic, and they gave some amazing advice!
I wasn't directed to the claims department, instead they suggested i call paul's restoration and carpet.
Who offered to come out the same day to investigate the damage.
This office had been nothing but amazing and helpful always answering my questions.
Gotta say - i wasn't really expecting such good and personal service.
I was not able to bring items in to the office but they were happy to look at pictures.
Mario got back to my email within 24 hours.
While they did not have a market for my items, gave me great and valuable information and advise.
I'll be back for sure.
I've had an account here for over 13 years and i've finally decided that it is time to move on.
The issues i have had with them are vast but here are just a few.
They have pulled overdraft fees out of my account multiple times even though i had the funds and more available.
Their customer service is poor and i feel like i am a nuisance instead of a long-term member.
Banking here takes extra energy and time and it's just not worth it.
Goodbye dane county credit union.
It hasn't been real nor has it been fun.
Avoid this location if you have plans for the day.
I've never been to a bank where the line was out the door.
Very slow service and understaffed :(
I have been banking here for years.
While i am okay with the overall experience, in my opinion there isn't enough atm's for in car banking.
There are two stalls.
It is not a rare event to arrive to a line which is five cars deep.
I would like them to add another lane for atm's.
Other than that, i have seen these tellers deal with some fairly rude customers all while remaining professional.
And people why are some of you so needlessly nasty?
I digress: the lines inside are wonderfully short!
I rather enjoy the bank, but they do not offer on hand euro for traveling overseas.
You must order euro in advance.
They do not offer coffee or lollipops as some banks do.
Honestly, so much of your experience here depends on the teller or other banking professional who assists you.
Some of them will go out of their way to be helpful and keep on top of your situation.
Others will go equally out of their way to nickel and dime you with fees.
It is for that reason i will give them a middle rating.
There is much room for customer experience, information continuity and general improvement.
It's exactly like every other barnes and noble i've ever been to, exactly.
I just closed my account here because of very poor customer service on my account.
This came a week after my girlfriend had to do the same.
The customer service is just not worth the benefits of having a checking account here.
The manager on tropicana/jones judged my girlfriend and labeled her with some words that i will not post here.
I was so extremely upset that i waited a month to write this review.
She did not care about keeping me as a customer.
This makes sense because she didn't care when we were a customer either.
We have been a customer of desert schools federal credit union for over 25 years.
Love the banking side, have had many loans with them through out the years.
This time we thought we would apply for  a heloc.
I ask myself ... do people listen?
What is wrong with people today.
We have been trying to refinance our home into a heloc.
The delays of communication are awful.
Each time we'd call them, we always talked to someone else, not the person working on the file.
Then, would need to explain that we are self employed, we want to pay off only these two accounts.
Leave the others alone, we pay those off monthly, etc.
We make this much as being self employed and told them over and over how much we made.
We never did get the right income down for my husband.
We did finally get it signed and closed but what a big hassle!!
Would i recommend them?
We did do the heloc at christmas time too.
Lots of times someone was out of the office ... sick or vacation.
Not a good time to refinance.
This branch is absolutely awful!!!
It doesn't matter if it's 9am, 12 noon or 3 in the afternoon.
There are always a lack of bank tellers at this location.
Dear bank of america, please hire more employees!!
It is usually difficult to get very happy with any bank.
By their very nature banks tend to suck...
But, not so with wells fargo and especially this mini-branch inside a safeway supermarket.
He set up accounts for ar, ap and equity.
Then he went on to approve a line of credit for the company that far exceeded what i expected.
If i could give this location no stars i would.
The carmel commons location unfortunately is the closest location to my work.
The customer service here is nonexistent.
You can tell all the tellers are unhappy, overworked and probably unappreciated.
With no drive up atm, this boa gets just 3 stars.
Same holds true if you traveling east on 51, then you've got an easy right turn after the light.
All other directions make it a difficult easy in/easy out.
They also have a greeter that manages the line flow which is helpful.
Parking is like.... parking at a walgreens.
It's very crowded and there are cars coming in and out all the time when i was there.
This means that this particular banking center is a well trafficked area.
So if you don't want to wait for service?
Might want to avoid here.
I worked specifically with a banker named gia tongol (i believe that's her last name).
As far as service goes, she did everything i asked of her and was very cheerful and good with conversation.
Everything else in the transaction seemed to go fairly smoothly.
There is always a line everytime i come in there i just don't get it!?!?
Please stop selling people stuff when there is a 13 plus person line.
This was my first visit to a bank of america in az because i just moved here.
So i came in to get the check cashed and waited about half an hour in line inside.
I waited, however nobody in line was happy about this.
I said what's that?
And she said "i'm assuming that you haven't so you need to see the branch manager for that."
I said well where are they what do i need to do she said, "you'll have to wait".
So, i don't think i'm crazy here.
This was clearly something that should not have happened at least in that manner.
I wouldn't want my worst enemy to go there.
Avoid at all costs.
This is the only place to do currency exchange in vegas!
Not the only one that does it, but the only one you should be doing business with.
Their rates are very fair.
They always have what i need.
They are vey good at what they do.
To the ladies at foreign money exchange, thanks for helping me out for the past sixteen years!
Waiting over 20 minutes to see a banker.
I was introduced to a personal banker named candice moore.
She was extremely helpful and very pleasant to speak with.
I will be coming back to this branch just to bank with candice.
I've banked with both the cotswold and noda branches... both have always been great to work with.
When i saw paura h's 1 star review i couldn't let that stand on its own.
Seriously everyone i have worked with at either location (i live right in the middle), has been great.
Oddly enough, fifth third bank does not serve food.
Yelp really is better for, you know, restaurants.
That's probably why this awesome bank only has 2 reviews.
This credit union is bad!
They charge for every little thing you do.
They also want a $25 fee that they hold hostage until you leave the bank.
I have always done business with a credit union, but this one is awful!
I normally go to usa money today, but i came here with the hopes of a lower interest rate.
I spoke with maria, over the phone first, i was trying to make the process easier, but to no avail.
All i got was attitude from the manager, was told to relax and wait.
Start the inspection and half way through that manager comes out and said, we don't do loans on commercial vehicles.
The whole process made me feel like they thought i was trying to pull a fast one on them.
If i could give this bank a zero i would.
Constant issues with them holding title company checks in larger amounts.
They actually held a large cash deposit today.
The management is always changing.
You should be able to access your money.
We had a $2500 spending limit that we never knew about until denied a booking for a vacation.
More time out my day to have them correct this.
Choose another banking establishment.
My experience with clearview has gotten even better with the mobile app - now featuring mobile deposits!!!
I no longer have to worry about getting my checks to the bank; i can deposit them from anywhere, anytime.
Best thing to happen in my personal-banking life!
There are thorough, quick and pleasant to deal with.
They have a top-tier financial rating and are competitively priced even with companies that have a lower rated financial backing.
Great insurance through great people, i highly recommend this office.
Came in to this bank to wire money.
The teller we spoke to was nice and referred us to the banking manager linda.
Linda did our wire transfer and helped us order checks and change our address.
I felt like we known her forever lol.
Very pleasant lady and made this visit memorable for me and my wife.
We will definitely be using this branch for our banking needs.
Lines are always long!
Tellers usually in the back or yakking.
I am on line now just waiting!
It's disgusting but i live close by and this awful branch is most convenient.
To add insult....when you speak to a manager, they give you the jargon buzz phrases.
"sorry for your inconvenience".
On rare occasions, however, you need a little more.
Then the guy offered to fax it all for us which we thought was pretty cool of him.
If that's kind of customer service doesn't deserve five stars i must be missing out on something.
If you like wasting your time trying to refinance a loan, this is your place.
The mortgage consultants are worthless and have no clue what it takes to close a loan.
Looooooooong lines with not enough help.
I came in for what i thought would be a simple and quick transaction.
If this branch were staffed to meet the demands of the business it would have been.
Sadly, what should have taken less than five minutes ended up taking my entire lunch break.
This branch needs to revisit their staffing targets.
This bank has fake reviews.
The answers are generic.
They held a big check for over 10 days and screwed my taxes for 2017.
They cashed they check and then put a hold on it.
My receipt shows no hold and then tried to charge 200 in over drafts fees.
Staff is friendly, practices bad behavior for maximum profits.
This will kill there business.
Went in to open a new checking and savings on saturday at 1:45, when they close at 2:00pm.
I was advised i would need to come back because they are not taking any more new accounts today!
Flabbergasted, i told them maybe, i'd check back another time or go to another bank!
She offered me an  appointment m-f normal business hours, which is precisely my work hours!
Business must be good, or employees are managed poorly.
No incentive for them to win customers?
Evidently they don't care.
Being off work by 2pm sharp is the priority...
Other than the upstairs restroom being a disaster, i enjoyed my experience.
One employee approached me and asked if i needed any help.
She did her best to assist.
The upstairs level for children and teens was nice since my wife and daughter were with me.
I think at least this location is more welcoming.
There are some sitting areas for  reading.
I didn't feel rushed or pressured to buy anything.
I am a customer and the friend i deposited the money for is a long time customer as well.
I went in here to open a checking account.
The bank is very clean and everyone was very professional.
The staff seemed to know all the customers names and were very friendly.
So far...the experience has been great...i'll write another review after more time with the account.
Anna grigoryan provided the best banking service i've ever had with wells fargo.
I had some issues with wells fargo dealer services and the disconnect between the bank and the loan provider.
She was very professional in her articulation, demeanor, and appearance.
Anna is the best banker i've ever dealt with at any wells fargo branch.
If you need any issues resolved with your personal banking, i would highly recommend speaking with anna.
I would never ever use this bank personally.
Unfortunately, the business i work for does.
Just crazy waste of time!
My husband and i have been members of first credit union since 1990.
There are tellers at each location that know me, by name, when i walk in the door.
I will always bank with a "credit union" as opposed to a "bank".
Website is good and easy to use.
Remote deposit is a great feature which allows me to take pictures of checks to deposit through the fcu app.
This really reduces how many times i need to actually visit the bank.
Also, a unique and powerful feature of credit union banking is "shared branch banking".
There are credit unions closer to where i live (arizona federal and truwest) that offer shared branch banking with fcu.
If i need to, i can go into their location and withdraw funds or make deposits into my fcu account.
I felt that there is another perspective to share....
I'm wondering if this branch is even a real chase bank or just franchised.
They are horrible in multiple ways.
First and foremost, i'm pretty sure the atms are being hacked.
Multiple attempts i've tried to use the atm and it asks my zip code.
It's not supposed to according the a branch manager at another location.
But, even after putting my zip code, it denies it and locks my account after one attempt.
I tried telling a branch manager and she doesn't know why it does that.
On other atms, i put my zip in the same way and it's fine.
Why does this one reject my number?
Oh, but, it most definitely wasn't the branch manager at this location.
The other problem is the availability of bankers here.
No other branch has requested that so much.
Ironically, i'm here to discuss the problems that their atms are having.
So, i really don't care to talk to any of the bankers here.
They all seem like jerks.
I really think that this bank needs to get their act together.
It does not seem like the other branches i've been to.
Nice place, call ahead if you're getting pesos as they run out fast.
Staff is friendly and professional.
She was very sweet and helpful.
She even followed up to check and see how things were going with the account.
If you are in the area and have any questions, i would definitely recommend going to her.
I will say the lady who manages this branch is nice but the company blows.
No service what so ever, awful online services and crappy iphone app as well.
What a bunch of weirdo's.
702.883.3165 i'll be waiting!
So i'm in phoenix dealing with my father's affairs due to his passing.
I need to stop by and deposit some money so i find this gem.
The staff here are the friendliest i've ever met at a bank.
The tell introduces himself, shakes my hand, and is as helpful as it gets.
I went there the previous week and had the same experience.
This place definitely understands the idea of customer service.
If i lived in phoenix, i would go out of my way to bank here.
They have only two tellers working and about 4 employees walking around the back pretending to work.
Everyone in line is upset, not only me.
We all dont see why this is taking so long.
No names at the teller window, no name tags, no introduction.
Matt and his team are super friendly, super efficient and helpful!
I've never met a branch in all my years behave this way.
I love going to "my" branch and taking care of business.
You see, they make me feel like i am wanted and that they care about my business.
Now when does this happen in the banking industry??
Right on you guys!
I will always recommend bofa scottsdale rd.
& flw any day of the week.
Very unhappy with wells fargo so went looking for somewhere else to put my money.
After several personal recommendations and lots of online research we chose one nevada.
We were fortunate enough to get dejanay as our financial service representative.
What a fantastic experience.
Even though they were very busy dejanay gave us all the time we needed.
She even explained why she stopped working at a traditional bank.
I manage a call center and know what good customer service looks like and this is it.
We will be moving all of our monies out of wells fargo and over to one nevada.
After extensive research, one nevada credit union is going to be my bank!
Will finally be ending my over 20 year relationship with wells fargo and unraveling all that goes with that.
Stopped in this evening and was immediately helped by the branch manager who explained all the great services to me.
He referred me to kyle who totally set me up.
Couldn't have been nicer!
Kyle re-explained the account choices and benefits!
Can't wait to utilize it all one nevada has to offer!
The location is convenient.
There is a atm inside or plenty of tellers on hand to help you inside.
I wish i could say more but that about sums it up lol.
Very professional and honest with a caring attitude - great job!
I am glad and thankful to have state farm - mark citsay as my insurance agent - thank you
Highest quality, discrete and better than market rates.
Our first visit was great!
Because they were getting our business.
They had 4 people on the floor, but only 2 of them authorized to let us in.
What crappy system, and even crappier women we dealt with here.
I'm moving my assets from here today!
I'm not coming to this branch ever again.
I don't even need to type out a review, just read the rest.
They didn't have time for me monday evening so asked me to come back tuesday at 4:15pm.
I did and they said there was no appointment with my name.
I told them i'll go elsewhere (at the top of my lungs) and stormed out.
This is a nice qt.
It's right next to where i work so that's a plus.
It's very large, clean and the staff is friendly and efficient.
She was too busy picking at her fingers to continue counting my cash.
I told her it doesn't matter until she is finished with the count.
I have been a boa customer for over 10 years.
I will never return to this location.
Simple things that my other cards allow me to do, this one doesn't.
If you need any info about that card afterwards, too bad.
Friendly staff, i did buy some things at a good price, they seem fair to deal with.
Only $2 for season box set dvd
While i've been to many td branches, i want to highlight this one for their regularly excellent service.
I made it a point to let their branch manager know, who was thrilled to hear it.
It seems as though they make an effort to please the neighbourhood clientele.
It's nothing against them, but really, why settle for anything less than the best?
What bank does not accept cash?
Yes, that is right... chase bank does not accept cash deposits.
Why does anyone bank here???
The manager would not even release $450.00 to cover her rent.
Why does anyone bank here???!!
This is my preferred chase location.
Tellers are always nice and helpful.
They have not replaced them with atms and i hope they won't.
I have never had the personal service as i have had with this specific insurance agency.
They have made all of my insurance needs a cake walk.
The costs are low for the maximum amount of insurance without any hassle.
I would highly recommend joe janet state farm and his entire staff for any insurance needs.
Their costs are low and their coverage is more than adequate.
Way more than adequate.
They continually attempt to save me money on all services rendered, to give me the very lowest possible prices.
I am amazed at the service and the amazing staff that is available to me from a mere phone call.
They always keep me well informed of any new services that are available to myself or my family.
I have no intentions of ever switching to any other company.
Joe janet state farm has me covered!
I also love the entire staff!!
One star because zero is not an option.
No one answers the phone here.
Lisa is just outright rude and condescending.
Look elsewhere for your banking needs or go to a different branch...
First impressions:  located at the corner of mcclintock and southern the branch was fairly empty at 2pm.
This to the customer service i am used from the branches in indiana.
It was refreshing to find it again.
This may become my home branch while in arizona.
It is my humble opinion that all banks suck.
With that said, i actually like the people that work at my citibank.
They are always friendly and very helpful.
Even the security guard that usually stands outside is hospitable and talkative.
I really wouldn't change a thing about this branch.
One star was deducted because they are a bank, all banks have some crappy policies.
Nothing against this branch in particular.
It's been 15 minutes......
I felt welcomed and as if she was taking care of me like i was family.
The lowest interest rates around!
They have gas, food, clean restrooms.
They have it all.
Stopped in for some healthy snacks while traveling and were not disappointed.
Casino k is more right then they know!!!!
Omg, no one knows what is what, or who handles what.
They returned 3 valid payments from us and debited us $20 each time and have ruined our credit.
Been trying to straighten out for months.
I finally think i figured it out.
They don't recognize metabank payments that come from netspend.
They kept telling us we were not members????????
We have never had a problem paying by checking info from our netspend in 15 years....absolutely the worst ever!!!!!!!!!!!
So over it, told them to cancel my credit card.
Trying to get 3 on your side to help us!!!!!!!
Won't even price match their own website.
Just stick with amazon.
No wonder b&n can't compete.
This has to be the absolute worst bank in town.
20 people in line before they added a third clerk.
How can a bank function seeing people come in and walk right out.
Passing by from out of town and losing precious travel time.
Inquired in why not more windows opened for the rush.
Suit guy couldn't respond with nothing more than a 'im sorry'.
45 mins on a wait for a banker?
All bankers are with customers talking about their life stories.
Now i try to avoid it because they make no effort to keep their bank machine clean.
Went in to solve a invalid charge they made to my account and waited 45 minutes.
I just learned that bank of america does not want customers to come in their branch locations.
So i deposited it to mine and transferred to the other.
I got my statement and they have charged me $18.50 because i made a teller assisted deposit to my account.
Since they had to look at me last month they charged me.
The branch manager crystal padua, at the spring valley las vegas branch refused to do anything about it.
Instead she and the bank prefer to loose a customer.
They did, i closed my accounts.
I hope others get fed up with bank of america's "holier-than-thou" attitude and close their accounts.
What a useless as, clark howard says "customer no service", bank.
They do not want you in their branch.
If you go in they will charge you.
I used to buy lots of tools and knives here but lately they've become internet price police.
Gone are the days where you can throw out offers and expect a fair counteroffer.
This place is the best!!
I checked the exchange rate online before heading into foreign money exchange and their rate was spot-on.
They also told me they exchange money from u.s. to other nations currency.
Glad i found them.
The staff is efficient, kind and lead by a great bank manager.
I'm very pleased to call this location my branch.
To anyone who banks with jp morgan chase in surprise this is an excellent place to bank.
Banking should assist you, not be painful, this branch makes sure of that.
Keep up the great work.
For once in my life i actually got great service.
Keith graham (teller) was very helpful and courteous.
I have nothing bad to say about the service i received.
Hire more tellers like him.
Usually bofa always gives me problems but not today!
I will recommend this place to all my friends.
Everyone thinks barnes and noble will be put out of business due to amazon.
No one puts up with the nonsense described below nowadays.
I went into the store and found a book that would make an ideal gift.
No price tag or shelf label to be seen.
Went to the cashier (there was only one open) and was 3rd in line.
The old lady who was being served 1st in line was taking forever (as the elderly sometimes do.)
Anyways, the line grows to about 5 more behind me.
Finally, a second cashier opened up and took the 2nd in line customer, making me next.
The old lady was still talking about gift delivery or something when the second cashier was ready.
She scanned the book and, low and behold, it was $29.99.
No problem, i thought.
"we don't price match," said the cashier.
I told her it was their own website.
"we don't price match even our own website."
For $18.84, by the way.
Would have gladly given b&n the $19.99.
We hardly knew ya!
I am so excited to be a member of the one nevada family.
I opened an account with kyle miller at the e. serene location and he was extremely helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.
Looking forward to uses all of the credit union benefits.
I called ahead (i strongly recommend you do this), to see if they had two relatively rarer currencies available.
I told her i would be in within a few days and thanked her for her time.
The lady sitting at the back desk responded very rudely and abruptly with "and?!?!?!?
What am i supposed to do with that information?"
I said "well um, ok then..." and she then asked "can i at least have your name or something?
How am i supposed to know who you are?"
After i gave her the information she asked for, she went to the back and got the currency, and returned.
She was a lot nicer to me after she returned.
It was almost alarming actually how quickly her personality changed.
Regardless, there is zero excuse for this behavior.
That is not how you treat customers, especially customers who are not being rude to you.
The office itself was clean and well kept.
They validate your parking which is a nice bonus.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the exchange rates here are amazing.
I honestly do not think you can get currency for these prices anywhere, and you certainly cannot in nevada.
I have been a weststar member for over 10 years.
I have never had an issue until just recently (misposting deposits, wrongfully charged fees).
There has been quite a bit of turnover with staff so that can be a factor.
The good thing is that mileah (my original contact person) is still there.
The fifth i would give it if was open later hours for sure!
In the interest of full disclosure, i've been thinking about pulling out of chase and moving to another bank altogether.
Maybe it's time to move on.
This is an excellent small bank that treats their customers with respect.
My branch is bell rd and 7th st.
This bank has the worst customer service i have ever seen.
The teller they have working is always distracted.
She is slow as molasses.
And today she told me they will only have 1 teller from now on.
Does bank of america care about maintaining clients?
And where is the branch manager?
How about caring how your tellers treat people.
Chubby young hispanic guy who helped did my loan was very rude and unprofessional.
He was lucky that i'm nice and patient & did not encounter the wrong customer.
Honestly, i hope he gets multiple crappy customers because he deserves it!!
I call it karma!!
That's just one example on top of many other snide remarks he made towards me.
Wf do yourselves a favor and fire that douche bag.
It's like we're at their mercy to put our money at their bank.
?everyone inside the bank can here our conversation and his arrogance!
It takes a lot for me to write a one star.
This bank is a joke.
Their customer service line just transfers you to people who also can't help your problem.
They were busy but really nice and informative.
Absolute disaster, do not recommend.
How many people have to be waiting in line for over 20 minutes before you open another teller line?
Meanwhile, you have not one, but two greeters standing around doing basically nothing trying to look busy.
I have banked here for 20 years, but my patience is wearing thin.
Maybe they should start serving lunch while people wait so it would not take up the entire break!
I will never come to this branch again.
I ask where the restrooms were and the response i got "sorry no public restrooms."
I highly recommend this branch.
The atmosphere was relaxed and i did not feel stressed or rushed.
I have been with state farm for over 3 decades.
This agency's incompetence has almost made me go with another insurance company; instead i am just planning on switching agents.
Total incompetence; lunatics running the asylum!!!!
You have been warned...
Definitely like this credit union.
The tellers are always smiling & helpful and wait time even on a payday or friday is pretty quick.
I do like that this location is open until 7pm which is great for folks that work.
If you are in need of a bank/credit union you should give this place a chance.
So, i called back hitting the 1 to become a member, thinking i would get faster response.
That took another 6 minutes of chatter torture before i hung up.
A total 12 minutes chatter torture!!
Phones are your first impression of service and quality and this isn't good.
I've found nice people, service in person at branches however.
The reason i initially emailed, was concern that i was wrongly charged.
I remember it from a few years ago- no change as your recording states.
My experience over the years has been if you email, they ask you to call.
Save yourself the torture.
Please fix your atms!
If you want to spend your time waiting around for absolutely nothing this is the perfect place to do so.
My boyfriend and i were second in line to see a rep regarding an account.
As we were waiting, three other parties had checked in with another rep, henry, for help.
That's 3 different parties, mind you.
It was a little disappointing to have came early and waited long before everyone else to be seen.
Apparently henry was not familiar with playing fair.
Shame on you henry.
Worst drive thru ever!!!
Only 2 customers, me and this guy up front.
Brad at e loans has been very pleasant to work with.
He does what he can to help.
I've had my lian with them for years and i can say he is responsive and straightforward.
No asking if we need assistance or anything.
*experience 1/1 star, i will say this b&n is very nice.
In a nice location and is also two stories which is pretty cool i must say.
*shopping 1/1 star, didn't purchase anything but hey have a very good selection of books and other products as well.
*would i recommend 1/1 star, ill recommend because the store is nice but please work on your customer service.
The little things go a long way.
I'm almost 82 years old and my husband recently passed away,leaving me trying to understand the finances.
I used to work at a bank and then you got all your interest from savings.
Mr juan hernandez was kind and wonderful.
Terrible customer service never return phone calls.
Never answer their personal lines bad experience all around.
Will not recommend this branch.
1 location on blue diamond and 15 fwy.
11:15 on a monday morning.
And, she's telling people that she wants to upload the app to their phone.
I asked the teller if everyone called in sick, and she informed me that one more person was expected.
So, warning: they only schedule two tellers during the lunch rush.
I won't come back unless i have to.
For the love of god, fire who ever maintains your atm.
The last time i went in, they greeted me and i said "your atm is dead.
It's not giving out cash".
The looked at me like i was from a different planet and then did nothing.
Still, the people who work the desks are friendly and do their jobs well.
But the employees and staff really make the difference!
Priscilla helped me and was patient while i filled out my slips for withdrawal and deposit.
Most bankers scuffle but she made sure i was filling them out correctly!
I wish i could give less than 1 star.
This is the biggest rip off concerning merchant services.
They come in to get your services.
Then after you figure out how much the processing costs 3-4 times if you shop.
Absolute scum bags bank of america.
Do not use any of their services.
I have dealt with him multiple times including setting up high school checking accounts for my teens.
He is always upbeat, genuine and expeditious.
He does a great job instructing the teens on banking issues.
No doubt there is too much paperwork involved in opening accounts anywhere, but justin makes it as painless as possible.
Remember to call ahead to make an appt.
I've been using this branch for many years without any issues.
The service has been consistent, professional, and efficient, as each time my transactions have not been straightforward or quick.
Thank you to all for your service & efficiency, much appreciated.
(the bank itself is conveniently located & clean, and the greeter was helpful & friendly)
Don't go here if you need to do something quickly or have business other than simple banking.
Only one teller with at least 10 people in line and building mid morning.
After complaining about the terrible branch on tropicana and decatur.
Old bank but does the job and the lines are not as bad as the other reviews.
Nothing but a good experience here.
Jamieson was extremely helpful in setting up my account and my kids' accounts.
I am excited to be a new wells fargo customer.
This branch is the reason i closed my account with scotia and will never return.
Lineups are always long and service is impeccably rude.
Seriously, scotia you're awful at customer retention.
Not sure why they're so rude at this location but it made me swear off scotia altogether.
Bmo is where you get treated like an actual human.
I occasionally email one of the managers because he invited me to, and i get results asap.
This scotia is a joke and an embarrassment to the banking world in canada.
Sometimes if you're lucky there will be a homeless person sleeping in the vestibule.
And they always offer water.
Just waited over 30 min to be rushed out by dennis.
He clearly didn't want to help us and did nothing that we asked.
I am so happy with this office!
I am glad i switched agents.
Mike is very knowledgeable and helpful.
The office is very professional and attentive.
They explain your coverage in detail and help find the best cost and coverage for you.
They also provided me with choices for a driving program for my teen daughter.
I highly recommend this office for your home or auto or mutual fund needs
And will transfer my current car loan as well, now that i have already transfered  my visa and signature loans!
There are transfer fees from your own accounts if you just want to transfer money, do your homework.
I'm sure it's due to all of the complaining that they must be getting as fees go up every year.
And of customer service skills.
Will never return to this location!!!
Worst customer service ever!
The only two people in the branch on the same day!
Don"t get me started on the "service manger" jeremy quintnilla, haven't you heard of freedom of speech??
It is called cross training you should try it!
Dissapointed in wells fargo!!
I love this chase bank!
The tellers are so nice and detailed oriented.
Today i had the pleasure of dealing with tori what an incredible personality!
I felt like i was working with my life coach she was validating and made me feel awesome.
She handled the business professionally and flawlessly.
Tom her manager was just as awesome.
The service is terrible and i think i may have been discriminated today by the bank manager.
Let me ask you ms.
Manager how is it that an id from the department of homeland security not valid in your system.
By the way the branch on blue diamond told me you did not know what you were talking about.
Please take more training, my cashiers check and my id's were just fine at the other location.
And you guys wonder why i do not have business.
(btw i am a former personal banker of 4 years)
So far not impressed with our choice of a financial institution in nv.
Signed up online for a joint account, my document to sign came through fine, hubby's we had issues with.
In the meantime we have no access to our funds.
Tried to click to pay, doesn't work without an activated card.
What good is a bank that you can't get your money out of?
This is a great bank/credit union location just off the las vegas strip.
Great employees that are helpful and quick.
They have plenty of parking and easy to access.
No longer banking here.
Does anyone work here?
Feels like walmart , 10 registers with only 2 workers .
There is no sign in sheet so how are the workers supposed to know who came first?
The tobias team was absolutely wonderful during the process of me purchasing my first home!
From top to bottom everyone i worked was very accommodating through a very nerve racking process.
I would recommend them to all my friends and family!
Thanks again,  jason burton
Great service, easy parking in the underground garage, and the exchange rate was fair.
So far not impressed with our choice of a financial institution in nv.
Signed up online for a joint account, my document to sign came through fine, hubby's we had issues with.
In the meantime we have no access to our funds.
Tried to click to pay, doesn't work without an activated card.
What good is a bank that you can't get your money out of?
After posting my review i was contacted by vickie who was very apologetic and helpful.
Great customer service and thank you for your prompt attention and assistance.
Very friendly and accessible staff.
Easy to get in and out of with no super long waits.
This branch of wells fargo consistently provides me with the best banking experience i've had.
Kelvin and his staff are friendly and courteous and understand customer service.
Reminds me of how things used to be.
Good job kelvin, keep it up!
This pnc is like most other pnc banks.
A little bit slower than the bigger banks but more personalized service.
Process to pay was efficient and easy.
This is a great place to exchange money.
I have used them numerous times to change $ for whatever.
Every time i have found no commision and rates very close to those published on the internet.
I always call ahead just to make sure that they are carrying the currency that i am looking for.
They also gave me a bunch of small bills, perfect for travelling on vacation.
I've banked here less than a year, but i have had nothing but top rate service so far!
I originally applied for a checking and savings account online.
Then i applied for a credit card online.
Most of my direct dealings have been on the phone or using the drive-thru, but their customer service is excellent.
I stopped in here real quick yesterday.
Needed to get some spanish flash cards for my daughter.
Wow, i have never seen a barns n noble with two stories.
He was very friendly and helpful.
If i had time, i would have loved to browse longer.
Stay away from these scam artists.
Got workers compensation for my business and robbing me.
No room in any work place for racist like that.
Cash is no good anymore to bofa.
Sorry if you work for such a pathetic company get out now.
We can do just fine without banks.
Stop being lazy and do your job help the customers like your suppose to.
Thanks for the horrible experience.
Not sure why it takes so long (15 minutes) to cash a simple check.
Glad i no longer bank with this poorly run institution.
I was a member for about 5 years and had several loans.
Everything was fine until i had ran into some unexpected personal financial hardship.
Now, during the hardship period, i had still always been on time with all loan payments.
But somehow they know when you're having financial trouble.
Each time they ended up eating crow.
And yes, they apologized the first time.
Np problem cardinal community credit union.
Used to be a decent cu and still could be.
You need to find your way back to those days.
Many good banks and cu's out here.
I do not recommend cardinal community credit union for any banking needs, for anyone at this time.
I'm surprised by the low yelp reviews for this chase branch.
I've experienced nothing but positive service from this branch.
Fast, friendly service, and a personal salutation are the norm.
Truly enjoy utilizing this branch for my banking needs.
Worst company ever specially at this location!
They been stealing alot of money these months and not saying a word!
They always found way to not refund me money being owed to me!
I got the same insurance policy w a difrent company by less than $175!
They are rip offs!
Dont ever sign up w state farm!
I will leave this message on every statefarm on yelp!
My fave bank location because of the merchant teller.
She is so nice and always knows me
This is the place for large amount exchanges!!!
Wells fargo does currency exchanges with no fees for their customers with their profit coming from their buy rate.
Their buy rate is very, very good compared to other banks.
We were looking to do yen to usd and they offered $1.20 per 100 yen.
Not bad at all.
I called fme and they offered $1.26 (5% more than wf).
One gripe, which others pointed out, is that they do exchange in front of everyone.
I appreciated bank of america until i signed up with merchant services.
They sold one service, and bait and switched for something i never agreed upon.
They have fees on top of fees.
I have over $1,200 in fees which have accumulated over time.
Been working on getting this fixed for six months and getting nowhere.
I'm frustrated and lost faith in bank of america because of this occurrence.
When a corporation is pulling fees out of your bank account, unauthorized, this is theft.
My review is: don't use merchant services with bank of america.
If you think bank of america will have your back because you're a valued customer, they won't.
They are two different entities.
Have to phone ahead for withdrawls over a thousand.
Will be looking for a better option.
Cash advance machine is broken.
Manager was sitting in the back doing absolutely nothing
My teenager said "this is the best qt in the world!"
I love this store.
My first and only time ever coming here.
1pm and about 20 customers in line and just 1 teller.
No sense of concern by the bank manager.
This day and age to have to wait an hour in line at b of a is ridiculous.
I wish i could give negative stars.
I hardly go inside this chase location, but i do drive by once in a while to use the atms.
It also seems to be taking up a lot more space than most other bank drive thrus i've seen.
Favorite barnes and noble in town.
Two floors of books, music and gifts situated in a gorgeous outdoor mall!
Does anyone work here?
This branch is totally content on making customers wait... and wait and wait...
I have to agree 100% with the previous poster, dawn.
I have only banked with this location for a couple of months, through my employer, and they are awesome.
Running to the bank is not a task, it's a joy, all because of this group of people.
Keep up the good work, guys and gals!
I be been with state farm for 8 plus years.
Same location 2 different reps. jodi by far the best ever!
Very caring, takes care of my needs in a timely fashion.
Takes care of all my policies including all of my life insurances.
Honestly this is the 3rd time i've used this bank.
Every time i go there there is a line of 15 people and it barely moves!
If this branch is this busy they need to open all the windows.
I'm usually in there on a friday or saturday so naturally busy.
I just don't understand why they don't hire more people!
We love using bank of america cause so late staying open on saturday.
The bosses need to do something about the wait.
Generally, this bank is understaffed.
There is usually only 1-2 tellers and 1-2 other staff to help with further issues.
The tellers are friendly.
The lines were insane.
A non american eastern european by my guess on the accent.
I couldn't understand through the glass half of what she said.
I don't want to see your bra lady!
White lace bra on friday 9/23 just so you know i know.
Button your shirt and after you do that relearn your job.
You didn't try to cash my paycheck at all.
You are not professional or helpful.
You were rude and did not try to do anything for me that you should of.
You should be fired for that comment and your lack of motivation to cash my check.
Even more so with esther!
For sure my next exchange will be with foreign money exchange...
Went in and there was a line.
Been to other ones in vegas and have to say i am impressed with this branch.
Will be coming here more often.
I asked her how she was...nothing.
Even the other tellers looked at her puzzled.
She then snapped at me about the deposit slip and seemed bothered i had a second traction.
When i went to leave, i said thank you and goodbye...she said nothing.
The tellers before were always very kind and never had a problem with me.
I was greeted by a lady.
She was really nice.
I exchanged dollars for japanese yen.
They asked for my for my address info and that was it.
I paid i cash.
I was in and out of the place in less than 5 minutes.
The only issue i had was i didn't know that i had to park in the convention garage.
I thought i had to pay, but they will validate the parking garage ticket.
So all is good.
All you gotta do is park, go up the elevators and you will find this small hidden gem.
Will be back for sure for any needs to exchange money.
This place is cheaper than my bank wells fargo.
Linda really helped me out with opening an account today.
She was prompt so i wasn't in there a long time like other banks.
She also explained to me the options i had about setting up different accounts to better my credit.
I will definitely go back to see her when i have any questions, or want to open any other accounts.
Only gave one star of because customer service.
Funny how after over 5 plus years of doing the same transaction they will not allow it now.
Will take my business elsewhere!
One person working.been waiting 10 minutes before even a hello.i know it's saturday but that's pathetic
I regret that i forgot the name of the teller after i left.
She was very sweet.
If i ever decide to switch banks (which is always a possibility) this place is my first choice.
Also saturday hours, open until 4pm.
This branch is the worst us bank i have ever had the displeasure of visiting.
The tellers are incompetent and condescending, and the manager (jim) was even worse.
Needless to say that i will never set foot here again.
I suggest everyone who reads this to do the same.
If you go to this branch plan on waiting in line.
I've personally been a line from 440 to 530 pm.
15 people in line 2 tellers at 1030 in the morning.
Flora helped me out great people go check them out.
If you are in need of some help go see them
Line are always long.
Today there was only 1 teller.
15 people in line and a guy checking us in at the door.
Asking what we were there for.
I almost said i was looking for a job because you guys need help.
I like the boa on spring mountain and wynn lots better
I loathe this bank.
I can't wait to move my accounts to my airline credit union.
Their fees are ridiculous and they always freeze my account when i'm out of town.
Terrible phone customer service!
I called one time to get my routing number, so i could pay my mortgage.
This  evil troll on the phone was very condescending, and made it difficult for me to get the routing number.
She still would not release my info.
She said for security, she wanted the last payroll deposit.
Was this woman clueless or just on a power trip?
When i told her it wasn't possible since i wasn't able to access the internet at the moment.
She gave the "oh well" attitude.
Frustrating to say the least!
I had to get a supervisor to get my routing number.
I can't stand this bank!
Be careful opening an account here.
They charged me 19.95 for checks that i did not order.
I only wanted temporary checks.
It gave me 200.00 of the 500 deposited.
I checked next day and it showed that it was kicked back unpaid.
I checked chase acct which shows it was never deposited.
I went to the local wells fargo here  to deposit 200 and find out why the 500 was not deposited.
They did not want to hear it.
No other issues and absolutely no over draft charges or anything else.
Possibly they did not like that, just another corporate non caring, (this is the way it is) business!!!
I called wells fargo.
They said that it showed a warning and they never actually hard deposited it into chase.
I advised that i have over draft protection and it would have cleared no problem and they could care less.
I do have a recording from chase saying that it was never deposited.
Wells fargo really does not care and just completely shunned me.
I was about to add my direct deposit and refinance my car through them.
I am glad this happened now.
Stay away from wells fargo!!!!
Unless you keep large balances and keep them that way.
Then they are happy to deal with you then
Easily the worst banking experience i've had as an adult.
I have no clue why anyone would willingly bank with compass over any number of other choices.
Perhaps there is a reason why they are closing all of the offices in albertsons.
Never step a foot in this location!!
Give your self a favor and go somewhere else.
I've waited in line for over an hour.
Finally they help me and it literally took them one minutes.
The parking entrance isn't very visible from the street.
You have to turn into the curved driveway in front of the building.
It doesn't look like it, but there's an opening that leads into the underground parking lot.
Look for the signs directing you to the "tower" elevators.
When you exit the elevator, take the doors to your right to enter the "tower" building.
Go down the hall then make your first right.
Otherwise, you can enter through the front of the building.
If so, the place is on your left as soon as you enter.
Oh, don't forget to bring your parking ticket to get it validated at the shop.
The rates are pretty reasonable here.
Stopped in, told them what i wanted, filled out a short form, and receive my currency.
Straight forward and simple.
I hate this credit union.
I got to cosigner, and they told me next time i would be able to get credit without the cosigner.
So began the beginning of my mistrust of this place   this last week, i finally had enough.
I accidentally overdrafted, for the first time since i was in high school!
I was starting a new job, and accidentally ran the wrong debit card all day, out of habit.
But she told me that i was in luck because they have forgiveness for three overdrafts a year.
She immediately recognized me, and without even looking at the screen, asks the teller which account i have.
Lynn then looks at me, and says "yeah we can't reverse them.
They weren't our fault, they were your fault."
And she said it so rudely, as if she was talking to a three year old.
Apparently making me unhappy brings her joy, which wouldn't surprise me due to how impolite she always is.
After i realized she was serious, i was irritated.
So i force a smile, and say "the teller just told me i get three a year."
And lynn once again says, "we only reverse charges that are our fault.
But we didn't run the card, you did."
Again, so rude and condescending.
It was really awkward.
Wednesday is my 24th birthday, and to celebrate, i am closing the account.
Chase offers the same accounts and credit, but have much better customer service.
My review is not for the place listed, i'm not sure it even still exists.
Can you explain to me why at 4pm on a friday afternoon they would only have 1 teller??
So i go in at 3:30, and the line is about 5 people deep.
There's a lady in the middle office rubbing lotion on her hands and looking out the window.
There's another woman showing someone how to use the atm.
For the 30 minutes i stood in line, one lone teller worked his butt off.
The guy in front of me, making a drop for a store had a grocery bag full of money.
It had to be counted...the lady in the office never pitched in.
These are the kinds of co-workers you want to push down a flight of stairs...
If i worked there, today would have been my last day!
A little before 4 a third lady saunters in and takes her sweet time getting settled.
That's why they got one star.
He was the freaking star.
The line at this point was touching the front doors.
Who doesn't know that they need more than one teller on a friday at 4pm.
On a scale of 1-10, i was a 27 when i came out of there.
Drive thru takes forever.
Sometimes you need a teller and not just the atm.
Make sure you reserve an hour just to get help.
Hate having to go to any chase, especially this one.
I dont like to write negative reviews but we had a very bad experience overall with midfirst.
We went in to close out and left thinking everything was over, but not so.
We just got a letter stating that our account was overdrawn by 0.01 a penny!!!!
To top it off, they are going to report a negative on our credit bureau reports.
We have outstanding credit!!!!
My recommendation is to stay away from this bank.
I've been a customer for over 15 years.
I come here because it's close to work.
Every time it's the same scenario... over 30 minutes in line, line to the door, only two tellers!
Horrible service from the greeter.
I wish this wouldn't happen every time i come!!!
Thinking wells fargo down the way might be earning my business thanks to this location.
Went in the other day to take care of some work and grab a coffee in the cafe.
Kiki was such an awesome employee, very kind and helpful.
They stole me 102,40 $, they don't want to stop a pending before closing my account.
Friendly tellers, always good service
I recently had an issue with our account, i went in quite upset.
David helped me and did what was right, he took corrected the issue!
Thank you david for stepping up.
David also mentioned passing our information along to someone who can handle our accounts to offer a more personalized service.
That person, brandon has already called us.
The location is convenient and everyone is always pleasant.
I will miss karen.
I wish her the best.
I am incredibly surprised that this business has such high reviews.
I was treated so rudely that i will never come back.
I don't care if i have to pay a higher exchange rate.
I arrived around 8:15 & waited for them to open.
I waited until 8:30 to walk in & politely asked the woman behind the counter if they were open.
I didn't want to rush them if they weren't ready for customers yet.
She rolled her eyes at me & nodded that they were indeed open.
It totally would not have been a big deal if this lady wasn't so incredibly rude.
The manager was so rude and dismissive and teller wasnt much better.
Maybe coming in at 10 minutes before closing on a saturday was their issue however, it should not have been.
Security guards do patrol the premises.
Despite the cons i noted about fme, from my experience they've always offered the best exchange rates in town.
I will never go back to a bank ever again.
Credit unions have won me over.
Uw credit union has won me over!
This location in particular is the best location throughout the madison and it's surrounding area.
As for the credit union itself, their are super fast!
I mean jimmy johns fast.
A few years ago, i needed to buy a car since my old one broke down on me.
I applied for a loan on a sunday night.
I kid you not... by 10am the next day, i was approved and the money was in my account.
I was blown away at how fast they work.
I am treated so much better as a customer.
She then helped me and directed me how to deposit using the atm outside under 100 degrees summer heat.
Good customer service brionne!
10 people in line and 2 windows open!!!
No guest service here.
Is this better yelp is it long enough now????
Thumbs up to midfirst bank.
We have our business account with them and there was some fraudulent activity.
They caught it before i did and acted immediately saving me what could have been a lot of money.
It just reaffirms our decision to move our business to this great bank.
Antonetta and nelson have been great to work with.
We first went to midfirst when looking to refinance our business loan.
Tom (at 64th & greenway) went above and beyond to pull off a complicated deal.
Now after this i am even more impressed with the bank and the staff.
Has to be the worst customer service i have ever received!
The branch manager, vincent, was extremely rude and unprofessional.
He spoke over me quite a few times and basically argued with every thing i said.
What a waste of my time!
Can't wait to close my account and move my money to a bank who appreciates their customers!!
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I decided to convert over to chase from another well known bank, and i'm glad i did!
Frankie was the banker that helped me and he was so nice and friendly.
Ask for him if you go in!
Very happy with the customer service so far :).
Worst banking experience i've ever had.
Extremely rude teller before i even had a chance to speak to him.
I was told no, that they don't allow that.
After i looked on their website and their policy is that they do allow that.
I went into another chase and cashed the check w/o a problem.
Incompetent and/or lazy seems to describe the manager and teller.
I recently moved to las vegas to buy a home.
The management and staff at this branch were exceptionally friendly and helpful.
After only a few visits they greet me by name.
I needed to prove to a mortgage company that i had made a deposit in the bank of america.
It saved our deal.
Everyone was helpful and friendly at this branch.
They seemed to have a lot of regular customers who were greeted by name.
The manager hopped up to help my 94 year old mother when she came in with her walker.
All in all, a food experience.
Customer service has gone way downhill.
I have to go into wells fargo every day for work so this just makes it a lot easier.
The man who helped me close my account was jonathan kelly.
He instantly looked super annoyed that he had to help me out.
He started off by literally talking as much crap as he could about wells fargo.
Now i have been in customer service for 10 years and this is a big no no.
It makes you look like a complete fool when you are bashing someone else.
He continued his rant by saying how much fraudulent activity wells fargo has had internally.
He was extremely condescending and honestly made me want to run as far away from this bank as possible.
In addition, he is also the branches assistant vice president according to his business card.
I will say that if you have to deal with this location, request frank as your banker.
I was the only one in line in any of the drive-thru's.
The other thing is that they charged us $5 for a notary.
Traditionally if you have an account at the bank they do not charge you for the notary.
I dont know what this world is coming to but i am not in agreement at all.
I appreciate the roomy space that emitted positive vibrant energy, yet also made me feel quite at home.
It's a new style quiktrip, can't beat that!
It's like regular quiktrip but even better.
They have even more food choices including made to order smoothies, frozen yogurt and ice cream.
The bathrooms are super clean.
The store is super clean.
I needed a notary for some legs documents.
I walked across the street and found three at this bank.
They were very friendly and didn't charge me anything.
Only two windows open while there are more than 20 people in line.
People walking by ignoring the situation no one trying to help.
I actually got good service from a bank.
Gigi in accounts was very helpful and nice.
I got 2 accounts set up with no issues or problems.
Thank you chase bank.
Every time i come to chase they are very welcoming!
Due to good history with chase they waived a $30.00 fee.
Plus they have suckers and coffee!
What more can you ask for :)
The banker who helped us was very nice and friendly.
He even gave me a free stuffed chase dog haha.
They had a promotion where they'd give $125 after the first direct deposit to anyone opening a new chase checking.
Holy smokes, after my first direct deposit i had the $125 in like 2 days from chase!
This branch has drive up banking, which is very convenient, and everyone is always very friendly and helpful.
Totally loving chase and this location so far!
My experience with foreign money exchange was good.
I asked $500.00 or the closest to that amount so as not to get a weird amount.
They gave me pesos.
Really easy and professional.
Not rude at all.
Pretty good rate to boot.
Won't be back unless i absolutely have to use the atm.
Its one of the worst bank of america places i have ever had to go to.
There are never enough people present at the bank to help anybody out.
Avoid this location at all possible costs.
My wife and i love wells fargo bank.
Very polite, knowledgable people, great hours, the kind of bank everyone hopes for.
My wife loves it so much, she got a job there!
This bank is very convenient and has a cool, industrial feel to it.
The staff has been very friendly every visit but my biggest complaint is the typical wait time.
This branch is severely understaffed.
The wait just to see a teller is always a minimum of 30 minutes.
If you want to see an actual banker you are looking at around an hour wait usually.
Opened an account pretty quickly, no issues, very helpful staff and learned about a credit union to boot.
I'll update after a few months of use.
After depositing the check, he told me to go to the atm next time...
Best bank of america, ever!
We bank at a lot of locations; everyone here makes your business feel valued!!!
Thank you to karen and jessica, they are always friendly and helpful!
I love coming to this location!
As a long term customer, i was saddened to discover third federals record keeping is very questionable.
Their communication between contracted companies they deal with is poor.
I believed in third fed as a premier bank in the area.
I am very disappointed.
Liars, i have a very rare gold medal that's one of a kind.
Once again this credit union has made mistakes with our money...
If you all have a christmas club account at a rate of .75 check it...
I was only payed .10 for the month of aug.
It concerns me how many issue's i have with this credit union.
This is my guy's bank.
I had some errands to run, so i went to complete a deposit for him.
From what i can see, there is only one drive up atm.
The other ones have the space tubes that go inside to a teller.
It was a short wait last night with the one car in front of me.
What i like about wells........ their deposit slot is not separate.
There is only one slot, located decently in the middle.
Located on commerce street, this is where the majority of culinary workers go to sign up for their benefits.
The workers were quick, efficient, and courteous.
Also, check their website as the deadline has been extended and there will also be longer hours.
One of the perks of my job is i get to do a lot of travel.
I love to try new restaurants whether they are mom and pops, fine dinining, chains or fast food.
They all have a place in my enormous belly.
One dirty little secret that i can now share with the world: i like gas station food.
Here is a new one to add, quiktrip.
We don't have them in california.
They put my favorite, am/pm, to shame.
It looks like they take great pride in their food.
I have visited a handful of qt's in my travels but just got water and fuel.
After a long day i was tired and ready to get food.
The country sausage dog is what you might think it is, sausage rolled like a hot dog on a bun.
If you like breakfast sausage you will love this treat.
I classed it up by dousing it in the cheese sauce.
The kolache was next level.
A spicy hot dog rolled in this sweet bread and baked.
It reminded me of being a kid and making hot dogs wrapped in the pillsbury crescent roll dough.
Ultimately, this place hits the mark.
Friendly, clean, tons of selection and fuel.
This place is a must for any road trip.
There is never a line, but it is 3:30 in the am when i'm usually here.
It's in a shytsy area, which i dont like.
The entrance was covered up with a large piece of wood, not sure what happened.
Can't speak highly enough about banker zack tribby!
He was helpful, professional, and a great sense of humor.
This location has really long wait times.
If there's 5 or more people in line, forget about it.
Expect to wait around 30 minutes.
I did it only once.
Nowadays if there's more than 3 people in line i leave and come back later.
Good thing it's close by my house.
Use the phone app and atm if you can.
They're extremely useful and user friendly.
The people at midfirst really take care of you and make sure your needs are met.
My personal banker cabrina le, is always ready to answer my questions, and solve my problems.
Great store, great location near a large outdoor mall.
The employees are friendly and very helpful.
The selection of things to browse and purchase is exceptional.
Was there to wire some money to a boa account.
Stay away from this bank!
This is the to go to place if you are in las vegas nevada and you need your money/currency exchanged.
The staff were very welcoming, friendly and helpful.
I parked in the building next to it underneath it has plenty of visitor parking.
$1.00 for the first 30 minutes which is all you need.
I would recommend going to this place over others.
Banks don't have certain currencies in stock and you have to order it a week in advance.
Not at this place.
It's available for same day service.
I personally think the tellers are rude, not all of them but a few in particular.
I think they need to have better manners and etiquette with the clients.
This is a small wittle bank.
The two tellers seemed nice.
My favorite part is that there was nobody there which surprised me given it's a saturday.
My only complaint is that i used the atm outside to deposit and it seriously took 15 minutes!
!which led me to use the actual humans inside.
Looks like i found my new bank
There's simply just not enough staff to accommodate the customers.
The line inside is just as long.
The app deposit function isn't working so thus to the bank i go.
Only one lane is open and the tellers are doing the job of five.
There's normally only one banker taking all the clients.. never a pleasant experience.
Citibank is by far the worst bank on earth, i use several.
I would give 5 stars to chase and discover - i like capital one too.
But 8701 w sahara is the worst of the worst.
There is one teller who is nice, i like her a lot.
But every other teller is terrible, persistently rude, really makes for a well deserved name, shittibank!
They were friendly enough.
But there were no incentives for veterans to upgrade account types.
-had my direct deposit available on saturday prior to pay week.
They follow the rules and take time to understand.
Banker alicia is a great person and very passionate banker.
She helped me with my banking issue very helpful way.
She finished the job during the conversation with her.
It didn't seem like i went to banker rather it felt like i was talking to my friend.
For her customer service, i will give 5 .
I called to see if they had a safety deposit box and what sizes.
I talked with dalton who was very helpful.
They had all sizes available except the largest one called a body box.
Also very reasonable annual fee.
This bank is huge with plenty of tellers to help you.
I could not understand the person that popped up.
Go figure bank of america would outsource and take jobs away from americans.
This is horrible and big corporations like this should be penalized for out sourcing.
This location is a joke!
There are no tellers there to assist anyone anymore and you can't deposit coins!
What kind of a bank doesn't accept coins?!
She offered assistance before she was even settled just so we wouldn't have to wait in line any longer.
She was so sweet and professional, which made the experience pleasant.
This branch always provides excellent customer service, thank you boa!
Darian, our personal banker had called to see if we needed to refi our car.
I scheduled w/ darian for that & also for mom to get help on her new account.
I can appreciate honest customer service.
He was helpful, kind, honest & professional.
After, i had to make a deposit.
The teller said she saw the birthday alert & just wanted to wish her a happy birthday.
The elderly lady left all smiles & happy.
I like all of the wells fargo's & their online & atm services, but this particular one is awesome.
Next time you're in there, be patient & enjoy good customer service that is hard to find.
Just spent 15 minutes making a deposit, with the deposit sheet indicating that i wanted cash back.
The teller proudly handed me my deposit sheet- with no cash!
Perhaps she didn't notice my signature either.
What's the point of even going inside at a bank these days if you don't need cash?
I can deposit my checks from my phone.
Irritated with the waste of time, and the now necessary trip to the atm.
Just tried to deposit cash into my mothers account with all necessary info needed for deposit only.
Teller stated they don't accept cash for deposits.
They will only accept money orders, cashiers check and debit cards.
Since when does a bank not accept us currency?
This seems to defeat the purpose of what banks are for.
Very similar to the days when mtv no longer wads playing music.
This is a great branch of huntington bank.
There are 2 consistent tellers that know exactly what they are doing and are always friendly.
There is never a line for service.
I do attribute that to the fact the tellers are efficient andknow what they are doing.
I would bank at huntington bank only because of this branch and the service that i receive.
If you are looking for a great little downtown bank this is it!!
So, banking has become such a unaccountable crime-spree that i decided to go with my credit union.
Two months in and so far it is worse than my old bank.
And what about your money?
Well it ain't yours once they get their hands on it.
Two week hold on funds that were transferred the first day is sop.
I'm making my mortgage payment in cash this month because they won't release the funds they've had for 12 days.
Fleecing your customers is not a sustainable business model.
I've already started looking for another bank that wants to actually do business.
Initially liked the personal service and familiarity that comes with being a valued customer.
And sad that turnover and a lack of education about basic bank processes have led to poor service.
Full staff means 2 tellers.
Thank god i closed my account here and switched to a bank that has cares about service.
Unless you have time to waste and absolutely nothing to do.
I am updating this review.
This is truly the worst branch i've ever been to.
Always long, slow lines.
And always managers waking around or hanging out in their offices doing nothing.
I'm writing this as i stand in line.
There are 14 people in line and it's slow as molasses.
I need to remember never to go to this branch again.
It is the worst service.
Sherryll is my bank lady, she's got a great personality and a strong handshake.
I trust her with all my business.
Amazing customer service at this location too.
I'm always around, i actually get my nails done in the same plaza too.
At chau's nail & spa so i'm being honest.
I've been banking here for over 2 years now, love it.
Typical boa branch set up near south park mall.
A walk up atm is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru atm.
Super easy & friendly.....exchange my so fast,might have trouble finding the building
I always love my wells fargo banks and like this one mostly for it's convenient location.
Came in and was helped quickly, the teller was friendly and provided good service.
The bank was clean and had multiple tellers available for help.
Will be back again.
Been a member for many years.
Always willing to help you.
Online banking is easy to use.
We experienced this particular office to have incredibly poor customer service and an extremely rude office representative.
She was very unhelpful, unwilling to help and very combative.
This woman alone is why we will never deal with statefarm again.
I try to avoid going to this location if possible.
I have had quite a few frustrating experiences with unhelpful tellers at this location.
I'm waiting...waiting, waiting for their underwriting team to complete the simple process of a vehicle loan.
Requested a supervisor, who called back 4 hours later with the same ridiculous answer.
Use them for their rates and bank with with a big bank.
That's what i do.
Avoid it at all costs.
I am or a should say was a 25 year customer, until they rejected a $500,000.00 deposit.
Wow, a bank that has no interest in a $500k deposit?
Wells fargo finds way to "shine" everyday.
The branch manager here should be running a lemonade stand and not a bank!
Looks like i am going to look for a new bank, even though most of them are like airlines.
With consolidation, they all mostly suck anymore!
There is always a line, like your at an amusement park.
They have a lot of windows, but never enough tellers!
I love all quick trips.
They have clean restrooms they can help two people at one time.
There ice is the coldest.
There bananas are yellow.
I wish i could give negative stars to this credit union.
They are rude and refuse to give you documents when requested.
Managers talk in circles to make you upset then when you try to correct them they get upset.
I wish the would sell off my car loan.
A great place to hang out.
Good selection of books and magazines.
They are very helpful locating books and will order for you if you don't find what you're looking for.
There's plenty of parking.
It's a good place to bring kids too as there is a good children's section.
Joanna morris was very helpful.
Now i am thrilled because of the educational services she provided.
Great service  dori the manager and her team are very professional and kindness!
Staff is always helpful and courteous.
They care about having my business.
First let me say i go there about 10 times per month for the last few years.
I run a business near by so that is the only reason i still come to this branch.
The slowest service i have seen at any bank.
The tellers are very friendly but that does no make up for how poorly this branch operated.
The service is fast almost to the point where you have to double check to make sure everything was done.
I have lowered my expectations over the years due to nellis bank of america the worst.
Everytime i go they remind me how bad this bank is.
Again it's not the tellers its management.
The manager just has no clue he is the one that should recognize the flow of his bank.
He needs to foresee his high traffic days and train his staff accordingly.
Please bank of america look into your poorly run and you will easily see you are losing customers.
Convenient location but it does not have a drive thru atm.
You can choose how you want your bills back, in $1,$5$10$or$20
Wells fargo tries harder.
Sort of like those rental car commercials years ago.
There is so much banter from every one in the bank, asking "how are you doing?
", "what are you doing this weekend", blah, blah blah.
Overkill in my opinion.
Unlike my local bank in illinois where everybody really cared who you were and called you by name.
It's only business, trust me.
I guess my bullshit meter finally couldn't take it anymore today.
Hey, i thought we were friends.
So not my favorite bank, but convenience seems to rule the day.
Even bryce (the teller i usually speak with) joined in the effort.
By the way, this was by no fault of this branch but rather my california credit union.
Problem addressed and rectified.
I truly believe in professionalism and actually taking care of the client.
This trio, along with entire staff, has displayed courtesy and professionalism every time i've been in!
I think i am going to establish a new account with this bank.
Highly recommend this bank for all your financial needs.
Thank you again, wendi, laura and bryce.
Thank you george dammeir for being great at what you do and offering fantastic customer service!
I have been with state farm and joe janet's office for over 7 years now.
I actually signed with them after some terrible experiences with a local american family office.
I have to say that in all that time, i have always received friendly and attentive service from this office.
As good as it gets!
I love banks that are in old historical buildings!
I love to see how they incorporate the old with the new.
I assisted my client with his banking needs and the staff person was very nice and helpful.
After my bank turned me down (told me to go to the airport!
The customer behind me in line suggested foreign money exchange.
This is a wonderful place.
The women working there were patient and explained the system to me.
They didn't even seem to mind that i had a complicated order (ordering several currencies).
This was a very easy process.
And i highly recommend them.
This location itself is a little hidden, and the area is under construction.
But i didn't have any issues (and they validated my parking!)
I'm so grateful the guy behind me at the bank knew about this place.
I've said it before when reviewing other fcu branches, and i'll say it again:  banks suck!
First credit union is not a bank.
They report to no shareholders, no investors.
There's just the members (like me!).
Service is better, fewer (and smaller) fees, and a full-range of services.
The only down-side is fewer locations.
Fcu also financed my last car, and our home.
Come to a credit union.
I am happy with this one, but there are other cus to choose from (which you may qualify to join).
To date, probably the worst customer service ever experienced.
This bank sometimes doesnt have cash if you can believe that.
Twice ive tried to withdraw 10-15k and they said you have to order it.
Management does not understand customer service.
Banks that do not have cash in a city like scottsdale.
I can comment on the cafe most of all as this is my study hall area.
It's always clean and always cool and quiet.
The staff in the cafe is very friendly and let me know what the specials are.
They even ask me if i'm doing ok on my beverage too.
4 stars in my book.
The woman who helped me was so nice.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Boa usually have the worst service among any other banks around.
But this one is way worsen than the worst.
This company is an absolute pleasure to deal with.
They are professional, efficient and hassle free.
Banks take too long and make you jump through hoops to get financing.
Prudent is a much better alternative when you need a quick loan.
They know their clients by name and treat them with respect.
Ever since linda left this place is horrible.
It's tuesday morning and they have one teller, 9 people in like and people just sitting in their offices.
Don't come here if you need actual service.
This is one of the few full service branches of citibank still left in vegas.
It has all the services but it will be busy most of the time.
Be sure to leave enough time if you are going to need assistance, especially on friday.
It open on saturday but i believe only till 2 pm.
And get there prompt because they will close those doors on time.
I have been a customer at this branch for 20 years.
That is a long time.
This was many years ago and george helped me with taking care of these issues.
He was concerned, compassionate and professional.
Toni marie has also helped with deposits and ira accounts.
All of the above are very personable and knowledgeable at their jobs.
Who would think a bank would be busy on a monday lunch.
Anyone except these guys apparently.
One teller even with the line out the door and a bunch of employees stood round chit chatting.
This branch is inside the safeway store.
But in general they do a good job for the customers and keep the line moving.
I've had great experiences at this branch.
Both with the tellers and the sit down bankers.
I recommend coming to this branch if you bank with chase.
Like someone said before me, "don't go here if you need something done quickly".
They are always incredibly understaffed and it can take 30-45 minutes to make a simple deposit.
A merchant teller is supposed to be there starting at 10am, but is rarely ever there.
Running a business is incredibly time consuming and a merchant teller is quite convenient to have, however it's never available!
With all that said, the people in there are incredibly nice, so plus one star for that.
Whenever i'm over in the kannapolis/concord area, this branch is pretty convenient for me.
It's in a shopping center with harris teeter, along with several other smaller shops & services.
The tellers here are very nice & efficient, although generally, i use the drive thru atm.
There's plenty of parking & easy in/easy out access.
I have banked here for years and have been very happy with their services.
I have personal accounts and business accounts
This company makes it so hard to pay them.
Awful company, unhelpful employees and bad policies.
I've been banking here since i was young.
The staff is so friendly, and extremely helpful!
Natalie and miguel are my two favorite employees at this branch!
The greenway location matt is awesome too!
Highly recommend banking with midfirst!
They make everything so easy on you!
This branch is famous for long wait times.
Poor answer when customers are trying to bring money to their business.
Probably one of my least favorite wells fargo banks that i have to unfortunately hit every once in awhile.
This wells fargo is located off silverado and bermuda.
My biggest issues with this location is;  1.
No drive thru atm.
There's a drive thru, but it's for el pollo loco.
As a result, found myself ordering some chicken.
The lines during the day are crazy long and it seems they take forever at this location.
I probably spend more money on gas than the $2 additional charge.
I get my hair cuts at the xpress cuts located in the same parking lot.
So, i really have no choice about hitting this wells every once in awhile.
Avoid avoid worst bank ever.
Do not go here bank anywhere else at all cost.
They don't care about reviews as obvious by there 2 stars.
I wouldn't give them 0 stars if possible.
Great bank, excellent location on the corner of scottsdale rd.
& frank lloyd wright blvd.
Went in an out of the branch in less than 5 minutes.
Security guard stand on-duty during normal bank hours.
Lots of parking spaces.
This is one of the worst banks that i ever had to deal with.
Most of the people are suburbanites who have no concept of toronto or torontonians and they are all stuffy wannabes.
Does this sound harsh?
Well, i was putting it politely.
The bankers at this location are what you would expect to find at a cibc branch.
I have chosen to deal with another bank.
Should be 0 stars.
Don't ever go to the chase bank on alma school & queen creek.
I was going over there to look at moving all of my business and personal accounts to them.
35 minutes later no help from anybody.
Not even one person said we will be right with you.
I guess the yelp reviews don't lie lol.
My first and last time here.
I walked in to 17 people in line and two tellers!
I have never heard so many people complain in a banking line before.
Good experience for me and the near future.
This bank is very close to my house.
But, i had never gone there.
Even though i have an acct here.
I don't know why!
But, know i have been here 3 times.
Both times have been really good.
Wells fargo always thanks you for your bussiness, which is really nice.
Lots of parking, as well as a drive through.
The tellers are very helpful and friendly.
I needed my last statement printed up.
No problem they did it in minutes and they did not charge me.
I am very happy with my customer service here every time.
Thank you wells fargo!
Location is great but calling them with intents to speak to an actual person is useless..
In short, expect robot service.
I had a great experience working with allison hilliard at goodmortgage.com.
She makes herself available to answer questions and made the process run smoothly.
My experience was hassle free and i recommend goodmortgage.com for competitive rates and superior customer service.
If i could rate negative stars, i'd give this place -32 in a heart beat.
The entire bank is filled with other employees walking around or sitting at their desks.
It's more than clear that this bank needs to hire and staff more tellers at their windows during these hours.
In which i don't think is a bad idea at the point.
The tellers call customers from the regular line much more frequently than this line.
So what's the purpose of having this line?
Imagine that now, two teller windows open for lines that snake out to the door.
Do not bank here.
I was referred by my realtor.
Did not get a good vibe.
I bought a nook from this location a year and a half ago.
Today i had to return it for a third time, not barnes and nobles fault, for a new one.
I had james helping us because the nook people were fighting us for this return.
James spent over an hour and a half on the phone making sure we got the replacement we asked for.
He was awesome and i am very impressed with his dedication to the customer!
I used their atm and it shut down before i received my cash.
Amount was debited from my account.
Chase representative tells me there is nothing they can do about this.
First and only experience/visit here was unpleasant.
How is this allowed in a customer service industry?
I've banked with this bank for almost 15 years.
There is nothing special about them.
They are impossible to get ahold of.
If they call you don't bother trying to call them back because they don't answer.
There are only 3 locations in the valley so hope you live close.
Christopher kidd is the best!
I had to come here in december when chase decided to cancel my credit card.
They wouldn't even let me talk to them on the phone and fix it that way.
So, 5 stars, chris.
I was a member of canyon state credit union for years and never had any problems until yesterday.
They could not resolve the issue.
I attempted to call and got heather whom provided the worst customer service i have ever had.
She told me she couldn't talk to me about my own account because it wasn't my card that was declined.
Basically heather didn't have an answer and had no desire to do her job.
I promptly went and closed my account and withdrew all funds.
I can tell you the teller at the osborn location was no better.
Promptly went to another credit union and had an exceptional experience.
Canyon state should ditch heather or consider a customer service training course for all employees.
I've used fme twice now, one trip for euros and the second trip for chinese yuan.
I will always exchange my money here before going on a trip, great rates!
I was in an out in about 5 minutes, make sure they validate your parking!
Fyi if you need financial help they don't care and will refuse.
Only time i needed there help .
Super cold people there.
Look elsewhere if you need help!!!!!
Bank is holding large checks.
The next class action lawsuit.
They really screw my taxes over!!!
That's how i was treated here by an associate named rodney.
So i came here.
They refused to cash it, so i decided to open an account.
Rodney was the one "helping" me.
Well then why wouldn't you just let me cash the check?!?
I told him i needed to open an account anyway as i don't currently have one.
"well, it's twelve dollars a month..." as though i couldn't afford a measly $12 a month!
I left feeling insulted.
You really know how to treat potential customers, chase.
I'm never darkening your door again.
Oh, and i will gladly remove this review if an attempt to rectify this situation is made.
It's literally like this every time i  come here, someone needs to address this issue...
I banked with b of a for over a decade.
I called and they told me, in effect, to go screw myself.
You are a fool if you do business with these people.
By far one of the worst credit unions to do business with i wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
There are far better companies out there that want your business and will work with you.
It's a credit union.
What more can i say?
Open an account for the benefits and diversify your funds.
Convenient and quiet location in downtown phx.
However, extremely easy to find.
When you drive to facility, park vehicle in underground parking under "visitor parking."
Take your ticket with you to be validated at foreign money exchange.
Enter the building marked tower not plaza.
As soon as you enter, foreign money exchange is on the left side.
I requested $100 worth of euros evenly divided between two people and staff complied.
I had to fill out a sales slip with my name and address.
You must pay in cash only.
I then had my parking ticket validated by staff placing a green sticker on it.
Otherwise, i will also use an atm while there.
Was in and out in under 5 minutes.
Would definitely return again.
I like the phone app, the online access and the guarantees they have for identity theft etc.
I did my address update in person here and they were very efficient and professional.
I just want to take a moment to recognize eric f.  at your location.
The company i work for comes in weekly and can sometimes take a little longer to get in and out.
Eric was great and efficient.
He made sure that everything was organized and didn't rush which most people want to do.
Thank you eric for making a common visit great!!
Very nice location, customer service is very good.
Daisy the rep is very nice and knowledgeable.
There is a brand spanking new td canada trust in town and it is just off macleod trail.
So there is a lot of parking and hardly any line-ups.
I have been a client of td for over 15 years now and am extremely satisfied with banking there.
I have my car insured at td as well as an accident insurance plan established there.
They have also gifted me with my first credit card in 15 years.
Td was very quick to courier me a replacement card in 48 hours at no charge.
How can you beat this service?
Come back tomorrow, jaz?!"
Nice i have this lady!
"ok i'll ask him he's in the back" who's him?
Idk, she didn't say.
The woman at the serene branch was an older white woman with short brown hair and glasses.
Can't say too much except that i come here to cash my work petty cash and they're always nice.
It's never busy they're always friendly and they get me the money.
I guess three new accounts and a substantial deposit account is of no interest to them.
That said, the people at this branch do offer decent service and are concerned with doing the right thing.
They've been very helpful when the corporate office didn't want to cooperate.
The white lady with the colors eyes short hair has the best attitude ever .
If i didn't wanna slap the shit out of her.
Pam and everyone at the bank are very nice and provide great service.
Have been there for 15 years and never have had any issues with the service.
Holy crap they take a long time !!!
30 min in the drive thru and i was the only person in line
Nice people but they are always understaffed.
Pretty sure bofa can afford the overhead to put another person on.
I really do love my bank, as strange as that sounds.
Td canada trust offers customers great banking solutions  during hours that actually work for them.
This is always incredible to me.
Additionally, when i was recently visiting nyc, td had banks everywhere.
I'm not even kidding--i must've seen at least five around midtown manhattan.
When they say they are everywhere, they really aren't kidding.
Amador in the business services dept was very helpful and easy to get along with.
All of my mortgage and personal services were handled professionally.
Ladies are wonderful and gives you awesome advices.
Validated my parking stub too.
Tip: we found place easily by reading other comments on here.
Rates are awesome and worth the trip.
I opened an account with wells fargo because they had a cash promotion.
After 3 months of waiting i didn't get my money, so i called.
The manager told me to come in so he could verify my identity.
4 weeks went by, i still didn't get my money.
I called the bank again and the manager sounded surprise when i told him i haven't received anything.
9 days went by and i didn't hear back and still didn't receive any promotion.
Tellers are usually friendly and helpful but this has to be by far the slowest chase bank in las vegas.
Expect to wait 15 minutes in line every time.
Met with personal banker, chris, who was very polite and professional.
Didn't have the proper item for the deal, but cross my fingers- hopefully i'll get a mailer.
Is this why this bank is still in business?
Hopefully i get my money back soon, complaint on its way...
I don't really have anything bad to say about this branch.
Sometimes the wait here is a little long as they don't seem to operate with alot of tellers.
I have used a bunch of their services including the 24 hours atm and notary.
It's very convenient being so close to where i live.
It's convenient to have so many other stores close by.
Shelly has taken care of my mortgage needs for several years.
Super hard to deal with this credit union.
I think today was the first time i've ever been told someplace doesn't accept visa.
Both times very easy, fast, and convenient.
I'm going again this week and expect that i will have the same pleasant experience.
Thanks for making the process so easy!
Came here as another location (desert inn and durango) didn't have the sufficient staff to provide the service...
This was previously a washington mutual location before it turned into a chase.
It has quite the .... different design than a normal bank....
After going through those doors, you have a huge wall leading you into a huge room.
Bankers to the left, tellers to the right.
According to the banker who helped me, this was the design of the previous wamu.
She described it as like a huge living room.
Process was seamless and quick.
Banker stated card will arrive in about a week in a non-labeled white envelope.
Not her fault but still very inconvenient.
I know how fast you can issue or order a replacement debit card.
The lobby leader called around other branches to see if an appt.
Is available today rather then just ordering a debit card for me.
Now i'm leaving the branch without a debit card but a number to call to order one for myself.
Bank of america seriously needs to rethink the way they do business with our money.
I've been banking with them for years and i feel like they don't value our banking relationship.
The customer service has been quickly going downhill!
As a teacher, i am part of b&n's educator discount program.
I needed an esl book for my esl students, and went there to buy one.
When i got to the front, they informed me that this book was not covered under the discount.
I explained why i needed it, and the girl just shrugged.
I asked to speak to the manager and she basically told me the same thing with the same uncaring attitude.
I was not happy with their lack of empathy.
However, they did not.
They simply treated me like i was taking up their time and not an important customer.
I will never buy another book from b&n again.
I have done business with banks, credit unions and savings and loans my entire adult life, forty plus years.
From the account specialist, to the assistant manager, to their ira department.
Y'all have the opportunity to learn from my mistake, if you are planning to do business with this institution.
Ok so you know this but choose to have 2 tellers on your busiest day?
Exchanged us for canadian currency today.
No fee,  and the % was only .01 more than my phone reported.
My parking stub was validated and the transfer was fast and efficient.
How easy is that!
Their return policy sucks!
I figured a big box store would be more flexible.
:((( you only have 14 days people, & zero on clearance items, no matter how expensive.
No bank is perfect.
They all are problematic & have issues.
The trick is finding a bank whose issues you can live with.
I opened my account in henderson but for some reason this location is my "home branch."
I live in silverado ranch near the mccarran center, but ok...whatever.
My office isn't far from this one.
She has always been helpful & responsive with whatever i need.
I was in yesterday and was finally able to meet her.
Definitely makes my life easier & i appreciate her help when i need it.
Wish the atm was drive thru here.
Its a matter of grocery shopping or going out with friends this interferes with.
The 2 hours makes a difference.
If you are looking for bad service and rude tellers, you've come to the right bank!
Service here has always been slow but now they've reached a new extreme.
They've replaced all but one teller with atms in the branch.
Over a 30 minute wait with just two people in front of me.
Definitely will be looking for a new bank.
My husband and i had a pretty odd experience here.
Despite wasting a good half hour of our busy day, nothing was accomplished.
Ugh  we went in around 4pm for my husband to open up an account (i already have one).
We waited in line for a teller.
2 people were in front of us but it moved very slowly.
Finally a teller told us we had to see the front desk to speak to a personal banking agent.
Seth helped us out.
Overall he was very friendly.
He asked my husband questions to help him open an account.
He kept saying his system was acting up/freezing and he had to re-boot.
Seth tried to do that as well but also stated he had issues with the program freezing ect.
Pnc is a huge bank and no other tellers or bankers were mentioning a system lag or the system down.
It was completely inconvenient and a waste of time  i personally opened my account on the north shore.
My experience was excellent..
So much so that i recommended pnc bank to my husband.
His first impression with pnc was pretty awful and i doubt we will do our banking with pnc.
You lost 2 good customers.
The lines are extremely slow.
When loading your opt plus card !!
Why do people have prepaid cards if you're going to ask me for id when i'm loading cash on it.
Do your job, stop being nosy bitch the card says preferred customer!!!
The outside is being painted today, specifically the drive thru, they have all of them closed.
Should have staffed for the drive thrus not being available
The staff was friendly and helpful, though there was an awful lot of attempted upselling by them.
Standard for a bank, though.
I am not a us bank customer.
My tenant even knew the employees names at the local branch, so i'm positive that she called them.
I was fairly irrate at this point and the situation escalated into verbal warfare.
Then they won't even fix the problem after their customer calls them to try and remedy the supposed issue.
They promote a culture of bad attitude and self serving behavior.
By the way, this particular branch was located at 3450 w bell rd.
I own a business and i do deposits daily.
I have never seen a bank more understaffed.
Clearly on pourpose because it's always slow service.
2 tellers for 15 ppl waiting while the other ppl in the office tap on their keyboard.
Very frustrating place to do business with.
The tellers are fine and that's the only reason it's not 1 star.
The problem is getting to the tellers.
Really bofa u can't afford more help!!!
I saw all these good reviews and decided to give it a try.
I first came and started checking around.
There are almost none of any good items that is under $10 like most comments about.
So i decided to bring one of the $200 dollars, and see how much it is worth pawning.
The lenses had been used couple time, and stay in working conditions.
Upon inspecting and looking it up, she went straight gave $15 on it.
Don't waste your time here.
This is my go to bank because it's close to my daughter's school and it's right by my house.
I don't really like the lines that i always face.
I would assume they should think to hire a few more tellers to handle the crowds that they get.
I do have to say, ramon has great people skills.
The only thing they really dislike is the fact that i'm always waiting at least 15 minutes in line.
I just wanted to thank zack for always being excited to help me .
He has good advice and is an asset to wells fargo.
All the tellers are great .
Especially kacie she always makes you feel important and makes you feel good about yourself.
John the manager is great also.
I was with a different bank and they don't have locations across the us when i travel .
Wells fargo is everywhere .
Other banks draw you in with promotions and freebies .
Then you can never find a branch .
Wells fargo will offer you a cold water but way better banking .
Been with state farm over 50 years.
Whenever needed state farm has been there for me.
Moved here to las vegas in august, transferred policy to mark citsay office.
Was impressed with staff and quick response.
In september, i was quickly introduced to las vegas traffic.
My vehicle was rear ended and totaled on the summerlin freeway.
Marks office staff was immediately on it and quickly got me taken care of.
I highly recommend mark citsay and his staff.
Good thing i don't live here and won't use this location again.
I should've walked out right there but i was stupid and stayed around.
Next i was seated with a personal banker who had a dual appointment with bank of america and merrill lynch.
I gave him my atm card and asked that he look up my accounts.
I have three checking accounts with bank of america and one savings.
I keep that checkbook in my bag to pay simple league fees for shooting.
I find out it has done away with that now because they just want more fees.
Don't make enough money and they want to squeeze their customers more?
I'm half tempted to do it if this keeps up i think i will.
Standing in line for 30 mins or more most of the time.
No sense of urgency at all.
There is always 2 tellers working with a line out to the door.
Stay away from the wall street mega banks and put your money into a community bank like midfirst.
It's only appropriate and about time i did a review for my all time favorite banking facility.
Let me begin by saying that over the last ten years!
I've had the life experience of having a bank account at basically everywhere.
From credit unions, to state banks, to other national banks!
Time and time again!
I always come back to wells fargo.
I've gotten credit cards, car loans, countless checking and savings accounts, insurance!!
By far the best customer service, always understanding, and i have had overdrafts which i have gotten reversed!
I've never really had any major or even minor issues with them.
I have just reached my 10th year anniversary with them as a my bank, and i couldn't be happier!
I'm on this stage coach for good!
Never thought i would be writing a review on a bank, but great service must be recognized.
Wf employee brandi was efficient in assisting me and even reminded me of the need to renew my driver's license.
I did not realize it needed to be renewed.
Thank you brandi for your help!
My daughter and i received exceptional customer service.
She was looking for some new reads and elizabeth was amazing!!
She listened to her interests and made suggestions based on that.
We bought more books than we came in for and my daughter loves all of them.
Like most other qt's clean but could use some help at this one.
Not disgusting but not what i'm used to from other locations.
Can get busy certain nights but that's expected.
Only came here because i had savings bonds to cash and my credit union couldn't do that.
Literally had to see 3 people to do one thing.
Customer service is awful, makes me thankful i keep all my money at sharonview.
Only gave one star because i had to.
Always nice to come here.
Every one is so nice.
No one likes to go bank after work but it's not bad at all for me to swing by here.
Right off the 303 in the albertsons shopping center.
I used to bank with chase right after the wamu merger.
I was not impressed.
That all changed recently when i opened a new account.
They don't have a fee for exchange!
The customer service is excellent!
Don't forget to have your parking validated.
We inherited some jewelry from my stepmother and needed to sell it.
The pieces we sold to biltmore were two rings, neither of which were especially fashionable in today's market.
Two other buyers had given us prices which only recognized the scrap value of the gold and platinum settings.
Did we get what the rings would sell for to an interested private individual?
Heck no, but it could have taken us years to find such a buyer.
I have really enjoyed banking at chase and think their customer service is great.
I can honestly say these two people i point out here could easily be cool and good friends.
Plus this place is convenient - atm is never packed and you're always in and out.
I have been a member of dsfcu for almost 20 years.
I have no significant complaints about their customer service.
They have always been friendly and helpful.... but i am about to close my main account (a checking account).
There haven't really been any compelling reason to stay with dsfcu for years but i did.
Their online banking interface is incredibly dated.
As with most credit unions, they don't have many of their own atms and none outside of arizona.
Yes, i know "shared branching" exists but it's a lot easier to find a "chase" or "bank of america" sign.
I will admit, they finally addressed the poorly designed phone app so that was a plus.
But... when i found out about this new "relationship rewards" program, it pushed me off the edge.
The letter told me i was at the "achieve" level.
I am a college educated professional.
It took me some time to figure out what factors lead to placing me there.
I followed the x/y table to determine where my row and column met.
After that, i wasn't entirely clear on the parameters so i had to carefully read the fine print.
I had all these benefits on my checking account before this "relationship rewards" program.
Before this program, i knew the three things, the same three things mentioned above, that allowed me to avoid fees.
I'm not going to jump through this hoop.
You have become a big bank (err...
I mean... credit union).
You've managed to become just like a big bank but with even less convenience.
Now... you still have my mortgage which is fine.
I don't have to traverse a maze or solve a sudoku puzzle to determine or pay the monthly bill.
Please don't screw that up.
Some of the staff are great, but i hate bank of america and this location is exactly why.
There is only ever 1, maybe 2 tellers if you are lucky, and the line is always way too long.
Every time i come i'm afraid i didn't put enough money in the meter.
The hours are horrible, opens after i have to be at work, and closes before i get off.
Why does that make any sense.
Closed on sunday's of course and only open in a three hour window on saturday.
And i also hate ba's policy of having someone at the door asking why i'm there.
If i didn't have to be there i wouldn't.
Instead, have that useless position get behind the counter and stop wasting my time is your long line.
Not to mention he made the process very time efficient.
I walked in for the first time, in order to open a checking and savings account.
Nobody came off as friendly or approachable.
No one said anything to me, there was no greeting nor any direction.
Politely i am standing in line behind a customer when another walks up.
The tellers have seen me standing there.
I'm 6'6, kinda hard to miss.. they take the lady who is in "line" next.
The place i should have been but the sign was covered.
That's enough of a first impression for me to take my business elsewhere.
Dinorah was excellent, she processed my wire transfer quickly and was very nice.
She also helped me order a replacement atm card.
I truly enjoyed my experience at this bank.
This bank is an absolute joke.
I never knew what i had at wells fargo until i opened an account here.
Opening an account takes longer than 45 minutes?
What are your bankers still in training??
Today i came in to get a direct deposit form.
So i'm standing there confused.
Who told me it was half hour to get a sheet of paper.
I don't need to be told twice, goodbye chase!
My uncle asked me to help him with an estate that was left to him.
I cannot tell you enough how glad i was to work with biltmore loan.
Many of the items were rare... many were junk:).
We were glad to have their help.
Some of the things they just told us to put up on ebay.
Others they had ideas for getting top dollar.
I ran them over just to see what they would offer.
Some of the items were stamped silver.
They made a $300 offer for the lot.
Toni, and her office, have been wonderful to work with.
Toni got back to us quickly, understood our needs, and was tremendously easy to work with.
It's been the best insurance experience we've ever had.
I highly recommend her to everyone (by which i mean i actually recommend her to everyone who asks).
Found this place thanks to yelp.
Lady at the desk was very nice.
I didn't know if i was being charged a fee or not.
Which it really didn't matter, since i just wanted to change my extra pesos for dollars.
The place is a bit hidden.
So i will know next time i come back.
Best private bank in the state of arizona.
I enjoyed their fast and friendly staffs.
In and out of the bank in less than 5 minutes.
They also offer nationwide free atm service, it's a must if you travel a lot like me.
And they are the home bank for arizona state university sun devils!
I had state farm ins for over 30 years.
When i moved to arizona i continued to have state farm ins with sam winter in ahwatukee az.
Equally impossible to work with are the staff who handle your claim.
I had over $35,000 in doctor bills.
State farm would not give me money to pay the bills, claiming that they only write one check.
Eventually the hospital put a lien against me.
When pressed state farm made a partial payment, after telling me that they never do that!
I dropped state farm.
Does this sound like a good neighbor to you?
Took over 2 years to settle.
One of the worst citi bank branch.
All the time problems.
Manager is apsent , personal unprofesional and needs a lot of help to conduct busssiness.
Shame on citi bank to continue to have such poor manager.
If you looking for trobles please stop by.
Was a member of wamu until chase bought them out.
They let me keep my free checking/checks that i had from the wamu days.
Have had no issues.
Always friendly and helpful service.
They have a great exchange rate.
It's clean inside and the lady at the front desk was professional and kind.
I will readily drive to the other side of the city before i go here.
I went here first and was absolutely frustrated.
She kept saying "and they couldn't just do this there?"
And "our policy is that you just take it into your local banking center".
I needed an account verification form filled out.
I absolutely will not go back for anything other than the atm.
Always a friendly staff and clean store.
My family always had state farm insurance at hawaii.
They've always pushed me to get state farm too.
But it would always look for those cheap insurance out there.
But last, i decided to give it a try.
They also have life insurance.
Anyways i love that they have a 24hr assistance that you may call.
I've had to call them twice with no hassle.
They're always there in my time of need.
Oh and is a live person you talk too.
So ya....i love my experience with them.
***** a must read before you open account******  just had worst experience in this bank.
I had some issue with my account and needed some funds reversed.
So i sat there waiting for 45 min.
As i'm waiting another customer walks in and also needed to see branch manager "vanessa gonzalez".
Right away they interrupted their meeting for this gentlemen.
So his issue and time was more important than mine..
I would hate for this to happen to anyone else.
Foreign money exchange is literally the only good currency exchange in las vegas.
They'll rip you off.
They'll rip you off then rip your heart with their terrible exchange rates.
If you're coming from las vegas blvd, it'll be in the complex after the royal resort.
Park in the underground garage.
Take the elevator to the first floor, it'll be on your right side.
Walk in with your cash money.
Validate your parking pass.
Walk out with your foreign cash money.
Monday morning at 9:30am, why only 1 teller, sort of working?
This is the case no matter when u come here.
This branch is the worst!
Why don't they hire more tellers??
Customers yell every time i come but nothing changes.
Went to go exchange usd to cad.
The rate right now is about .77, i got mine exchange for .785.
This is actually pretty good considering the fact that they don't have any additional fees.
The person that helped me was quick and efficient.
I was in there for about 5 minutes top.
She validated my parking without even asking me or me having to ask her first.
Definitely a go-to place if you ever need to exchange any money.
Amazing customer service and they took care of me and my account.
I dealt with luis and it was a pleasant experience through and through.
We have now been waiting for nearly half an hour for the opprtunity to borrow money from these people.
Needless to say, this will be our last piece of business with this bank.
If you value your time, run away!!
We have been customers for over five years.
We will drop this as soon as possible.
I walked in and saw the banker in the first stall on his phone texting.
Whatever, no one else was waiting and he wasn't with a customer so don't mind.
Among other reasons, this being the cherry on top, i closed my account.
Manny ramirez, chase banker asked "can't you see your account online."
When i stopped in to ask a question about my account.
Like i was bothering him.
Very rude and disrespectful.
When i spoke with dirk, the branch manager, all he had were excuses for manny ramirez behavior.
Obviously, these chase employees don't realize without customers they wouldn't have a job.
This is the second time i have had extremely poor service at this branch and i will certainly never return.
I know all the big banks are pathetic.
I would give them all 0 stars , if possible.
I have been transferring funds to ally bank.
A savings acct with them pays .99%.they are fdic insured.
I have been with citi nearly 20 years.
I closed all my accounts here today.
Horrible customer service, they would not even call me back to tell me they have declined my new auto refinance.
Had previous loans and banked here for years.
They didn't even bother to ask why or keep my business.
No more desert schools, adios.
This place is awesome.
I traded us dollars to canadian, the ladies were friendly and knowledgeable.
Parking is crazy but they validate.
Just wondering if anyone else has the problems i have had with their financial  institutions?
I have had desert schools federal credit union for 20+- years.
Their online banking is for the birds.
Then their phone support is just as bad.
I called and my doorbell rang and when i came back it was giving me a false busy.
Was online again, doorbell rang, came back and had been kicked off.
2nd call, was in middle of conversation, doorbell rang, came back and false busy once again.
I had even told the girl this last time i had to answer my door but would return.
Is there anyhway to get through life without banks????
7 minutes online is not enough time to reconcile statement, pay bills online, etc.
Does anyone who designs these sites understand the process of paying bills online?
Maybe some people do 1 thing and 7 minutes is enough time for them.
But other people require longer depending on what all they need to do.
Why do they not understand this?
They say the reason is for security.
I don't need that much security and should be able to customize my settings for this feature.
The agent looked at my record and took immediate action... then promised a 30 minute call back.
I am beyond happy with my new policy and the wonderful customer service i received from her office!
Fifth turd is a more fitting name for this joke of a bank.
You're just a number and a means to siphon fees.
We're plagued by quirky systems errors causing a host of issues.
As great as their reviews suggest.
Fast, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable.
Exchanged some us dollars for mexican pesos.
Garage is well lit and plenty of spaces close to elevator.
Get your ticket validated for free parking.
Great exchange rates to boot.
I went to use their atm to check my balance, on my us bank card.
I have done this multiple times before and it didn't charge me.
I checked 3 times, and found out later i was charged $9.
I was a little mad, and told the bank manager, who seemed indifferent, and offered no apology.
I would have felt better with an explanation, but customer service is lacking here.
I've been a chase customer for nearly 20 years and have several accounts, both personal and business.
Today for my business i tried to draw $1000 in ones and the branch was completely unaccommodating.
I expect money to be available to enable my business.
That was not the case today.
Well i closed my account today.
Merry christmas to me.
I came into this bank for some coin rolls.
It was a quick and easy tranaction.
The woman had a broken leg and still got up to get the coin rolls while still cracking jokes.
Overall i would definitely come back to this place.
Visited for 2nd time today to convert usd to foreign cash.
Helpful, friendly and quick.
Also, this place is 4% cheaper than my bank.
Great service - check better pricing - checkmate.
The wait was just as long inside.
The business teller was not nice and was not helpful.
Horrible experience for a loyal customer.
In our new climate of lending, some brokers are short and looking for the fast buck.
Too bad when it's so rewarding to make business happen, and not argue over it.
A terrible bank with consistently poor service.
Do not use nevada state back.
I cancelled all of my accounts due to numerous errors by tellers.
I learned months later that one of the accounts was never actually closed.
I have successfully persuaded several people to also close their accounts and will continue to do so.
We are a west coast family and applied for a refinance on our first.
$70k under recent comps.
Rep was rude and we ended up eating $520 in out of pocket costs with no close.
Can you receive a worse experience than that?
I came here on a monday afternoon expecting  great customer service and service.
I would like to choose 3.5 stars.
It's pretty hit or miss, depending on what you need and who you get.
This makes it hard to know your real balance.
Their it department is working on this.
Seems like a wanna be former marine or something, but i know the marines wouldn't have him.
This guy is a piece of work.
Shopping at various qt's around the valley it is obvious that they all go through the same school of training.
Not the greatest customer service in my opinion, but it's professional and consistent across the different locations.
This guy was different.
Shady characters lurk outside, but that is expected considering the location.
Maybe this had to do with the employee's frustrations that night.
Or it could have been the night shift?
Anyhow, get your people in line, qt.
The branch manager threatened to call the police when i asked a question about their change-making policy.
Here is what happened:  i do not bank with bank of america.
But i used their atm and paid the $3.00 fee.
The atm gave me a $20 bill.
I entered the bank and asked for change for the $20 bill i just paid for.
They said it was not their policy to make change for non-customers.
I said that i was a customer because i just paid them $3.00.
They said again that it was not their policy to make change for non-customers.
I asked why not.
I was asked to leave.
I said it was a simple question and asked again - i honestly just wanted to know.
I was then told that they would call the police if i didn't leave.
The other two employees started to chime in.
It was all very, very strange.
Marissa is a life saver!
I was about a few minutes late but marissa took the time to help me get a blank check anyway!
This is a smaller chase branch just south of windmill on the east side of las vegas blvd.
They seemed to have replaced 2 windows with automated machines.
This can lead to atrociously slow-moving lines whenever there are more than just a handful of people inside.
The tellers always want to make small talk, which some people might like but it feels really insincere.
They also have a limit on how much you can take out after you go inside.
Oh, you want to do a wire transfer to try to get around their limits?
You want a cashier's check instead?
I needed to stop at an atm last night and this location was on my way.
There's not a whole lot i can say about the experience except it was quick.
There was  no one there and i drove right up to the machine and was on my way quickly.
The only thing that threw me was the fact that their atm is opposite almost every other wells fargo.
Instead of being on the outside lane, the atm is the one against the wall as you drive in.
We needed to exchange some dollars for yen and found this place here on yelp.
I called them in the morning to find out more about the process and they were very helpful.
They had what i needed on hand and had it waiting for me when i arrived there an hour later.
Such a smooth process, in and out in about five minutes or so.
This is the place if you're looking to a hassle free money conversion.
Honestly i haven't really written a bad review before but i am just so fucking upset at this company.
I have never had someone be so disrespectful and so unprofessional.
I hope you know you just lost my business.
Don't be rude or a bitch.
Atm will never accept my checks for a deposit.. so i use the drive through teller.
Tip - if you bank at chase, cashiers check are free.
I don't know if you have to have a minimum balance or anything like that.
I have been broke - and gotten them for free so i would guess not.
On the behalf of dave ramsey, i will never come to this chase branch again.
The person helping me said "well if you need more money, you can always pull it from your 401k".
I think the look i gave him said everything.
That was the worst advice i have ever heard a banker give someone.
So paying 25-35% tax is okay for these people??
Can't trust this branch again...
What i was told would take about 30 days took double that.
Qualifying for a home equity loan was a joke.
Their rates were competitive but the communication was terrible.
So had to postpone my construction.
I had to physically transfer the money over, never was this mentioned, i thought they were linked together!
Not a fan of this bank or it's communication.
I gave it one star because i had to.
The mortgage loan officer made me open an account.
When i called the girl was condescending  and rude and told me i had to come in person.
The service is ridiculous!!!!
I'm trying to close my account but can't!!!
Usually qt's are known to be a clean gas station.
This was the grossest qt i have evvvvver been stepped foot in.
The women's bathroom was a nightmare.
I went in to the eastern branch today and was helped right away.
Teresa was well informed and helpful.
Thanks one nevada !!
Is it me or does the customer service suck?
This place seems like the opposite.
I've waited on line for 15 minutes when there were three people in front of me.
I'm sorry, but that is just ridiciulous.
They need some serious serious customer service training.
They have a new manager came from another location.
My mom is in the banking business has been for 10 years greeting her customer being interactive with me.
You can see the positive atmosphere when you walk in my moms branch at wells fargo.
I had to literally go up to a teller mind you there was 0 people in the bank.
The tellers just kept staring at me saying nothing.
I don't know if any of these tellers bankers had a real training.
When a customers making consist eye contact with you.
You attend to the customer.
These employees here are just out right idiots.
Like if what i was there wasn't important.
Bitter spanish lady who needs to get fired.
Honestly your whole crew news to be completely replaced.
You guys at the moment worst customer service i really hope your new manager can change the entire team there.
Every last teller and banker.
I am a current wells fargo customer- and i just wanted to stop in an open an additional savings account.
I had a very pleasant and easy experience.
Speaking as one who works in a bank, this is not a good branch.
They give scotiabank (probably the best chartered bank in canada) a bad name.
Went here to do rrsp and tfsa stuff, but was not helped.
Staff are unfriendly and unknowledgeable.
Update: i left and went to the main branch.
The difference in service is like night and day.
I have been using this bank for many years.
She's very condescending and made me feel as if i was doing my deposit all wrong.
I will never return to this location again because of her horrible customer service.
Worst branch, long wait time, nobody care about you, i only waited for 1.5 hours to get a transfer done.
If i can give zero i will
Is there a negative  star ?
4 tellers and 30 peeps in line!
Wth i'm trying to be patient.
Its 4:25pm i hate this poorly managed branch!
It's always like this.
Update: same three windows open on a monday at 4:30!
Same 20 people in line!
I started my timer: 25 minutes for a deposit.
I hate this branch!
These patrons are hard working customs.
They don't deserve to be held hostage to such poor customer service.
If you have nothing better to do but stand in line by all means come visit.
I'm not going to get 25 minutes back of my life
#nodapl was my reason for switching from my big bank financial institution over to a credit union.
I started my new account application online and finished it at my local branch.
Linda was the representative that wound up setting up my new accounts and she could not have been nicer!
She talked me through everything and all of the services available to me!
The process was speedy and thorough.
I have been with state farm ulyanna's office for approximately ten years.
The office does a great job of handling issues.
I found them to be very professional and reliable.
Apparently they aren't in the business much anymore, if at all... my daughter enjoyed the memorabilia on the walls...
I would recommend fme to anyone with foreign currency needs...
The gals are sweethearts and will treat you very well...and even validated our parking!
We went to another boa location and get taken care of just fine.
Great service and super friendly staff.
Mike and his team are incredibly professional and cover a wide range of services.
I would definitely recommend him to all your insurance needs!
We need these in cali!!!
The best service i have ever had at a cibc.
The staff here makes a conscious effort to go above and beyond when it comes to customer service.
They truly shine in this area; their level of customer service is exceptional.
I've never had a problem here and i've always left with a smile on my face.
Worst bank or credit union i've dealt with to date.
3 weeks later still nothing.
The card company instructed i call my credit union to activate it.
I work and now live out of town so driving four hours to activate my card is ridiculous.
Otherwise i would avoid it like the plague.
If it wasnt for the mastercard global payment card, i would have dropped this account ages ago.
On the bright side while they are busy neglecting things they are very courteous about it.
This bank is horrible i am so glad i am no longer a customer.
If you are in a hurry avoid this location.
Quick and easy currency conversion and better rates than the banks.
We were in and out in under 10 minutes.
I honestly tried to give them my business, twice.
Neither time i got any help, all i got is bad communication or no communication at all.
One time they send me to go home and do complicated online application myself.
The other time i almost went foreclosure because the clerk  "forgot" or "misplaced" the notes about my mortgage payments.
That still sends chills to my spine.
I had to pay their lawyers to stop the process, and they never admitted any wrong doing.
After bad experience i went to a different bank, where everything was done in less the 30 minutes.
Deals were sealed, question answered, no issues afterwords.
This is a funny branch.... they just questioned me if i was taking pictures to case the joint.
I was checking in on yelp b!tchs =) their customer sucks ducks - really?!?!
So take that wells fargo!
I do believe i will enjoy doing business with this branch in henderson
I've been a long time chase customer and have visited many branches.
I must say that this branch is not an accurate representation of chase overall.
The level of customer service here is extremely poor.
You will not be greeted when you walk in not will you be thanked when you leave.
Avoid this branch if you can.
If you do have to stop here, go see joe a.
He's a good guy and actually cares and tries to help.
The culinary workers local no 226 is one of the biggest and best unions in town.
The actual building the union is housed in is very crammed and in dire need of a touch up.
I didn't know it was above some employees pay grades to take a computer and alleviate the long lines.
Get on a vacant computer, log in, and help the long line!!
I just left this bank to do a sharebranch deposit.
I think the teller could learn to listen to instructions from a customer.
When a customer says to deposit into the "checking account" it cannot be any more clear.
I believe this is the basics of customer service.
Now, because of a teller error, i cannot do a transaction that needs to be done today!
Every time i come to this bank there's a long line.
Management needs to schedule their cashiers accordingly.
If you need an insurance office in the northeast cleveland suburbs, i highly recommend her organization.
Never have seen lines this long.
Apparently it is normal to wait 30 minutes to see a teller the people in line told me.
Six windows available only two in use.
I'm going to uber to another bank rn.
In vegas, us bank is a good alternative.
Lots of locations, friendly service, and no waits.
Worst customer service ever..waited 10 mins before somebody talked to me while standing at podium.
"manager" was too busy looking like the manager.
I recently opened my account with one nevada and it has been a great experience so far.
He was very professional and polite throughout the whole process.
I recommend that if you are looking to open and account, you go to him.
Just a heads up if your heading west on deer valley road and need to break a $100.00 bill.
This is not the place.
You have to be a member of this lame credit union to get change.   "
Yes, says i, i'd like 5 $20's for this hundred, thank you, as i slide it through the window.
After the cursory examination, she asks "are you a member"?
Sorry no, i just need to break this down into 20's.
If you're not a member, we can't break that for you".
"because you're not a member".
There was no offer to sign me up, so my mind is screaming, there must be something amiss.
Do they only have enough 20's for members?
I wonder how many that would be?
Do they not have any $20's?
I would have taken any denomination.
Did they loan out all the $20's to their membership?
Would the blond have to borrow some $20's from the brunette teller to break my hundred?
Was it not her day to hold the $20's?
Was it training day and they haven't graduated to counting 20's yet?
What happens if they have to count to 22?
Were they saving the 20's for a run on the (not a real bank)?
So folks, if you need change try a real bank.
Better yet you should bank at a real bank.
People need to know about this place!!
I don't do many reviews but since i had such a great experience here i want to let others know.
My first impression was how genuinely warm and welcoming everyone was.
They treated me like i was a person and not an opportunity that made the difference for me.
I cannot say enough good things about these guys and i highly recommend them.
If you need to pawn or sell your jewelry or collectibles, check them out for yourself!
So we pop in just before 5pm.
This branch is amazing with amazing people.
This is probably the worst bank i have ever used.
I wish i could close my account.
They basically charge you for walking through the door.
Customer service is the worst in the industry.
They will never be able to resolve anything for you.
I have been in this branch a couple other times and they were great.
But this particular time i arrive at 4:50 pm and they had already locked the doors.
Are you freaking kidding me?
There were at least seven other customers outside the door.
It states right on the doors that they close at five.
This is a corporation they should not be closing their doors early.
This is ridiculous i am very disappointed.
I completely understand if they have to count their drawers closed out,etc.
And if they need time doing that they need a post 430 closure not five.....
Very poor service waited in lobby for 30 min while so called bankers looked at computer screen
This is the absolute worst bank location i've ever been to.
There's always one teller, two if you're really lucky, but the line is almost always 4 people long.
I even saw someone on facebook.
If this wasn't the only location close to me, i would never ever come here.
It's despicable how poorly this location is run.
The issue was resolved at a timely manner.
Thank you for having a solid line of communication.
Please reference my revised review.
I don't do any personal banking here but needed help with a transaction involving a wells fargo account.
Nikkeeta sissom was definitely on top of her game.
Efficient, knowledgeable, & very professional.
I would highly recommend her to anyone who has (or wants) a wells fargo account.
If only 0 star was an option.
It's unfortunate because, i thought the banking industry could not do any worse than chase, however, i was wrong.
The customer service reps and supervisors are incompetent, unprofessional, rude and just simply horrible.
I closed the account in good standing owing the bank absolutely nothing!
I've been banking with chase for 15 years now.
Apparently a business account takes an hour to set up.
My last business account set up took 30 minutes.
Guess i need to consider taking my accounts elsewhere.
We have had nothing but trouble with flagstar bank-mortgages.
We chose an impound account in order to not worry about saving and paying our taxes and hazard insurance.
For an entire year, i have to monitor to make sure they make our payments.
The latest snafu is they did not pay our home insurance.
I called them a week before it was due and the rep said she would take care of it.
Two days before i called again and another rep said she would handle it.
We went an entire week without insurance.
Why am i doing their job?
Therefore, you can guess why i would highly not recommend them.
Was very happy on how efficient they are.
Not sure why a previous review complained about the collections attorney they use.
What does that have to do with anything?
It's the end of the day on friday and there is only one teller working.
Do they not know how to schedule their staff?
We are a west coast family and applied for a refinance on our first.
We received a laughable appraisal.
$50-70k under recent comps.
Rep was rude and we ended up eating $520 in out of pocket costs with no close.
Can you receive a worse experience than that?
His people, especially mai, are very nice.
He is an asswipe.
With state farm nearly 30 years i took him as an agent after mine retired.
Received a card in the mail to discuss something.
I had questions regarding my policies as well.
He said i had taken enough of their time and that he watches out for his employees.
I said that his customers should be important and he responded that no, he watches out for his employees.
I feel pity for those poor souls that work for him.
It is probably pure hell.
Changed to a better agent and reported him to stare farm corporate.
Stay away from this hateful man.
His customers do not matter as he very well demonstrated.
Will definitely return if i have to exchange foreign currency back to us dollars!
Exchange rate excellent, saved me a lot of $ in lieu of buying from my bank!
Great  bank, staff always kind and helpful.
Needed a document notarized and i got done with ahalya shenthan, sweet person.
2 people there for no reason , why are they on payroll ,
Right on campus so parking sucks.
I had to use a meter outside and was in and out close to 5pm so i cant complain.
Ok, so it's only been twice.
Both times i went to this branch, the employees that helped me were extremely helpful and kind.
And they had me back out the door with my issues resolved within 10 minutes.
I'm new to this bank.
This location is clean, location is great and the staff is very helpful.
Would give 0 stars if i could.
As others have said, condescending individuals who think they know everything.
We have been u.s. bank customers for a long time.
We were  happy when this location opened because there's not many around us.
Lately (last 6 months or so) the ladies in here do not care.
We had fraud on our account and went in immediately and maria just acted like we were bothering her.
She made us feel like we were at fault for it and just didn't care at all.
I had to go back in and ask for paperwork again and she was the same way.
Didn't care and i was bothering her is the impression i got.
This branch is no good!
I'm starting to wonder if u.s. bank is any good by the way they're handling the fraud on my account.
After waiting 10 minutes and slow service experience.
Horrible service and system to depend on.
Sorry taking my business to another brand.
This bank is so huge!!!
It has like 7-8 bank machines.
Even if the line is 10 deep, you'll usually get a machine within two minutes.
So yeah, this bank is cool.
The drive through atms always are packed with cars during the day.
At night this area is dangerous and there are sketchy people hanging around the atms.
I've seen cops around there a lot because they apparently try to rob people.
If you want to feel safe definitely drive to a nicer area!
Why does anyone bank with this place?
I only come because this is a work account that i have to make a deposit for.
Then he doesn't bother to stay open and help anyone else.
They have a variety of beverages to offer customers and sometimes have treats available.
I would recommend mike millers office out of any other agent in arizona or surrounding areas!
I highly recommend switching your insurance needs over to this office you wont be disappointed.
Mark and jodi are amazing!!
Always a quick turnaround, very responsive, professional and provide the most exceptional cost-saving service.
I use them for all my insurance needs here in vegas and ca.
I can honestly say i will never use another team.
Not only do i value our professional relationship but they have become life-long friends as well.
Thank you state farm team for all you do and have done for me and my family.
What's there to hate?
Worst customer service ever!
I have been coming to this location for about 1 and half years now.
It is always easy to deal with.
2 entrances, one on rural and the other on baseline.
For a while they were not putting out deposit or withdrawal slips for some reason.
The girl said that the manager wanted everyone to use the debt card.
I am guessing that others felt the same way and so they brought them back.
Which is what i like.
They always greet you when you come in.
The staff is very pleasant, and they even have a drive thru.
I like the location,it has proven to be easy to get to as well.
Plus , they have an atm outside.
I hate having to go make a deposit at this location.
Especially on a friday or a saturday.
I have waited 45 minutes in line on a saturday mini mini times.
They are extremely understaffed and can't keep up with demand.
The staff seems stressed and rushed.
The parking is a pain in the butt.
Pros: this wf bank is pretty good.
It's basically as good as it gets.
They provide most of the bank services here and have 1 atm in the drive-thru!
The employees are kind and respectful.
Con: there is usually a line in the afternoons, especially on weekends.
The area in which it is located is slowly becoming a shady place during the nighttime.
This branch of wells fargo is my favorite.
For the most part because of a banker there named morris richie.
I have multilpe accounts and multiple questions.
Morris is so friendly and helpful it is unbelieveable.
No matter what banking problem i have, morris solves it.
I feel like he is my friend rather than my banker.
I go out of my way to use this bank.
Probably the worst bank/ credit union i have ever been with.
They have inconvenienced me and my husband many times in the past.
I do not recommend them to anyone.
We are looking for a new bank asap.
They will never refund you, but not care about their own error.
And we have both been customers for over 10 years.
I have been keeping in touch with them the whole time as they have asked.
I don't undetstand what other arangements im suppose to have, if im maintaining verbal contact and any changes.
Went to this store today and someone stole my daughter's iphone.
Unbelievable how unhelpful they were considering the crime occurred in their store.
Apparently, they only value their store and not their customers.
Needless to say i will never spend another dime in this store.
Beware and i hope no one else ever becomes a crime victim in their store!!!
Go to amazon instead.
What a great bank!
Excellent service and services, excellent banking plans, lovely people.
This bank treats you like a customer, not just a 'consumer.'
Kiimberly saxburg could not have been nicer, more efficient, more careful and more knowlegeable.
I'm all for regional banks and midfirst is one of the best ever.
They give you coffee and, like, candy while you do business.
And - wait for it - you'll get a hand-written note from them after you open an account.
There's everything to like about midfirst.
Run, do not walk, to move your banking business there.
We are grateful flagstar saw us differently.
Do not bank here.
I just closed all my accounts here after being a customer here for several years.
I walked in a supervisor walked by me and asked can i help you.
I said i need to close my accounts, she said go to a teller they have all the money.
Did not even ask me why i wanted to close my accounts.
From that moment i knew i was making the right decision.
I just thought that was out of line and it was time for me to get a new bank.
Plus the drive thru takes forever!
It's nice that you don't have to pay a fee but customer service could definitely be improved.
I need a way to rate the whole organization!
No check systems, no bad credit and no explaination in the branch or with customer care.
I think i'm fed up with these guys and will close my accts from business to personal.
The tellers at this branch seem to hate life.
Horrible location, long waits, never enough tellers!
I will never recommend anyone to bank with this company!
Horrible service to always have to make customers wait so long
This the best bank i have ever dealt with.
The staff are so nice.
I can't resist to come back to them.
This location was opened in early july, 2008, a new location in highway 101.
I don't know about the rest of amtrust bank branches, but this one is the best one ever.
Anita is the senior personal banker at the location.
I have dealt with her few years before she moved from the old location to the new location.
Told her i say so.
I exchanged dollars to euros.
The exchange rate was 1.155 dollars for 1 euro, yahoo was 1.135.
They were only 2% higher.
Bank of america wanted 4% higher.
Important - they moved to the new tower on the opposite side of the building.
I was a little confused when i went to their old office.
There was no signs at the old office or directions to the new office.
I come to this branch 2-3 times a week.
This branch is severely understaffed and always has a long line.
The manager offers no apologies or assistance.
If i didn't have to bank here for work i would not bank at this branch.
There are often customers in line angry with this situation and make the experience even worse!
Had to get a cashiers check.
There were three people behind hte tellers counter but only one window open.
The line of three people essentially was begging for them to open the other two.
The tellers were just chitchatting and that's what upset me.
Waited 1/2 hour to make a teller transaction at mid afternoon on tuesday.
Only 2 windows open but plenty of people sitting behind desks and viewing their pc screens.
My husband and i rolled our checking accounts over from chase bank to b of a.
We have been in a couple times since we initially opened the account over a year ago.
Underwhelmed at their customer service each time but today was the final straw.
Of course going through the docs takes a little bit of time.
To my surprise, the banker said to me 'we don't have public bathrooms.'
I am a client, have been for over a year.
It's not like i am some bum off the street waltzing in to use their toilet!
So b of a doesn't trust me enough to use their bathroom but i should trust them with my money?
Talk about 'crappy' customer service!
Just kidding, but seriously, i was only going to go #1!
Friendly people but always a line.
Not a log line but always a long wait.
If it wasnt for having to deposit only i would not use this location for sure.
I hope 2018 they can rectify this situation.
This is a very nice wells fargo.
It is nice and big when you walk in and there are plenty of friendly tellers helping customers without hesitation.
This location is near several popular places and also in the same parking lot as a bank of america.
The que usually moves quickly and the attendants are capable and motivated!
They've dug me out of a tough time or two with their positivity and great customer service!
Sincerely going above and beyond at this finely mannered branch.
One of the clerks messed up on a transaction and now i have to dispute to get my money back.
I have to wait up to 90 days?
They act like they can't do anything.
Do not bank with them!
This bank has added the automated atm machines which are not that automated.
They have 4-5 bankers sitting doing nothing.
Drive through teller is no more.
If you use these machines for deposits it kicks your bills and checks out half the time.
Then your spending 10 mins fighting the atm machine.
This place is ridiculous.
Everything is so overpriced that without coupons it ended up being a complete waste of time.
I will not be going back.
So this is my first time ever going into this branch location.
As soon as i walked in the first teller looked at me without even a smile.
She just gave me a blank stare and asked "how may i help you?"
Which isn't a problem being that there are people who'll come to your house to do so.
Not even a "have a good day!"
That's my overall feel and experience, mainly from the long wait time.
The lady greeting us was nice and friendly.
She explained the person we need to see is busy and escorted us to the waiting area.
We've waited for nearly 40 minutes for someone to help us.
But waiting for so long just to sign paperwork seems absurd and ridiculous!
I have been a member for well over 20yrs.
I am closing all my accts with these crooks immediately .
All-in-all, i hope none of you have to work with these people while you're in greif.
Worst insurance experience ever.
Great service getting you signed up; after that they don't care at all.
This is not based on a single experience.
Use a different agent if you want more than someone just taking you money.
Mike, feel free to return my call.
I have been a member for 14 years.
It will take me 4 to 5 months to get my money back, plus they charged me a $15 fee.
And thanks for the courtesy call!!!!
I talked to the manager and she just said sorry.
I will never bank there again.
So i'm still not going to give up no matter how many road blocks they put in my way.
Lazy receptionist.. straight up gave excuse for not having cash..
I recently opened a checking, savings and cd with the am trust bank on rae road in chandler.
The staff at this branch were extraordinary!
Assistant branch manager, maryann myers, personally handled the set up of my new accounts.
She was knowledgeable, patient and has been following up via telephone.
I even had the opportunity to meet and talk with branch manager, calvin coleman who was also very helpful.
The teller staff even remember my name when i visit the branch!
Absolutely the best service i have ever received in opening a new banking relationship!
On-site guard and cameras makes you feel safe even though it's a really safe neighborhood.
I've frequented this financial center location several times and good experiences every single time.
I have been with statefarm for ten years and never had a problem.
The office in california i used to be with was on top of anything and everything.
This location clearly does't care.
No phone call, no email.
Three weeks after they cancel my policy they send me an email and call same day to notify me.
The associates from this location are sometimes helpful and other times not so helpful.
I would expect a little more from employees of such big bank.
They always keep a smile on but it seems some of the associates can talk down to costumers.
Overall an okay experience everytime i have to go into this branch.
Chase bank overall is a decent place to bank.
This branch however is the most frustrating place ever!
The manager there, luanne is the meanest, most rude woman to ever run a bank.
On several occasions i have had to wait while she pondered my transaction.
After yet another frustrating visit to this branch i have had enough!
This woman goes out of her way to say no rather than finding a way to say yes.
Make a phone call, try to help!
I just don't understand the lack of kindness and not trying a little harder for your customers.
Went in to this branch to convert a regular checking account in to a trust.
I waited no longer than 15 minutes and was approached by nataly to inquire why we were in the bank.
Customer service is key at this branch.
Even as we first sat down to wait, a manager approached us with bottled water.
We have been with this bank/branch for many years and for good reason.
You are better off walking to the scotiabank on pape and danforth.
Customer service is non-existent, and the hours are beyond inconvenient.. 10am-4pm monday to thursday and closed on the weekends?
The worst part of every month is having to come here to deposit rent in this miserable place.
Always a long line.
Always not enough tellers.
It takes at least an hour to deposit my rent every month.
If i could somewhere else i most definitely would.
I would never bank here.
Chase is way better.
The xxx large man behind the glass is probably the rudest unprofessional individual you may ever meet.
He has no business in customer service.
I will not go into detail about my issue but do yourself a huge favor us bank and hire professionals.
My experience with us bank has been stellar except for today with this guy.
I have zero confidence this guy can had my money confidently.
The office staff were sweet, personable, and very efficient.
We needed euros and received the currency immediately and with no fees on top of current exchange rate.
What a super service to have and without ordering and having to wait for shipment!
Thank you so much!
We will share this service and location with others and we highly recommend this place.
The interior is quite nicely decorated and historical.
Easy review, very simple.
Tough to say a whole lot about a simple deposit at a non-peak time.
They always seem to be efficient when i come in.
Crazy how much money people have.
He needs to fight pacquiao soon so he can buy another couple cars and flaunt his riches to us commoners.
4 stars, solid bank in my opinion
Aside from the death trap atm lane....the location is ok.......the drive through is facing oncoming traffic kind of scary..............
***yelp challenge 2016 14/100***  setting an appointment up here doesn't mean anything.
I always find my self waiting to speak to someone.
The consultants take their job seriously.
They authentic everything so do not expect to walk away with a deal that day.
They really do their research which is cool.
Everything is very confidential so your privacy means a lot to them.
High security too a lot of cameras and you have to be buzzed in and out of the entrance door.
Great service and they charge so much less than all the other exchanges.
Mine worked out to be about 3% for euros and british pounds.
Much less than the rates in the mall and nice ladies working there.
The best place to exchange your currency in las vegas!
Avoid travelex, banks, and hotels.
This place gives you the best rates hands down.
I say "thanks" as i look over at the only atm available with 3 people in line.
I guess bank tellers don't want to work if they can get a machine to do it.
So bank of america website is totally broken.
That is not the worst problem.
If you thinking openning an account -- run while you can and save your soul.
I will give you few examples and it has been like this for  years.
So basically these people are stupid all the way to the ceo moynihan (and including).
He delegates his work the ppl in the executive office, and those ppl are just as stupid as customer service.
She is so proud to work at the executive office telling she will solve the problem.
So i asked her where did she get her computer degree from -- too stupid.
But the stupid woman refuses me access to an it person how their sw is f-----d up.
They do trully have infinite amount of stupid people.
Brian, if reading this, get a job in food industry.
That would fit your level of competence.
About a month ago my card was cloned and they got away with $300.
So this is 2 times my own money was stolen from me.
Once from the criminals, and now from the bank .
Now i have bills coming out.
And they want to still investigate and not give me a credit back.
I will be closing my account.
Send my damn check to me.
I am so fed up with this bank.
But that is their bases on denying my claim.
Should get negative stars.
Understanding the rating for this credit union, as my wife had been waiting for a call back for two days.
She had been leaving messages with no response.
Fifth third bank branches are staffed with personnel that are friendly enough but the overall service offered is really terrible.
I actually opened up my account in the newly opened noda location.
It took more than a month for the dispute to be resolved.
In that time, the staff offered little information or consolation and in fact complicated my account quite a bit.
They were not at all sympathetic and did not seem to have knowledge of even rudimentary bank transactions.
However, there are still very serious intracommunication difficulties that 53 banks seem to experience with their corporate offices.
For example, corporate sent eleven notifications informing me of  my address change.
I know it was changed.
I have never dealt with such poor service.
I will never do business with them again.
The bank is not open for even a couple of hours on saturday.
The building is already a teardown and a waste of space.
The positive i can say is that the tellers are always friendly and do their job well.
Once i get to the window they try their best to get me out quick.
Maybe that's okay but i wasn't impressed.
To many personal conversations in front of customers and even about a disgruntled customer that came in.
I had read the loan terms and disclosures on their website prior to submitting the application.
When i spoke with brad, he thoroughly walked me through their fees, rates, and terms.
Everything he mentioned aligned with what was published on the website.
I felt comfortable proceeding and we closed the loan within 10 days.
If you're looking for alternative financing for your quick project, i would highly recommend working with brad and amber!
The challenge with this location is they always have a long line.
Not because they are busy they seem to be understaffed at the teller.
This even includes business banking.
My advice if your looking for speedy service use the atm or go to another branch.
I will say this location is very clean and neatly decorated.
The layout of this location being a smaller branch is nice.
There is plenty of parking.
Two drive up atm's and one walk up atm located at the entrance.
Friendly security guard at the door.
Meh... bank of america give me shingles.
Make sure you have an hour when you go to their branch.
I don't like to complain but truly have more agent behind the teller desk to assist your clients.
We don't need 2 hosts to say "hello, "what's your business today"!!
I came in to sign up for a new bank account.
I have always heard great things about chase and they were confirmed with my visit.
Nothing makes me more angry than when a senior citizen/army vet is disrespected.
Unfortunately my mother is the individual that was disrespected a couple of days ago at this location.
If it were me i would have demanded a supervisor immediately.
When dealing with finances, there should always be a level a respect- especially towards the elderly and those that serve.
Yes, i'll be leaving these reviews on google as well.
Business should take a hit when any customer is not treated with kindness and respect.
Luckily us bank took incredible care of her and she'll be dealing with her large sums there.
I called in to see how long it would take to get mexican pesos.
The lady said it's always good to call in 2 weeks advanced.
When i finally put my order in, my currency came in sooner than expected.
The location can be a bit of a challenge to get to as they're doing construction.
The parking garage is directly across the street from the somerset shopping sign.
Then walk out where you drove in and you will see the tower building in front of you.
It's a shorter walk than going through the garage and going up the elevators.
Don't forget your parking garage ticket so they can validate.
The lady was friendly and gave a receipt breaking down my transaction.
She even exchanged my random australian money i had.
Very easy and would go again.
Great place both to buy and sell.
Hope they consider opening up on weekends.
This place is great.
Mario helped me out and he was very nice and friendly.
Everyone there was really nice, the place is welcoming and i got good money for my jewelry.
I really recommend this place.
Forgive the platitude..  bank of lynching american countrywide.
Do not give them your business, they do not need it.
Desert financial is the worst credit union in arizona.
I have been a customer of theirs for over 10 years with numerous accounts.
However, when i needed them most they didn't care about my struggle.
I can't wait to pay off my mortgage next month and be done with this corrupt institution.
I've been telling every person who will listen not to bank there!
Stephanie has to be the worst manager ever !
No answers on top of that they want to charge my account more just for helping me !
I was greeted and taken care of right away great customer service.
The best chase i've been to hands down.
The line moved quick.
They also have 2 drive through atms.
Today was my last visit to this location.
Usually hate going to the bank, but this visit was enjoyable!
It was my first time at this specific location, and rey was very nice and helpful.
She also explained things to me very thoroughly in terms so i can understand.
Most banks are bad, but this one seems particularly bad.
They have our money, they use it.
They charge us fees and to top it off, when you go inside, it's like waiting at a dmv.
It's a waste of construction and money.
Each window needs a camera, a computer, etc.
Just have two since that's all that ever seems to be open.
Being a friday (pay day), you'd think they'd staff up.
I went in and the line was about 10+ people deep.
That's 3 people that can't help.
Next i count three active tellers.
One teller closes down and starts "stamping" things.
The next window closes down, that teller goes in the back.
We are down to one teller on a friday.
There are several different people walking back and fourth from the teller area and the back room.
So there are at least 8 (possibly more) employees all in this one bank and only one teller is open?!?
8 people, 7 teller windows, everyone needs to get to work.
When the line is cleared out, then they can go back to what they are doing (or not doing).
Again most banks suffer from this, but this bofa does it to the extreme.
It's insulting to their customers.
To have that many employees hanging out.
And at best 2 tellers?
You can pull up immediately and thereby having less wait.
The other locations in my area usually only have one and it can get pretty bottle necked.
Now the one downfall is all of the construction that has been going on for months.
Not the banks fault though so i won't consider that in my review but it is super annoying.
I don't understand why every time i come in here there's only 1 teller open?
How about have that gentlemen asking people in line what kind of transaction we're doing just open a window?
Idk it's just a suggestion if you're supposed to be all about customer service?
Update: it's a friday and the line is long once again and there is only 2 tellers?
I just don't understand why boa doesn't get it?
They need more people that are able to help the windows.
Everyone sitting in their offices should be able to multi task and help shorten lines?
I guess customer service isn't a prior to this company!
She was so rude, i had to just choose to leave there because she was unpleasant and unhelpful.
I will be happy just call the number teller issac wrote down for me before she came!
I really think she shouldn't be in the customer service position.
But the teller was good, like other helpful tellers in other branches.
This is the first time and last visit of this branch for sure.
There are another boa just 5 min away on sahara and they are always great!
If you're primarily an online banker, find anther one as this one is lacking in development.
I go to the foreign money exchange for every trip i've taken over seas.
They have the currency readily available, the service is quick, and the employees are always very kind!
They validate my parking and i'm generally in and out in less than 20 minutes.
Why go anywhere else?
I went to bank of america merchant services because they were a partner with bank of america small busines services.
When i called to cancel, guess what?
A $500 cancellation fee.
Part of this is my fault.
As a small business person i don't have the time to do that.
When i closed my account i left money to cover my withdrawals.
When i miscalculated by 17 cents they would not waive the $35 overdraft fee.
Also got tired then charging an atm fee on top of what the atm charges.
I see no purpose for books to be allowed to be out "on hold".
I am at b&n and they have seven copies of a $20 book i need.
But all 7 are "on hold" for others.
Meanwhile i am here with money and cannot buy it.
Back to amazon.com for me.
I'll but it for $3 and get it in 3 days.
Yes, the line inside is long.
Actually, i don't think we've ever been when there wasn't a line.
C.  pretty friendly staff.
At least you don't feel like a burden even if there is a swarm waiting behind you.
So overall, yes, the line is long.
Yes we could drive a little further for a different bofa.
But in all honesty, we've just gotten used to this one.
So yeah, we'll always be here as long as we're in vegas.
I am currently in tucson and bank there but will be moving to the valley this month.
Please understand that this review is not directed towards them in any way.
I kept my chase account open just in case.
Boy, am i glad i did.
No, not out of country, as i do understand that would be a security factor, but out of state.
While other banks allow you to shut off this "security feature", with oneaz it is a requirement.
This is highly invasive, as well as terribly inconvenient.
What do i discover?
Not only was the one transaction frozen, but so were incoming and outgoing transactions from that week.
The woman was very nice and worked promptly to get things fixed for me.
It was not her fault at all, just want to add that.
This is not just inconvenient, this is utterly disgraceful.
Another awesome "feature" i've had the pleasure of trying out, is their smartphone check deposit feature.
I took clear photos of my checks and it never works.
I have used the same exact app feature for chase and never had any problems with it, not even once.
You seriously need to get your act together, and it's no wonder people prefer to do business with big banks.
Great service at this location - very friendly - you get in and out very quickly :)
Bank of america at it again with less than exceptional customer service.
It was almost as if i was a distraction to luke when i asked him for a notary.
I've been a customer with b of a for about 10 years and i expected better service.
It's a bank, a bank , a bank.
There are two atms in the drive through, one atm outside and then you can go in to the bank.
The drive through is the most popular and that is what i use when i can.
I always feel really bad when i have checks to deposit and make people wait.
The only time that is inconvenient is when they close the atms to do maintenance or change the money.
Going inside the bank, the line generally goes fast.
Of course the days to avoid that would be payday fridays.
Service is as expected and friendly.
This branch is horrible with staffing.
Literally one teller and over 10 people in line.
They move at snails pace.
Manangement needs to be more efficient and make sure you have staff during the busiest times!
It's not acceptable to be waiting in line for over 30 minutes for a simple transaction.
Collin wolfson the account manager is really knowledgeable and helpful.
He has assisted me in many ways and all in all it was a win, win for both of us.
Highly recommend this agency and collin
Lucia has excellent customer service, smiling  and asking how she can help me.
Great customer service here.
And as i stated earlier lucia was great!
The young lady next to her, chae, was awesome as well.
While lucia was helping me, chae was asking me how my day was, and small chit chat.
If i'm in this neighborhood again, this will be my go to chase.
Thank you ladies for a great hassle free experience!
This bank needs more tellers.
They waste so much time with clients with lack of tellers and bankers they have.
It's a bank, what can i say?
Location is alright and my experience with staff on duty has been fine too.
I reopened my checking account with bank of america in fall 2013.
I asked them to default my account to decline the card if it would cause a negative balance.
In january after the holidays, many transactions processed immediately after sitting dormant in the account history online for two weeks.
Recently, three more transactions have accrued overdraft fees, and the checking account still isn't declining transactions.
This is true, and it is anti-competitive.
All of the banks have agreed on a system for charging fees and they are astronomical.
Businesses should not be allowed to agree on how to abuse customers.
She explained bank of america does not control the order in which merchants submit their payments.
Why should we be penalized for someone else's actions?
No one made that clear when we asked them to decline the card.
If you need any 1on 1 help khaseem j. everett  is the representative to ask for!
Very professional, very attentive, definitely will wait on line to see this guy for any of my banking needs!
Too many associates in the lobby each visit.
They need more tellers working not so many greeters.
This is the worst chase i have visited.
Customer service lacks here ..
I get it people have bad days .
But literally every single time i come in here .
35 dollars an we need to apply online until we get hired by the casinos, service very unfriendly,
Horrible experience with them.
We took our business and outstanding credit elsewhere where our business was appreciated.
As a bonus, we even got a better interest rate as well.
Never doing business with them again
I recently took my 14 month-old daughter to this store to spend some time in their kids section.
), the women's bathroom is disgusting.
I was about to lose my lunch.
The rest of the bathroom was almost equally as dirty.
I am completely turned off to this b&n location.
Customer service and wait times are unacceptable considering it was wednesday at 1:30pm.
Waited for over 30 minutes to see a banker when there was no one else in the bank.
I'm not a big fan of this particular location.
Just as a background, i've been a chase customer and have 2 active accounts with them.
Also, while at the teller...
I asked about a sign i saw on the window at the front.
It was some feature where you can scan your check and deposit it via phone.
I asked the teller if this was something that was available for the blackberry.
Instead of knowing the answer, the teller had to search for the answer.
My last complaint:  after the first set of doors is a room where there is 1 atm.
Under the atm... an overflowing plastic trash can that looks as if it has been neglected to days.
Not a good first impression, especially to those who are non chase customers that are considering opening a new account.
Great online and mobile app for my everyday banking needs.
This is the worlds slowest bank of america.
Hoping this location gets their stuff together as i'm moving to this side of town.
Don't bank here they loose money .
I payed a bill early on line and chase lost the money .
Now they won't credit my account the money they lost.
I really think this bank deserves 0 stars but can't so 1 will do , very rude "assistant manager ".
Told me that they would accept the complaint , idiots
The only reason i come to this location is because it's the closest one to me unfortunately.
There is a teller named beth who always seems to be the one getting stuck helping me.
She never says hello and just looks like she's just trying to get through the day.
She grabs my slips and does my transaction while talking to her fellow co-workers without acknowledging me at all.
Even throws my id back to me through the slot.
The only dialog i have with her is her asking me if i want the balance on my receipt.
I saw that they have walk up deposit stations.
Which may sound convenient, but i always preferred the personal touch of a teller.
But i might just consider using them at this location because at least the machine says welcome and thank you.
My girlfriend and i went in rather late before they closed to close an old account of hers.
Ended up lasting almost 45 mins after they closed.
Mind you this was to close an account too so they were technically losing a customer.
I'm not easily impressed with the service of banks but this really stood out.
I wasn't surprised to see some awards for this branch and this manager around the place.
Nice people and great rate.
If you park in the garage they validate your ticket so you're not charged for parking.
I have been coming to this branch for years.
I am always helped right away.
It's a standard qt except for the excessive amount of homeless people that loiter out front.
Police have been there many times to regulate the amount of homeless panhandling out front.
Probably a great place to find a new drug dealer, if that's your thing.
Don't go to celeste caday(teller), she hates her job; horrible service.
First floor of plaza building.
Google said 39 they charged 41, much better than the banks.
Waiting for 30 minutes without much as an acknowledgment.
Worst banking customer service ever.
I'm so happy i found this place!
They're friendly and no hassle at all!
They also validated my parking which was super nice!
You got most here than you would at a bank or the airport!
I'd call ahead to make sure they have the currency you need in case you need a lot of them.
From now on, i'll only go to this place for any currency exchange.
I think this branch is closed now, but i made a deposit one day.
I just made a deposit, so this was odd.
This same thing happened at another branch in henderson another day.
I quess they were giving away free cash that day.
Most convenient for me so i'm here often.
Always a smooth transaction.
They have a drive through atm and one at the door.
Ps: apparently they don't like 3 wolf moon t-shirts.
Best bank i have ever been into.
Everyone who works there is always so nice.
This is my favorite bank of all time.
I keep reminding myself to switch my other accounts to this bank as well.
I feel like the other banks keep nickel & diming me.
I love this place.
I was on vacation in las vegas.
But i hit the jackpot with choosing this foreign money exchange ....
The lady behind the counter patiently answered my questions.
I am glad that i went there.
It just made a very happy start for my big trip.
There were no hidden fees.
And the exchange rates were very fair.
I highly recommend this place.
I exchanged a total of  $1,500 u.s. into the foreign money.
So, don't be alarmed if you are asked to give your social security number.
Called before i went and the lady (i think it was elizabeth) on the phone gladly answered all my questions.
They only take cash for currency exchange.
They had my currency available and the exchange rate was waaaaay better than the bank!
As the other reviews mentioned, parking is underground.
The place was easy to find, its right at the entrance/lobby of the building.
But if you're coming in from the garage, your entry is on the side of the building.
Keep going in until you see the lobby and its right there on your right.
This will be my go to place for forex transactions.
If you are a co op member they will not help inside, you must use the outdoor atm!
In fact the young man was close to being rude!
First in name only...this place is the worst credit union in arizona!!!
I recently moved to arizona and belong to a credit union back home.
Well, i had an important transaction to handle, and was in need of a medallion guarantee stamp.
Upon my arrival, i was told to sign in and that someone would assist me shortly.
I waited approximately 15 minutes without any further acknowledgement while two employees held what sounded to be a personal conversation.
She asked me if i spoke to the call center and i said yes.
This person didn't even bother to ask if i would be willing to open up an account.
However, after the despicable customer service that she exhibited, i would never consider doing business with first credit union.
I am happy report that i went to chase bank about a mile away, and was pleasantly surprised.
I received the most outstanding customer service from the assistant branch manager.
I explained my situation to her, and she went above and beyond what i expected.
It's abundantly clear that chase places a premium on customer service and fcu does not.
I am happy to report that i opened an account on the spot.
To start, i'm perplexed how anyone could possibly give fme a 5 star rating.
I call this morning to see what the exchange rate is for $$$ to peso's.
I'm told that she can't give me a exchange rate.
This is like saying i want to buy a tesla.
I'll order it today and when it comes in 2 weeks i pay what you want for it.
Like being in the twig height zone.
I like this new store.
They need to get the 44oz and 52 oz in styrofoam, and lower the pricing to the same as plastic.
Circle k has 44 oz styro everyday.
I get my cups there, refill them at qt.
Or bring my 52 oz qt cups back for refills.
Fast service as expected, same as in other qts.
Sometimes there's only 1 cashier when there's a line.
They are sometimes a little slow getting additional cashiers up there.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
The hours are great as i sometimes work odd hours.
Some off the tellers have heavy foreign accents so be sure to listen closely to what they are saying.
I opened an account and will keep going back.
The following month, i went to pay it off, with a debit card, not a credit card.
Oh, and they have the oldest and worst website i've ever seen.
This place is a joke.
Pretty much same stuff as previous reviews in regards to bad customer service.
Branch manager adam b is completely not helpful and should take a class in time management.
Could not send a wire for my mortgage the same day.
Has to make an appointment for next day at 2:00 pm.
His inability to manage his branch should not be the customer's issue.
Would advise avoiding branch like herpes.
I took my wedding ring in which i was looking to sell to biltmore.
I was treated with such respect and professionalism.
I just can not give chase anything more than 3 stars.
This banking institution, in general, is horrible.
(in my opinion) i've banked with them for years, and the fees are ridiculous.
I have slowly been trying to change everything over to another bank.
Somewhere that doesn't charge me fees to access my money.
Usual bank business, not as busy since it's in "southern islands" ha haa
I am not surprised at all that this, or any bank of america, has 2 stars or less.
Seems like they do everything to prevent you from wanting to go inside.
They never have more than 2 tellers on hand.
We just visited this pawn shop and got 17 dvds for only $1 each!
The staff was all nice an friendly...
Parking was a bit tight, but a good place!
The tellers are very nice.
Service is usually slow but very friendly.
Lines can be long.
I had to stand in line to get checked in and then wait again for service.
Also seems like they need more help.
Maybe they don't need more staff but just to expedite the processes their using.
Friendly is good until it's so friendly it makes me late back to work.
Tellers are not friendly at all.
Especially during the busiest time of day.
I abhore coming here.
If i could rate no stars i would..
The absolute worst policy is i can't deposit cash into a family members account.. has to be check?
What he hell is that about?
This is why i never ever want to deal with this bank.. my car loan experience was horrible also.
I'm glad i don't have any accounts with them.
This is why i'm with wells fargo...
Literally both atm non functional.
It's 2017 guys get it together.
It wasn't like they were out of cash.
Literally just technically out of service and complete unresponsive.
Every time i go to this bank it's a waste of time.
Do not do business with bank of america merchant services.
When you sign up with them, they will tell you that your fees will be less than 2%.
However, they have a lot of hidden fees.
Even when you ask them directly about the fees, they don't give you a clear answer.
They tell you that many of the fees will vary.
Then they tell you that the fees are not hidden because it's written in the fine print of your contract.
As an example, the last transaction i ran with them before cancelling was for $650.
They charged me $65 in fees for the one transaction.
There are a ton of other merchant services available.
Avoid bank of america merchant services at all costs!
I am not the only one that feels the same way.
Just do a search for their online reviews.
Nearly every review is negative - see for yourself.
I read the reviews & went over to open an account yesterday.
I am so angry with bank of america that i have been with for the past five years.
Then they bounced a check i wrote off the funds they said they transferred & charged me another $35!
That is not the way to treat someone who has an 850 credit score.
But in fairness, that is probably because mercury is in retrograde & everyone is having problems!
I was out in 3 minutes with everything i needed.
This branch is always there for for me and i always leave with a smile.
Great job wheels fargo!
I wanted to open an account and waited for at least 25 minutes without one person acknowledging my presence.
I finally just left.
This branch needs to get it together!
Always busy, not enough tellers, merchant service line gets to cut people off!
This is a joke!!!!
Get rid of ur little greeter and put them behind the window!!!!
This is a nice b&n location.
It's quiet and well maintained.
The staff is friendly and helpful but not overbearing, which means a lot to me.
My younger kids enjoy the children's section and i can't complain about any place that encourages more reading!
This office is great to work with.
The prices are good, and the service to get any information you may need along the way is great.
It was such a pleasure working with the chandler location staff.
Jessy was informative, genuine and truly authentic.
I was greeted by a friendly, warm and kind woman at the front desk.
I am truly impressed and satisfied by the professionalism, kindness and knowledge jessy demonstrated.
I would highly recommend them to anyone and would be more than happy to be a returning customer.
Boa was such a gentle, warm and calm dog.
It was a pleasure meeting him and he made my overall experience just that much better.
Thank you chandler staff!
You are truly amazing.
Nothing spectacular happened but the transaction at hand.
Please be warned if you are looking to refinance.
I feel cheated in some way.
I realize they had to pay an appraiser and i'm willing to help with that cost.
But there should have been a warning that it might not appraise for as much as necessary.
Interest rates also went up after supposedly quoted and locked in.
Disappointed big time in chase - and this isn't the first time.
I was in henderson for a play and i saw the wells fargo branch near where i was parked.
Typical atm for wells and once to the machine, my transaction was complete and i was on my way.
Not much to review because i had no interaction with staff.
I refused to be disrespected when i am the customer who has the money!!!
I can't understand how these uneducated people can keep their manager level jobs..
I've been banking with nevada federal credit union since 1996 maybe longer.
The longer i bank with him the more ways they find the charge you fees.
Things that was once free to members there's now a $5 fee for.
They have some really nice employee but the policy makers will fee you to death.
I came here to withdraw money from my b of a account from the atm.
They only have 1 and it was out of order so i had 2 other options.
I passed on the drive thru atms due to both lines being super long.
My transaction took literally 30 sections.
I would've just went to any atm but they have the nerve to charge fees for "foreign" atm's.
This is why i will be fully converting over to credit union banking.
What a long drawn out horrible wait.
Customer service really sucks.
In & out within seconds...simple.
Why make us wait half plus hour because your machines are down?
They are very attentive and they are always ready to help you solve any problems you may encounter.
A service up to my expectations!
Went in for a direct deposit slip, there was 5 people working.
2 inside also for business.
Girl told me,make an appointment or just do it online.....wow.!
0 customer service here.
Called this place and rate was same as casino and women on the other end was arrogant and shouting .
Don't bother exchange somewhere else !
As a longtime tdct client, i can't complain about the prompt service, but this branch lacks a human touch.
Tellers are monotone and nearly robotic (with the exception of the courteous manager).
Mailing you a note after a visit)
This is the best location i've been to in a long time.
Tellers and bankers were all very helpful
Waited 20 minutes in line because they only have 2 tellers working on a friday.
People walking around just asking what we need help with not actually helping.
Ran it at 6:45 on a friday night to deposit a check and they were fast, friendly and efficient.
Didn't have to wait in long lines!
Though you were pleasant.
I will never consider doing business with you or any bank of america location.
Your complete disregard for my opinion regarding your policy shows your disconnect with the working class clientele.
Thank you again for showing me that bank of america only cares about money.
Jordan thomson is the best banker i have ever encountered!!!
He went over and beyond the call of duty to assist me...
I'm forever grateful and will remain a bank of america customer because of him
Sorriest excuse for a bank i've ever seen.
I waited 45 minutes for the "banker" to do a wire transfer.
An hr later, they charge me $30 for the transfer, saying "if i come back they can waive the charge."
Don't waste your time here.
Edgar has helped me several times at this location.
He has always been pleasant, knowledgeable, efficient and patient.
... why would you don't give me this information in the first place horrible service
Good luck getting a loan closed quickly at this place.
Processing is slow and painful.
What a piece of cake...  can't imagine a better, easier way to exchange currency.
The transaction took perhaps three minutes max and i was out of there.
I couldn't recommend more highly, and i will certainly return if i need foreign currency in the future.
My experience in this bank does not even deserve a 1 star, but at least one is required.
My husband and i just left this bank, furious!!
The asian banker acted as if my husband and i were invisible.
After 10 minutes of waiting, the other banker finally acknowledged us and told us we'll be right with you.
After another 10 minutes of waiting, the asian banker finally asked us if we've been helped.
I told him no, that's what we're sitting here for.
He asked us what we needed and we told him so he said that we will be next.
Are you kidding me?
First and last time with this bank.
But, i returned today & walked in to a line to door.
My natural response was "my meter is going to expire" & irritation ensued...
I made sure to tell him that he & his team did very well working through the line.
Esther was super helpful and nice and im so happy i came here.
They do 2nd chance banking with helps someone like me get back on my feet.
Love this place and love esther
Good people constantly working hard for our clients.
Please give us a try!
Been here 25 minutes and two people in front of me have given up.
If nobody hears from me in the next 24 hours assume i perished waiting at their marks branch.
Tried to get my wife to close our account here....it's soon going to be my mission.
Update:  made it out alive.
Total tally is 45 minutes for a less than 5 minute transaction.
Bank here at your own peril.
What can i say about toni that isn't good.
Let me start by giving you a back story.
In 1995 i moved to las vegas and was forced to change agents because i was in a different state.
I moved back to cleveland in 2011 and the first person i called was toni to get my car insurance.
Guess what, ...  she remembered me after 16 years.
If you're looking for an insurance agent, then call toni, you wont be disappointed.
This was was located on convention drive between paradise and las vegas blvd near the ross.
Kinda far from where i love.
I live in henderson but oh well it's the only place that gives good rates on foreign currencies.
This place is great if you ever need to change dollars to whatever currencies.
It beats waiting in the banks for your money to come and they will not rip you off.
This place is by far the best when it comes to exchange rates.
I have been coming here since for about 12 years now at least once or twice a year.
It was easy to find!
And don't forget to validate your ticket!!!
Definitely the worst bank in nevada.
Their service is abysmal and they are very understaffed.
Even with a confirmed appointment with a banker you are forced to wait.
I am counting the days until this cd matures and i can move it to another bank.
Note also there is no drive-up atm at this location.
The great arizona real estate depression hit this credit union hard.
I just applied for and got a loan to consolidate my debt and have some windows replaced.
Was on hand and readily accessible.
With thanks to alex, it was a breeze.
Chase is a pretty good bank overall.
The bankers treat you really well and are professional and courteous.
Generally there isn't a long waiting line so you can get through quickly.
Love their app that even lets you deposit checks without going to the bank.
I completely forgot to write a review back in november when i came in!
Hassle-free, kind staff, and a good exchange rate.
I'd definitely use them again!
It's sad how every time i come to this branch i see the same thing.
Yesterday, i was short on time, i walked in and seen a long line with only two teller windows open.
I couldn't wait, so i left.
I came back today and showed up 20 minutes after they opened and its deja vu all over again.
This time they had a few more tellers working.
Service is always great.
But they are under staffed and there isn't ever a time where there isn't a long line.
They need another chase in the summerlin south area.
The best agent ever!
I've been with her and lisa over 20years!
They are compassionate, straight forward and generally care about you!
Always available even on weekends and outside of business hours!
They helped me with all my needs, and quickly!
There is no reason to look any further for insurance, this is the agent you need!!
Thank you for trying to make things convenient.
That said, when receiving my new card, i provided them with my u.s. passport as identification.
; mothers income, fathers income, "household income".
As a student, i live off federal loans essentially.
Enter branch manager tina d. first of all, she isn't very personable whatsoever.
In retail banking, knowledge and a smile go a long way.
She tried to show me disclosures from chase.
So it seems your logic is terribly flawed tina.
Once tina realized she's illogical, she stated "are you here just to argue?"
Great customer service tina.
Accountable, kinda ironic huh?
Anyways, thank you for your time.
Can i please get my debit card i was supposed to get yesterday?"
She was sticking by her idiocy behavior.
So no tina, i wasn't there to argue, i'm here to correct you.
No rather i receive $h*t poor customer service from brand managers like tina.
I have to call agents often to get the management company added and it is usually a hassle.
Whoever answered the phone was extremely professional and pleasant.
Thank you for your help from one professional to another!
I would give this bank 0 stars if that was an option.
Lines are always super long and only 2 tellers.
They're super slow and have no sense of urgency.
If you are going to this bank, be ready to wait 30 mins - 1 hour if you're lucky!
Came here for the drive through atm to make a withdrawal.
I went to the bank around closing to deposit a large check.
Little did i know that the amount was over the acceptable limit for immediate deposit.
I made the mistake of using a computer to do my banking, atms, who needs them?
When i realized my error, i went inside to speak with a teller.
She was very patient, very kind.
And after trying to resolve the issue herself, she called over linda, the branch manager.
It took but two minutes to turn my frown upside down.
They allowed someone to add themselves on my father's credit card, not once, but twice!!
They have no regard for their customer's protection.
How a bank can allow their customer's accounts be compromised like this is unbelievable!!
Do not ever use this company!!!
What an incredible team!
Come to find out, bundling my car insurance saved me about $55 a month!
And the homeowners insurance was surely the least expensive quote i got, by a long shot.
It's always a nice surprise when you are able to save money when switching.
This office is certainty the best around.
Thank you roxanna for all of your help, you have truly made a difference!
Came to this branch to pay off a car and get the title.
Everything was fast and efficient.
National chain stores, big box stores and the like.
That being said, it is at times persuasively difficult to assuage the obvious convenience.
So on with the review!
Or more specifically, the person being reviewed.
Her name is margaret (maggie) flanagan, and she is a personal banker at this branch.
On first impression, she is warm, inviting and personable.
Subsequent visits confirm legitimacy and add genuineness.
She is a good fit for her position.
She is worth the drive or call in order to navigate other than superficial banking needs.
4 stars due to my obvious bias with her community destroying affiliation with big business.
The owner answered phone as if i was bothering him.
I asked about borrowing 50k hard loan with 6 months term.
I told him i had 24k.
He said if i needed to borrow 50k, i needed 50k in the bank as collateral.
If i had 50k in the stinking bank, i wouldn't need to borrow any money at all..
I've been banking at desert schools for a couple years now.
Overall, their services are comparable to the services offered at other credit unions and banks.
I like that my money is usually available as soon as it's deposited.
The web site is user friendly, and they have an easy to use mobile app for your phone.
On the down side, their drive thru can be slow and their tellers sometimes make errors.
One major annoyance is that lately their tellers are chatty.
I get the impression they have been trained to make small talk so they appear more personable and friendly.
Last time i was at this location the teller asked if i had any plans for the weekend.
On a friday afternoon, i'm usually tired and between jobs.
I don't want to discuss my weekend plans with the bank teller!
This review is based on bank of america as a whole.
Nothing less would be excepted from the bank they got bailed out by the taxpayers for their shady derivatives fallout
I was frustrated the week before christmas when i was shorted on a transaction to exchange cash for coins.
I didn't open all the coin rolls at the bank, but i did when i got home later that day.
I realized i was shorted, but i didn't have time to go into the bank until just today...
My buyers chose this company because they quoted a 3.99% rate beating out my trusted lender who quoted 4.2%.
It just appeared on the settlement statement at the higher rate.
Tellers seems not like to work.. deposit money and teller says you can deposit at the atm.. what the???
What if i wanted to deposit inside for transaction.. oh well
So convenient for my deposits after a long day at the salon.
It's nice that it's in fry's too because i can grab some groceries before i head out.
The associates are always friendly and ready to help as well.
We've had an auto loan with cardinal for 2 years (as arranged by the dealership we purchased from).
We drove 20 miles to talk to someone there about preapproval for another loan.
We arrived 45 minutes before closing.
We were met with disinterest, given an application to fill out, and told we'd hear something on monday.
The only person who talked to us was the receptionist.
We were not impressed.
1 merchant teller and 1 regular teller.
Line 8 people deep and not moving.
3 useless "bankers" sitting at their desks with no clients probably on facebook.
Avoid this bank if you are in any sort of hurry.
They act like they are doing you a favor when its your money that you are giving them to hold.
I will definitely go back there
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
This is where i always go to make my foreign currency exchange.
They manipulate they exchange rate slightly which is how they make a living.
They do not charge a fee on top of that like other exchange places.
At current rates june /2017 it cost me about $10 to exchange $500 us to pounds.
And about the same or less for euros.
Which seems pretty fare considering that plus a fee if i use my debit card.
The employees here are super helpful.
They exchange has moved from suite 122 into the tower and suite 101.
I'll post a photo.
They have a covered parking garage below and they validate your parking in the exchange with a stamp.
If you plan on doing over $1000 make sure you bring your passport or are prepared to give your soc.
Number for internal audit info.
But transaction below that simply give your name and address.
Best place in town or anywhere i've exchanged.
Upon writing this review, i see there are only 3 stars for this location.
My review won't be contributing to a better rating.
I stopped into this b&n location yesterday, june 8th, around 5:20pm.
After looking around for about 15 minutes, i couldn't the item said to be in stock.
I then asked her how long they were holding it, or had been holding it, and she was unsure.
I'm not sure how that's possible given once the item is placed on hold, it's kept for 3 days.
A simple computer look up would've provided said info, but that's not what this yelp review is about.
Fact of the matter is, i was quite pleased with how she handled the situation.
It was when i asked to speak with the manager, that my visit took a turn for the worse.
The young lady said she would get the manager for us, no problem, and went back to the service desk.
All while completely ignoring the fact that i'm less than two feet from her, very present.
No greeting, no addressing my question.
There's no chance she didn't see us, she just had better things to do.
Like play on the computer in front of her.
Given that it could be day 3, would it not be nice to make a sale?
Especially from someone there making other purchases?
Evidently whatever was on that computer in front of this lady was far more important than customer satisfaction.
What a shame she did nothing to address my initial inquiry, and gave a sassy attitude regarding their inventory management/purchases.
So sorry for assuming you could do something further to assist a customer.
I left my information with the pleasant employee, went and put back my other planned purchases, and left the store.
Would taking 5 minutes away from the computer screen be so life ending?
Heck, it was too far to go to be pleasant and welcoming, which would've sufficed for what it's worth.
That is what i'm used to when potentially giving you business.
I am but one person.
B&n has reduced their store fleet over the years as it is.
Is that good business?
Perhaps someone with an attitude like that is better managing a laundry mat.
At least there she can collect change and leave, avoiding all interaction with other people.
We ended up finding the item on our own, at a phoenix location last night.
I also found my other items, and a few more i wasn't planning to buy.
My experience with the staff was very pleasant.
So that's a win/win transaction for all.
Pardon my novel, but i was disgusted by this experience and wanted to share it.
I won't be returning to the san tan location.
Walked in and didn't really get greeted or anything.
Finally got some assistance from cody campbell.
Cody was very helpful, nice, and patient.
As far as other employees that day, none i could recommend.
Please go see cody campbell if you come to this particular branch!
Outside of signing loan papers or robbing it, when was the last time that you ventured into a bank branch?
My home branch is in gananoque (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/cibc-gananoque).
I've not moved it since i moved to toronto as i didn't really feel the need.
As for driving back to gananoque for the sake of a four number code, i thought better of it.
Well, this was the first place i happened on.
Because of its location, i can understand why they have so many bank machines available and a large teller space.
I went in at mid-day to get my credit card sorted out and they took care of me instantly.
There was no wait, no line-up, just in, up to the counter, and talk to a teller.
That's even faster than the internet.
I had fraudulent charges on my account two days before i was set to leave town.
He was very helpful and told me all my options.
He was very polite and was a joy to talk to.
I've banked at other banks before but he made me feel welcome and talked to me like an actual person.
Not like another banker who hates his job.
He also told me about promotions and offers!
Not pushy at all.
I am so proud to be a wells fargo customer.
They are idiots horrible with money lost my check and they won't credit my account  ....
The people here are always so friendly and helpful and are always smiling!
On top of that, recently one banker made the greatest impression on me.
His name is brandon garcia.
I recently flew my retired mother to vegas for a visit.
Naturally, i took her to my chase branch in my neighborhood where we were greeted by brandon.
The checks cost somewhere in the neighborhood of $18.
I wanted to pay this fee for her.
Unfortunately, this has to be debited directly out of her account.
So i just told my mom i would give her the money for her to apply to her account.
Let me tell you, i was wildly impressed by this unsolicited act of kindness!
Class move by mr garcia!
I think i need to make this my primary bank!
...after all, they hooked mama up!
It's a good think i don't have a account here.
This place is ridiculous.
2 windows open on a busy day and they don't wanna open more windows.
Takes 30-45 mins for a simple deposit.
Salina is kind and helpful.
All other experiences have been horrible.
I've been with chase for about 10 years & the location at scottsdale & shea has outstanding customer service.
Tempe is slacking & they all seem like they hate their jobs.
Came to this bank the friday before  labor day  weekend  to open a new account.
Chase  on 48th st and southern  won my business  as they know how to treat potential  clients.
Been banking with chase bank for like forever.
Enjoyed their fast service and friendly staffs.
Great location just off loop-202 & us-60 and within minutes from arizona state university (asu) & mesa community college (mcc).
I feel like i'm treated like family.
Quinn l. has been working hard on behalf of my family.
I think the coverage is excellent for the price and i have no desire to shop around.
Give this agency a call for quote.
They know what they are doing!
4.50pm on friday, december 2.
Lobby, 3 tellers visible.
One is taking customers at her lobby window and the drive up.
Teller #2 is on phone concerned about the possibility of lost keys.
4 customers in front of me in line, 7 customers behind me in line.
3 ed teller is at window but not taking customers.
I guess not here.
She did say sorry, so will i, i am sorry to have to deal with this garbage bank.
Great location, great service, everyone is very friendly and helpful.
It's my go to branch for all my simple easy to do banking needs.
Their drive thru is highly convenient and easy to use with the tellers ready to assist.
I hate this bank, they always act like they know what there talking about, but they don't.
It dosn't matter if it's over the phone or in person.
And everyone gives you a different story!
So check this out.
We have several accounts.
I have one, hubby has one and we have a joint account.
So i closed my account.
They want to start charging $10.00 per mo.
Sorry, i'm not going to pay that.
That's $120.00 per yr.
So i closed it.
Ok, so now i don't have access to this closed account anymore right?
So i didn't see anything pending in the other bank.
Hummmm, so i call.
Now i'm getting pissed.
So i call armed forces bank.
Ohhhh some how they took money out of the closed account,  huh?
How the heck did that happen, and i don't have access to that account.
Well bill pay, did it.
They said oh after a certain amount of time they system will catch it.
We will do a free transfer to your other account.
You should have it in a few hours.
So anyway to make the story short.
I was on the phone with them all week.
No one knew anything, no one can see that i had double the $ that was transferred to that account.
I was so annoyed.
Finally, i got a phone call from the bill pay.
That on the afb if you have more than 1 account you have to go in and delete that account!
Ok, i don't freaking work for the bank.
Ya'll need better training!
Worst costumer service ever i was waiting more than 10 min and nobody come and check on me .. losers..
If you are using quick pay, be careful!
Never believe that "available balance" because everything is go by cutoff day and time.
My lesson learned and paid my dues with poor customer service from chase over the phone and in person.
Thank you for your service chase.
I am glad that i am still with an awesome banking institute for all my personal and business purposes.
This is a wake up call for me to not to look further or try any other banks.
I receive fine service every time i come here.
The employees are mainly hispanic as noted in a previous review, but this is a hispanic neighborhood.
There is no language barrier and i am always treated with the utmost care when i bank here.
I never thought i'd review a bank, but this story must be told.
When i moved into the area yrs.
Ago, it was close to where i lived, so i opened an account.
I've had more than one problem with employees making stupid mistakes with my account & generally giving me crappy service.
I was told by their head office that they use this branch to train new staff.
Yeah, it shows big time!
It was also very close to christmas & if she was smart, she'd figure things out.
I decided to go home as i was tired & very tired of this woman's lack of class or manners.
I went with a cibc visa card just to piss them off & i couldn't be happier.
It's a much lower rate that they can't even come close to.
Are you kidding me???
Too little too late sweetheart!
In the long run, you have saved me money & i appreciate it with my lower rate.
I know you didn't mean to, but you did.
I use this branch simply for rent cheques because my landlord likes it that way.
I have not had to deal with these tools in person for almost 2 yrs now.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
Joe has been my insurance agent sine he first opened his office in my neighborhood.
His office staff has always been fantastic.
They arranged for a tow truck to take my car away.
They even set up which repair facility would handle the repairs.
"i would highly recommend joe janet to be your state farm agent"
This location is right next to my work and is incredibly convenient.
I have been a member of this bank for 6+ years after converting from satan's lair (bofa).
They are incredible as a banking establishment.
I have been very happy with this company as a whole.
They're knowledgeable, nice and do not take me for all that i have (low standards from my abuse at bofa).
I am loyal and will stay until i potentially move from the state.
This location is easy to reach, but parking is pretty annoying and so are the lines.
No reason or anything, just making your task more challenging to now have to drive to another one.
Thank you kim for all your help and thank you state farm
Bank of america  is the worst bank ever.
They sneak in fees anyway they can and have only 1 or 2 tellers at the window at all times.
Zero stars for me
But as soon as you need them to be there for you it's amazing how quickly they drop you .
It's amazing how a bank like td can treat you better .
I dealt with the shawnessy branch and have to say yikes .
Insane and condensending and non caring additidue.
The customer service at this branch is phenomenal.
My husband i are always treated exceptionally well.
It is a lot of small touches that make this bank a standout.
The staff is personable, the atmosphere inviting and a complimentary water and coin machine are an added bonus.
Even the safe deposit box area feels better than most banks.
I would highly recommend this particular branch of midfirst bank!
Rare an beautiful personal touch.
It is rare to have a personal touch at banks today.
Nela and jessica have gone out of their way to make this stressful transition to parenting the parent easy.
I am most grateful.
You can't connect to simple online resources like paypal or mint or even have your rent check automatically withdrawn.
There are definitely much better resources out there than dane county credit union.
Uw credit union here i come.
Although they are bad...they are also consistent!
I had to rate it an extra star from the last review.
The lineups are pretty much gone now.
My guess is that people just got tired of the ineptness.
I know it's a 'training centre' but come on folks, get it together.
Justin barcom has so much positive energy.
Every major bank claims to have a personal banker.
This is usually a complete joke.
Justin will move up fast so enjoy it while you got it.
He will actually try to help you and make things easier.
This is out branch of choice in henderson.
Prompt, friendly, accurate, helpful....everything the branch on eastern and st rose is not.
And of course i always speak softly to quietly protest...get it, quietly protest?
I came in today for a quick bit of banking.
They were fast and helpful as always.
Today being saturday they had chilled water and coffee and wonderful cookies.
Always a great place to stop and it is on the way to any where i have to go.
This place is awesome.
I've just refinanced with third federal - thanks wendy and christine.
I was somewhat apprehensive, as they were offering the lowest rate available at the time, but everything went very smoothly.
They were up-front about their fees (not too high), and everything progressed at a reasonably good pace.
Our ltv was ~25%, and credit scores very high, so that probably helped.
Somewhat unexpectedly, we received a $100 home depot gift card from them today - a nice touch.
Employees were fairly friendly and asked us multiple times if we needed help finding anything.
It wasn't though and he had to look it up.
He acted like he didn't want to let me see it again.
No jokingly expression on his face, just an irritated look.
I wish i had taken note of his name.
I do like to save money though.
That was the whole reason i tried to get title of the book.
I come to this location on a weekly basis.
I just had the most unpleasant experience at their restaurant that i felt compelled to enter a review on yelp.
I was ignored by the counter person for over 5 minutes.
When i did try to get her attention, she behaved as if i was interfering with her.
I ordered two pieces of cheesecake, one red velvet and a plain and a pepsi.
She took my money and then walked away to talk to a coworker.
And then went back to doing something next to nothing.
By now, people who had lined up behind me, were putting there stuff back and walking out of the store.
I would have too, but they had my money.
The other person, who came in later, finally came up and began ringing me up again.
I informed her i was waiting for the food which had already been paid for.
This is a service oriented environment and i expected at least an apology or something.
The first person eventually took out the containers to place the food in.
They kind of slid it towards me, and that was it.
My appetite was ruined,  but it had been a while since i had cheesecake.
I tried to take a slice of the red velvet.
I couldn't get my fork thru it.
I don't think cheesecake should resist my fork or be chewy.
I've been with wells fargo ever since and haven't looked back.
- always a long wait here.always.
Tellers seem to have no sense of urgency at all and just seem to mosey along.
- they don't even pipe in the muzak or whatever it is here.
Lol can't afford to play the muzak here??
Lol - cashiers weren't rude, but looked miserable.
The customer service at any of my wells fargo or chase locations is infinitely better.
Just don't do it.
You can experience much better somewhere else.
The staff is very nice but there is always a line as they only have two tellers.
Today i waited over 35 minutes in line while the line is growing and almost out the door.
Every other transaction the agent is calling a manager which is causing the delay.
Lots of hate on here, however i get mad at the branch at decatur and trop.
That place is a mad house and you will wait forever.
This however is a different story.
I waited about 10 min, no big deal.
I met with michelle b who is a personal banker.
She was very professional and courteous.
Very funny and seemed to genuinely care about my frustrations.
Got me my card fast and explained everything with every detail.
She also noticed that my signature was not matching my cards so she helped me with that as well.
I was helped by katya, who was very pleasant and friendly.
I'm glad i stopped i just wish it wasn't so far from my house!
Bank of america is such a cheap ass crap bank.
Every time, no exaggeration, there are 2 tellers working.
Every friday, the line is 30 people deep.
I would be more understanding if it wasn't like this nearly every single time i come into any bofa location.
Today is the last day and the cashiers office at school closes in 10 min!!
Apparently the line wasn't long before i arrived but when i got into the branch it was pretty lengthy lookin'.
I wish i could remember his name!!
My five stars goes to him :)
Sent an e-mail initially, no response.
Called the office a few days later and spoke with wayne, he gave his direct e-mail.
He seemed interested and asked me to send photos directly to him for a "quicker" response.
He stated he got my e-mail and that was it.
I have been using this office since i moved to vegas in 2014.
Sf is great, but this office is the best!
I came here to use the cash machine and it worked great.
I did the drive thru and i got my cash and left.
Not much else to say.
Not sure why that other guy is so mad.
Guess my rating will bump it up a little :)
This is the worst,, slowest and no customer service.
They are there not to satisfy customers.
They need someone with a brain at this bank., i would fire all the employees at this branch..
What is more valuable than money???
There is no customer service here.. unfortunately is the closest branch, but there is complete disregard for providing customer service.
Or at the very minimum- equip your staff with knowledge?
End of the day a vegas scam!
I was at a non union house and then i got a union gig.
I was excited - healthcare!
Only the union didn't fight for me when they cut our shift to get the hours.
I went years on the extraboard paying dues.
Then i needed them on a termination.
I showed up to the board of adjustment felicia was in the back (making a deal?)
And amushed me in the meeting.
I see right through this.
There is absolutely no sense of urgency here.
Fifteen people in line, and marisa doesn't seem to care.
Sipping her coffee and not helping anyone.
Only two tellers is ridiculous.
Maybe one of the three people just milling about in the lobby could actually just help?
Worst bank in las vegas, the only one that opens at 10am!!
Everyone else opens at 9am.
Their products and services are very standard, and their fees quick and many like a lot of banks.
Avoid at all cost!
Just changed money here again for a trip to china.
Wholesale market rate per yahoo finance, oanda, etc.
As of today is 6.47 yuan to the dollar.
I received 6.36 to the dollar with no fees.
That is not even a 2% spread.
How anyone can say this place is not the best in town is beyond me.
Apparently, anyone who disagrees does not travel or change money often.
Everytime i get by far the best rate, and there is no surcharge, no fees.
There is absolutely no way a casino offered the same rate as this place.
Such a rude lady.
I felt discriminated while dealing with her because i was dealing with a lot of money.
They said they didn't any manger for me to speak too.
I think it was natalie and karen.
Thank you guys so much for your help.
Sometimes it's the small things in life and you guys helped me save a lot of time today!
I love this location so much better than the centennial one.
Everything is smoother and not as arduous as the other location.
Simple tasks at the centennial location require so much time effort manager approvals and looks of confusion.
The same tasks at the n. decatur location are quick and painless.
I've been to this branch about 5 or 6 times and i cannot say enough nice things about the employees.
Each person i've had the pleasure of assisting me is so friendly, pleasant, and provide excellent service.
Today for instance, i had a 2 year old with me.
A woman comes out from behind the counter and asks if she can give him a balloon.
I was blown away and he absolutely loved it.
I love this branch and even though it's out of my way, i won't go to another one.
Thank you for being so great to your customers!!
I like this location.
I am a fan of book stores because i love books.
I do like how this store is laid out.
You can find the section that you are looking for easily.
Tried to get a loan to purchase a property through nbaz.
Are you kidding me?
It's just crazy to me how hard "big banks" are to work with.
I will never bank with nbaz again.
My daughter opened an account about a month ago.
They wanted to know if she wanted to refinance her car.
She wanted to do this so she could get the co-signer off her loan.
It was a fight at her job to get the letter and took almost a month.
During this time she has called him and left messages.
She even sent e-mails with no contact back.
Today we went in to do the refinance because she had the letter.
We were then told the guy she was working with no longer works there.
The lady that helped us was a little on the rude side.
We told her what was going on and she looks up the account.
The lady at the bank said it was never approved.
I had to explain to her that the previous guys said she only need one thing.
Then we wasted both of our time going in there today.
She gets paid tomorrow and will be closing her account after that.
She said she knew she should stay with chase bank.
Horrible service and not the best way to start off a new account.
We have four other accounts there that will be soon closed.
Not even a member there for 2 months.
Worst bank ever nobody knows how to do their job from the manager down.
I get my military disability check every month and my wife is my payee.
Even says it right on the check.
Last month they sent my check back to us because i didn't sign it.
Which i don't have to because my wife is the payee not me.
That made all kinds of problems with our bills.
So this month i went into the bank to deposit it and they were still wanting me to sing it.
Chinatown location is most definitely not my favorite location to visit when it comes to going to bank of america.
This branch stays busy busy busy.
Now with this in mind i just can't wrap my head around the fact that they wouldn't staff accordingly.
I am all too familiar with what the layout should look like and my friends this isn't it.
How is it okay to have only 2 tellers working?
I am all for using the self service options because trust me i hate lines!
Left with no choice i stood for 20 plus minutes.
1 merchant teller to help the business customers and 1 regular one, working her behind off!
Where are the people?
I come in every 2 weeks.
I swear it's a 30 minute wait every... single... time.
Always a long line here.
While they are quite efficient and don't take long per transaction, the conversation does not seem forced.
The staff seems genuine and professional.
I have come to this bank numerous amount of times and never have had a problem with cashing a check.
Today upon seeing a new teller, my check all of a sudden has a hard time being verified.
I felt racial profiled and stereotyped.
You need to properly train your tellers on how to communicate with the customer.
How is it hard to cash your own bank check!
The worst bank in vegas..
There was nobody here to serve.
It took over an hour to open a checking account.
I took my cash to chase it was speedy and prompt...unlike citi going back to 1970s service.
The 2 stars on their rating is well deserved.
It was a horrible bank 10 years ago and it still is!!!
Horrible customer service by the way that they treat loyal customers.
Take your money out and go somewhere else.
Even the crooks over at wells fargo still manage to offer better customer service.
Before they screw you over like they did to me!!
Be aware, it looks like it is scam.
Out of sudden they started spamming our mailbox with their newspaper, that we had never subscribed for.
They sent it to our address for a person that does not live here and never lived.
I called to remove our address from their list and i was asked for my ssn!!
I found it very suspicious that they asked for my ssn to fix their mistake...
This great location they girls are great and its scottsdale one dont want go to.
Both needs be fired.
But here the girls nice and serve donuts i love this bank here i drive father from scottsdale come here.
You guys rock pretty sad got drive to another city for good service.
I wouldn't recommend this credit union.
You can't take out your own money from your savings at a atm.
They charge you after 6 savings transactions during month time.
I have been a member here for about 7 years now.
The staff is always helpful, the benefits of this credit union are great!
Multiple locations makes it easy to stop in no matter where you are in eastern cuyahoga, lake, or ashtabula.
Their rates are unbeatable.
They have a very comfortable waiting area with tv, keurig and other mild refreshments.
For members, they offer a coin counting machine.
Check out cardinal community credit union, they are way better than any bank out there!
If i could give less stars i would.
Horrible customer service, even slower banker, and the intelligence level of the branch is bordering preschool.
If you have the option go to another location.
Honestly hands down would of had an easier time with the mcdonalds staff then this banks staff.
This bank fucking sucks do not go here.
This is bullshit and i will not be returning.
Absolutely horrendous customer service and complete waste of day everytime i come here.
I wish i could give you idiots 0 stars.
This branch is always busy!!!
Like the location because it's right across the street from me...
I just wish the had more tellers since they're always busy...
I hate waiting in the long line because people don't respect your personal space!
All in all the workers are very helpful and friendly!
I do all my banking here..... and needed to use the restroom really bad.
Was told it was for employees only which is funny because i used the bathroom in other chase banks before.
It's not like i came into a bank use to use the bathroom.....clearly i was doing some banking.
Won't be returning to this chase.
Nancy kinnard is awesome!
I have been banking with first calgary for 11 years now.
I always had great service--especially from mary barker, who helped us with our first mortgage.
Apparently mary has left the company, so this time we were helped by shazia.
All along it has felt like shazia has been working against us, not with us.
Not once did i get the sense that shazia was going out of her way to help us get approved.
No suggestions on how to proceed, or how things were looking, were ever made.
Twice we were told information that she later had to correct herself on.
This incorrect information forced us to reconsider our purchase options, which wasted our time.
Just submit the application!
The form was proof of income for a very small percentage of our earnings.
Don't wait for it to come in so our application gets held up.
Submit it, and we'll assume it's conditional on me "proving" that i make that extra couple hundred dollars per month.
She would ask silly questions like, "why do you have credit card debt?"
As a banker, is this the first time you've encountered debt?
I should make it perfectly clear that all along, shazia was nice and acted professionally.
I told her no and specifically said i would come in to gather more information before committing to an account.
I then questioned her decision to open accounts without permission!
Stay away from this branch!
Love midfirst in general.
Drove by and needed the cash after hours.
Only one atm, no problem, fast in and out, definitely will recommend to friends.
Every time i come here there are at least 10 people in line and the line moves so slowly!
I have been a customer chase customer for ten years and have never had a bad experience until last week.
I was hoping for a quick trip due to potty training and feeding an infant.
I requested a cash withdrawal and was short changed.
I ended up waiting almost 30 mins for them to attempt to correct the error.
They claimed a manager had to count the money from the machine to make sure it was balanced.
Ok i get it people and machines make mistakes, what is not acceptable is having lack of customer service.
If you have to use this bank location i highly recommend triple checking your withdrawal.
Very disappointing to feel like they do not value my business, loyalty or time.
Dane county credit union has been my financial institution since i opened my account when i was 15.
They have really gone above and beyond with helping me set good financial habits.
I really appreciate all of the e-services they have, including the ebanking and especially the chat feature on their website.
If i need help with something but don't want to call them, i can just go on and chat.
I also think they have some of the nicest staff around.
I don't think i will ever have a reason to change to a different credit union.
Worst customer service i've had with the lady graciela in the teller section.
Attitude, unprofessional, rude, didn't know what she was doing.
She seemed unmotivated and uninterested in her job.
This location doesn't care of their customers at all.
I got my bill and find out my insurance got policy change.
They did not notify me at all.
This is not a good solution at all!!!
If i'm lower my benefit to get the discount, i could've done it long times ago!!!!
I've been banking with wells fargo for 25 years now.
Someone hacked my account and took a substantial amount of money from me.
This was all done with in minutes.
It took me 45 minutes on hold to talk to a fraud detective.
At first i thought it was another customer.
Employee: "jamba juice has way too sugar for this figure.
I drink only tropical smoothie".
Where is that at?".
Employee then proceeds to tell her where it is and directions there and the fastest route.
But, when she travels to australia she's going to eat kangaroo.
And then they started talking about gift cards and what kind to buy.
This conversation went on well over 10 minutes.
The employee never even made eye contact with me.
Being that my matter was urgent i asked if there was anyone else that could help me.
She then looked back at me and said "nope!
Looks like there's no one available.
I'll help you when i'm done here."
And she gestured with her hand at her friend in a choppy matter of fact motion.
Her friend then said "where was i?
I can never remember when i get interrupted!"
They then proceeded to once again carry on their conversation regarding the gift cards.
I don't fucking care!"
As she waved me off with her left hand and rolled her eyes.
I then asked her what her name was and she said "zyrena" and smiled.
I was so shocked i didn't know what to do.
I literally went and put my child in the car and cried my eyes out.
If i could give this location 0 stars i absolutely would.
Since then we have closed all of our accounts and never plan on doing business with them again.
I usually come to this location when i am pulling through the drive through atm.
Standard location with good parking and location.
Coolest stuff thus far, always positive vibes.
I lost my bank card and was lost on how to pay my bills.
Everything was linked to my bank card.
One of the tellers had someone assist me.
Whom was very patient and showed me how to do the online banking or bill pay.
The moment i walk into this bank, someone is always asking me how they can help me.
The tellers are friendly and quick.
I always have a positive experience at this chase branch.
This place is great, good rates, fast service and friendly!
I hardly ever write reviews.... park across the street at no charge
The slowest chase i have been to.
Ive been banking here for quite some time and never had any issues.
I handled my personal and business accounts and if there were any questions they were always answered.
I ask the tellers how their day is going and we always have good small talks.
I always nab a blue lollipop from their bowl on the way out.
I judge a book by its cover and i admit it.
And with the invention of these e-readers there is nothing left to go to a bookstore for.
Hence, the selection is pretty bad.
So sad, so disappointing.
The staff was kind and friendly, but it is not about them that makes me so sad.
What happened to bookstores?
What happened to libraries?
Is our society so technologically savvy that we can do nothing without an electronic device?
I am going to stand strong and continue to buy old school books and newspapers and magazines.
There are somethings that just aren't worth taking that extra step for...
After our initial frustration, cardinal has gone to a lot of trouble to gain our business.
They've succeeded, and we're very happy with the outcomes.
Patience, and perhaps our feedback, has paid off and we're contented customers now.
If you are a culinary 226 union member this is our headquarters.
The building is a little on the old side but maintained really well.
Dollars to euros, today.
Very small transaction, still got the best rate.
1.155:1, no commission, no fee, no delivery charge, no bs of any kind.
Just simple, quick and done.
As i compute it, that is a spread over interbank rate of about 1.7%.
For sake of comparison, travelex at fashion show mall would demand a spread of close to 8%.
I know who has my business, and should have yours.
This bank of america branch is the worst.
The only reason i keep going is because it's close to my home.
It always has long lines and there always seem to be bofa personnel just hanging around watching.
A woman just walked by who appeared to be a manager chewing gum like there's no tomorrow.
The tellers are friendly but managers are rude and oblivious to lines that sometimes stretch into the lobby.
It feels like i'm at the dmv.
Elaine wynn banks here.
Floyd mayweather banks here.
George maloof banks here.
The tellers are all wonderful, kind, and helpful.
The space is beautiful- new, clean, and they have a lounge.
This bofa is awesome!
I probably step foot into a bank three times per year.
Seriously....i'm more of an atm kind of girl.
Plus, i also needed a notary.
Another potentially laborious process.
And the icing on the cake?
The notary service was free.
Wow the kind of attitude i got from the cashiers was just amazing!
Interrupting me and hung up on me 3 times!!!
Don't bank with pnc!
Undoubtably the worst customer service of any bank i've ever dealt with.
This wasn't the worst of the customer service issues i've experienced with the bank but easier to explain on yelp.
Don't bank with pnc or you will regret it.
Not your typical financial organization they treat customers as other financial institution should.
The customer service was extremely lacking through the entire loan process at this branch.
I dont know if its the same across the board or not, but this was a very unsatisfying experience.
The loan agent came across as condescending almost and in a rush to move on to the next client.
The lack of follow up was also disappointing.
Would not recommend at all.
Joe bryant williams was my loan officer who gave exceptional customer service.
My situation was complicated due to the original purchase of my home.
Joe found a way to offer me the options i needed with a refi/cashout loan.
You are loan officer extraordinaire!
Used to love this credit union.
Then after being with them for almost 2 years, tried disputing a charge on my bank statement.
The next day, took another hour off work and wasted more gas, gave them the requested information.
Never heard of anyone else or any other banking institution treating customers this way.
I will be refinancing my auto loan, closing all accounts with them.
Do not bank here and don't let anyone you know!
I have been going to sam since i got my license and i couldn't be happier.
I hope to be with them for many more years.
I would rate this place zero stars if the ability was available to do so.
This is why i don't bank with them personally because of all the stupid fees and the rude customer service.
What usually takes less than 5 minutes has now turned into a 30 minute hassle.
If i were bringing in a fraudulent check i wouldn't have brought my children with me to cash my check.
This location despite being very busy has some good directorial firces that makes it run like a well oiled machine.
Ill be banking here for a longtime when i visit vegas.
I stopped here today to use the atm.
As a member of another credit union, i was not expecting to pay a fee for a withdrawal.
I was super annoyed to see that not only was there a fee, it was $3.50.
That's the highhest fee i have ever seen at an atm anywhere.
Another hilarious stupid, interaction at wells fargo bank.
Went to make a cash deposit for a non-profit which included fifty pasos.
They are so out of touch and i will never bank with them.
I understand there are rules but what about customer service?
The charity has the account and the pasos are for the charity.
What about common sense?
Wth is going on?
I am going in tomorrow to close my checking & savings as well as my fathers checking and savings.
I love this location.
It's beautiful & the two levels really set it off.
Great assortment of graphic novels, not just your typical comic book genre.
A lot of seating for reading which i enjoy.
Melissa bunyarattaphantu  is a pleasure to work with.
She really makes sure her clients are taken care of.
Great customer service and very knowledgeable.
I will let all my friends know about her.
I did shut the card off and when i logged in to my online banking it said "balance = $0".
Of course i have outstanding checks and bills to pay like everyone else.
When i banked at larger banks, they issued credits for fraud within 1 day.
No so with one nevada.
I had my card control set to decline transactions over $99 and many transactions for $600+ still went thru!
This really left a bad taste in my mouth for debit cards.
Thieves can suck your account dry and leave you stranded big time.
-------------------------------------------------------------- just tried to make a cash deposit at the eastern & serene location.
Atm machine broken as usual.
Their mobile app shows branches in the area but none are actually there.
Found on on blue diamond rd.
Total time driving around to make cash deposit...1 hr 30 mins.
This is a closer boa to my home.
However, i hate it.
There is only one atm, and it isn't even a drive thru.
The atms at this bank are always down & unavailable to take my deposits (wait..
So you don't want to take my money??).
I'm constantly inconvenienced with this bank.
I have been considering closing my account and taking my money to wells fargo (right across the street)!
Not even close to community banking or the understanding of going above & behind for a 25 yr customer.
It's all about them and what is best in a loan for them.
There are other banks out their i suggest you talk to.
Love the effing qt!!
Gas, brats, cheetos and monster!
And you can take a leak without getting any std's.
The tellers are always amazing and really nice... however, having 1 teller on a friday is absolutely ridiculous.
I wouldn't come here if i absolutely didn't have to for work.
It took me 30 min to get thru a line of of 5 people this morning.
Please staff your bank!
.. is it the dmv.
When nicely saying we are going to close our account,  answer ok have a good day.
Managers u shud be ashamed.
We are professional people not vegas street folk...
Expected better than this from quick trip employees.
Soda fountain machine was sooo freaking sticky and smelly with god-knows-what spilled all over machine and on floor.
People walking through it tracking across the store.
Obviously been there for a while.
Anyway, the place was a huge mess, condiment bar was out of items, and the bathroom was gross.
Weird happenings at qt i'm telling you - i told employee about bathroom he says we'll get to it man.
Recently switched banks and daniel was super nice and friendly to me.
With no charge !
That was appreciated thanks again you will be seeing me soon when i come in to make my savings account!
Excellent customer service and great rates on loans as well as savings/checking accounts have made me a believer.
We switched all of our accounts over about 2 years ago, and i am so glad we did!
Hands down the best rates in town.
I wasn't sure if they would have philippine pesos without ordering them.
Sure enough they had currency for my trip to china and the philippines.
The exchange rate was even close anywhere else in town.
Even while overseas the rate back in vegas beat most exchanges.
No added fees either
The bank itself is good though
I always forget to bring enough cash and we frequent this location to get more.
The line was super long last time but it moved fast thankfully.
11 people in line for the teller and only 1 teller window open.
Pretty terrible wait time is guaranteed if you opt to come here for anything other than an atm transaction.
Stay away from here if you have a choice.
You have been warned.
This is my 'go to' spot to withdraw some cash when i'm back in vegas and staying on the strip.
Return factor - 90%
The uw credit union really cares and looks out for the welfare of their members.
Tracy & jessica are awesome did everything to help me with things i needed help with our bank accounts.
The ladies at the counter was very helpful and all are so polite at this bank
The only place i go for money exchange.
The rate is better than the bank.
I hit the drive-through to make a deposit, thinking it would be quick.
Nearly ten minutes, which was crazy as there was no car in the other lane.
Why is there only one teller here during lunch hours?
The staff at this office are always a tremendous help!
Nikki and susan are the employees i've contacted the most and they give superior customer service!
Thank you state farm!
These people are amazing!
Totally trustworthy and so super nice to boot!
They know their stuff so i have no doubts about authenticity!
By the way, the girl at the front desk is awesome as is the bag/purse expert.
It's not only a great place to shop/buy, it's really enjoyable to talk with them as well.
The owner is super nice too!
Can't wait to go back.
I am going to spread the word.
Taking $3 out of my account, then calling it dues when we all know its a fee.
From the top of my heart, to the soles of my feet, arizona federal, you are the worst financial institution.
When you do an internet search on "arizona federal $3 membership fees" you see the truth.
After asking for a refund on the fees, they told me basically to go pound sand.
You guys are worst than bank of america!!!
Lines are so long every time i stop by this branch.
No accidents or tickets on our records, but they still raised our rates?!?!
They definitely lack customer service, which is why i did 1 star instead of 3.
Accused me of depositing a bad check even after i showed them it had cleared my other financial institution.
Had to go to my other bank to get proof where i happily signed up for a new checking account.
Will never do business with us bank again.
For a bank, i think that they are terrible, and agree with the other bad reviews of them.
It seems that the staff just aren't there when they are dealing with your money.
I recently moved here and needed to find a new credit union.
Dane was recommended and the gal was very nice and helped open accounts for me.
This was apologized for later.
I have also been very disappointed by their online banking.
They seem very behind the times.
It took a half hour but i got the fees refunded and my money back.
Banking here is work and not worth all the extra time!!
I was very disappointed and wouldn't recommend them to anyone.
Worst banking experience of my life.
Pnc high yield savings account offer prompted me to investigate the details.
Bottom line: imho, if you have a death wish, bank with pnc!
I love quick trip.
Clean bathrooms and free air for your tires if you have a flat.
But on 3 different occasions i have been to this particular qt and all the gas pumps were shut down.
1st time i was told there was a gas spill.
I thought ok - no big deal.
Qt must not care how much business they lose when the pumps are shut down for prolonged amounts of time.
This location is right off the freeway so the next closest gas station is a mile or more away.
They need a new screen on the atm.
The sun has made it hard to see through the screen.
Otherwise, this location has never given any bad services or issues.
I came to this place because i heard they had a great exchange rate from a friend.
After doing some research and checking a few major banks, i decided to give this place a try.
I was in and out in under 15 mins.
Make sure you have an idea of what the foreign money should look and feel like before you head in.
Doing some research will definitely help you out.
Australian money is plastic and very colorful!
I highly recommend this place for any money exchanges and if you have foreign money left over, don't worry!
You're able to exchange it back to usd and probably for a small fee.
I didn't have any left over so i can't say for how much.
Last time coming to this location
I had a really horrible expierence with this banker!!!
She was so rude and didn't have any communication skills.
It's like as if she didn't even want to help me.
Chase is where i bank with but that attitude is ridiculous and unnecessary.
When i asked to speak to a manager, she said they didn't have one!!!
Yall should fix that asap!
A bank with no management, now doesn't that sound crazy!!!!!!!!!
Reason i'm leaving a review for this bank is because i left bank of america.
I hate it that bank and i finally found a bank that has great customer service and fast lines.
The staff is super friendly and there's no one here at all.
Bank of america and i'm never looking back.
As a small business owner i usually look at most banks as evil.
While i am sure they probably are to some degree, they are still a necessity for any small business owner.
We moved to charlotte 4 years ago and were with wachovia until the wells fargo changeover.
This branch is located in south park and is geared toward business clients.
We have been with boa for over six months now and could not be more pleased.
We got the lowest rates for our merchant services accounts and really like their online banking.
There have been two or three times where we needed quick assistance.
As far as demon bankers go, i have to say that our experience at this branch has been great.
Use too bank here a long time ago and i decided to come back
So i'm left with trying to find another branch further away to do my simple business needs.
Friendly teller service inside.
Quick, efficient, and no wait.
Chase seems to be on point with providing good customer service.
This is the worst branch i have ever visited.
Many of us clients were in line for at least thirty minutes.
None of the staff even looked like they tried to speed up their pace.
Please, if you're the manager of the branch, ensure there are more staff to cover this location during your weekend.
Let me start by saying this is one of the worst banking institutions that exist today.
This is all wrong and they should have overnighted me another card right away.
I would not choose this bank to do business with if i were you.
This isn't the closes branch to me, but its the one i prefer.
Anyone that i have come in contact with here has been welcoming, and great at their job!
I wish i could leave a better review, but my experience was cut short.
Since i have their southwest credit card and they already had my information, it took well under 10 minutes.
Hopefully this branch will give better service with current customers if i need them in the future.
I walked in, used the bathroom and left.
I am a member, so i can do that.
I am glad they are still in business and i know it is a tough climate with amazon.
I spend a lot of money in their austin, tx store.
Would start out with a zero but not allowed to!
Bank of america wants us to update our personal info.
They wanted my ssn but why would bofa buy my credit card debt without that?
(we never applied with bofa, they bought our card debt from another company.)
Anyway, we weren't thrilled with the options for how to provide the info.
Later, our card was deactivated.
I called in and spoke to someone and got the same options.
I could fill out a w9...allowing bofa access to our tax records (really?!)
Or go into a branch with my info.
Our card was declined again.
Called to find out that they had actually closed the account without ever notifying us.
My ssn wasn't linked to a 2nd profile...how do i even know this?
Tony had all my cards, said i was good.
My choices now are to have a closed account (which will ding my credit) or to reactivate.
To do that i have to give authorization for my credit to be run.
For a card i already have?
So either way, i get a credit ding after i did everything they asked me to do.
Customer service had no clue, the "credit card department" gave me the above options.
We went to a 3rd department, i guess they are the ones that closed the account.
Costa, in dept 3, was hostile, and very nasty.
Basically said this was all my fault for not responding to the original letter they sent.
To be clear, this final 45 minute phone call was my fourth attempt to resolve this.
Is this bank manager, chris still employed?
My recent experience was outright discrimination!
He has no business ethics or customer service skills and demonstrated nothing but a bully attitude.
I hope that chase bank will do the right thing and fire him.
I've always had a great experience at citibank.
This one is very fancy and pretty.
Pretty easy to get in and out.
It could use some more parking.
They are not reliable, trustworthy, honest.
They said i had to close the mortgage to get it.
The flyer does not say that.
It says "must originate mortgage to get gift card."
The definition of "originate" is to initiate, to begin, etc., etc.
Do not start a loan with them.
Roosevelt was very friendly and he did  good job, so i give him props.
Now, i have to go back, to fix it, ugh!!!
My experience has not been plesent as i see from everyone else.
Two times too many for mistakes if you ask me.
State farm helped me with my first and only accident i can give that.
The agent does not update the address on file, that was no longer on the account more than one year.
I have a fixed income my budget is set.
The manager has not called me back that robyn said he would.
I should not be responsible for another error .
Needed a quick loan and mario was great!
I would recommend them to anyone who needs a loan .
I picked up my collateral in two weeks and everything was professionally handled.
Convenient location right off sahara but i only go to this branch when i absolutely must.
I've only been here a handful of times and each time kristin has assisted me.
Each time she's acted like withdrawals and deposits are an inconvenience.
She always has this look on her face like she hates her job.
Today she was literally looking down at her nails while asking what i needed help with.
When she speaks to me she is very condescending.
Not a reflection of quality customer service or someone i want handling my account.
Been a member for more than awhile now.
Obviously the main reason and best reason to join the culinary union is the health benefits.
Especially if you have dependents, which i do not.
A few weeks back, i received an email about $8 alcohol awareness training (tam card) for members via http://culinary.alcoholcard.org.
I dismissed that email, since i do not deal with serving or selling of alcohol in my present job capacity.
But opportunities come up and it was now something i needed.
I must say that the convenience of online training, that was traditionally done in a classroom setting, was great!
I go at my own pace, on my schedule, taking breaks or procrastinated on my own schedule.
But in the end, that portion of it was knocked out in 1/2 a day.
With the roadwork, the detour took longer than the actual exam.
Which is the practice exam you take at the end of the online course.
Anyway, today was possibly my first time coming here, or the second.
The building was mostly vacant, maybe it was due to the fact that it was around lunchtime.
But my objective was achieved with the minimum expenditure of time, so all good!
Worst customer service by the branch manager, jorge quintana, of any branch i've ever been in.
Save yourself the hassle and go to the branch on 44th st and camelback.
I love bookstores but this one could improve some.
Also i went in today which was a busy saturday and only two cashiers were open.
Other than that i enjoy coming to this store.
The folks at the serene & eastern are excellent!
They are patient and willing to help.
A very nice group of folks who are at this location.
I just wanted to get change for a $20.00 because walmart no longer sells a roll of quarters.
They asked my drivers license and the manager said he would need my social security number!
Eva ramos yer great!!!
Thanks very helpful and professional.
Fast prompt service perfect atmosphere and received results was after
Qt is my preferred gas station.
It's much cleaner than circle k and the staff is usually pretty good about getting you checked out fast.
Love their selection of grilled foods and prepackaged foods as well.
The only thing i don't like about this location is the abundance of people loitering out front.
I feel like every time i go, and i go a lot, i'm accosted by someone and asked for money.
I suppose they can't really help that but it may deter people from coming in.
My favorite bank, fast, efficient, and courteous service!
Banking doesn't get any better than this!
Excellent is the only word i can use to sum it up!!
Wow, if a month after reading my review is immediate then i guess you did.
I do find it interesting that you left that part out.
Your actual response:      "thanks for the feedback even though it's not the type we like.
I just saw this review for the first time one month ago.
I am very sorry about your experience.
Please contact me so i can get additional information from you on how to better serve our clients.
So i appologize if responding to your slow (not immediate) response has not been my top priority.
What's done is done and i don't see how there is anything more you can do to resolve this problem.
Therefore i wrote my review.
I'm not saying anything about any other offices in vegas or about any other clients.
I am only speaking about the experience we had with your office specifically.
Maybe and hopefully (for the sake of your other clients) we are an isolated case.
Or maybe i am just the first to speak up.
You should be disturbed, maybe it will make you think about your future transactions.
Either way, what's done is done and can't be undone at this time.
Hopefully you will try to improve.
I'm only giving them one star because the system won't allow me to leave a review without one.
A trip to a bank shouldn't take close to an hour for a simple deposit.
Either get more personnel or change management.
Have had state farm my whole adult life.
The staff knows their stuff, i definitely recommend to everyone!
I had thee best experience at the one az branch on 10/5, friday afternoon.
Wendy the branch manager went above and beyond to make sure my needs were met.
She blessed me this day with the help she graciously provided.
I went to the atm here to take out $200.
Not having a wallet, i wanted to exchange all the $20's for two hundreds, so i waited for a teller.
I just wanted to exchange $200 in $20s for $200 in two $100 bills.
And guess what happened?
It was an even exchange.
Such a hassle for something so simple.
I came here with my husband to settle an estate account.
We had great service from the managers.
They answered our questions and were both super helpful.
I also felt safe when walking in and out when i saw the guard outside the door.
My teller art was very informative about one nevada and it's products.
For anyone looking for a merchant account please stay away from bank of america merchant it is a scam.
There are many other companies out there to chose from ....
This is my experience and i would like to share with everyone.
Please don't make the same mistake i did.
Sam is an excellent agent.
He streamlined everything so that switching to arizona insurance was quick, easy and painless.
I'm happy i found him!
I just want to acknowledge nik and ramon at my home branch.
I am at b of a about 2 times a week.
They welcome me every time with a smile.
No matter how busy,  they always offer me help.
Sometimes there is a long queue, but they always make it pleasant.
As always say, customer service is so important.
I have my boa account open in california.
Surprise me that there left hand does not know what the right hand does.
Sorry, we cannot do this or do that.
Good lord, what is the purpose of hiring people who have little knowledge and wasting clients' time and their time.
So i decided, i still have to go to a real bank.
As i live in charlotte, they could not have access to information from california.
When i went to the branch at freedom drive, their staff has been very patient to call, check for me.
Since they know me, things get easier.
This place has a great selection of books for all ages.
There selection of starbucks coffee and cheese cake desserts , cookies.
They have seats everywhere, sample a book or magazine before you buy it
- this is one of the better chase locations i have been to in las vegas.
The interior is clean and orderly.
-the tellers have always been friendly and helpful.
- there is an ample amount of parking since it does share a parking lot with best buy.
The ladies here are so friendly and helpful!
There was a mistake in applying a payment and they resolved the issue immediately.
Rude and unprofessional staff - assuming you can find any.
This branch is grossly understaffed.
On two successive days i came in, only to find 10 people in line and only one teller working.
Very inept and arrogant manager came over asking if customers could just use the atm.
Her response to concerns about understaffing was that "it's just the way our bank is doing business these days."
This is a high-traffic commercial area and the service is entirely unacceptable.
Got a call from desert financial credit union alerting us of potential fraudulent transactions on our checking account.
We verified the fraudulent transactions and the compromised card was shut off.
Of course, the member services department is closed on the weekends.
So much for protecting our funds.
Major fail desert financial credit union!!!
Update:  today we learned they don't distinguish between fraud and a dispute.
They will pay pending transactions even if reported as fraud.
I have had the worse banking experience ever with this branch.
First chase no longer accepts cash deposits unless you are the owner on the account.
My son went to make a deposit for me and they would not accept the cash.
Drove across the street to wells fargo and was told that was not true.
Called our credit union and was also told not true.
Second, i had an issue with a gym i cancelled that was month to month.
Well when i went to pay, it was already paid with my debit card.
At first i thought the gym had had don't something fraudulent.
After about 6 calls to chase i found there is a program called account updater affiliated with chase.
I was told they charge merchants to be part of the program and will update them with their customers information.
I was given a case number and was to get a call back which i never did.
I called again and was told i had to go through my branch for answers.
I called this branch and of course nobody heard of the program.
I had the complete run around.
I spoke with the branch manager who had to look into it.
With all the fraud how would they know who should and should not have my updated information.
Well i don't have that option because their merchants come before their account owners.
I was appalled on her lack of knowledge.
There was no other customers in the branch.
She never once came over to introduce herself, answer any of my questions or simply provide customer service.
I come here to deposit my check every once in a while and the staff are always friendly and helpful.
It sometimes gets busy and the line gets backed up.
I see other staff just laying about.
Not sure why they don't help out if they can.
Even just for a minute so the bank tellers don't have to stress and the long line.
Regardless great wells fargo.
The union is a giant bluff.
I would never pay the union any part of my wages ever again after seeing how they operate.
Union is just a giant scam to get your money.
Don't go there for an auto loan and definitely don't use the website.
They will not ecen look at the app until you call in.
Website says 24 hours joke!
Horrible,  stressful, 2+ day experience.
All they want to do is argue with you on the phone and tell you they are so busy.
They only have 1 underwriter.
Claim they cannot see the paperwork but can see other paperwork sent the same way.
20+ year member of this credit union and they are not even closese to what they use to be.
Cannot even understand why i am frustraded.
Ready to tell the dealer to just sell the car.
I've tried several times coming to this location and just to get into the business is a chore.
The staff here is very professional, helpful, and knowledgable!!
I am soo surprised that this branch has low ratings.
I have been banking with citibank for over 10 years and love it!
I found an issue with one of my accounts, went in on 11/28/17, and the issue was fixed!
Fang johnson was the gal that helped me.
She was very professional and i left happy.
She went above and beyond to make sure my issue was resolved.
I didnt have to wait at all either.
Jojo also helped me with my deposit, she was quick and efficient.
I have been a wells fargo customer for over 10 years.
Customer service for merchants is poor.
I would rather go anywhere else.
I am quite a regular to this branch due to my place of work.
I have always received good service here and i am always greeted.
Some point soon - if i am able to apply for a mortgage, i would do it at this branch.
Service can be slow but generally good customer awareness.
Customer service is so bad.
One teller and 15 people in the bank.
They have no respect for their customer's time.
No common sense of business and money.
Not coming here again.
This branch is very close to my house and convenient.
There's not a whole lot to say other than it's very convenient.
Yes, out of necessity.
There's nothing like holding a real book in your hands... please keep this store alive!
I enjoy spending without limits when it comes to books.
I'm a little surprised by the poor reviews of this branch of citibank.
The staff is mostly friendly (with few exceptions) and competent.
As far as big banks go, citibank is not the worst, by far.
This branch is better than most.
Love this bank, the tellers and the loan officer.
Convenient & quiet location, quick transactions.
I opened an acct and the experience was smooth.
Our rep, teresa popp, was knowledgeable, efficient, and personable.
Double fees on all  overdrafts and extra 12 dollars for each day account is overdrawn.
So if you overdraw one day and don't notice it until the next day....new fee.
Also, if your account is overdrawn, your debit card will still work...so they can charge you overdraft fees.
The people in the bank are very friendly and professional but its the exact opposite when you call in.
Bank here at your own risk.
Visited this location over the weekend to open a checking account and i had an amazing experience.
No wait at all, great conversation with teller joselyn and great conversation with ernice!
Happy they keep a notary service.
Deborah is very helpful.
Many chase locations have quit this service- hate chase but this is a good branch
Their currency is very fair.
I change to euro for 0.84 and i checked in the airport was 0.74.
I gueanteed their currency is the best in vegas
The customer service rocks in this place.
I opened account there only because my paychecks come from there and that its across the street from my apt.
I like walking to places instead of driving......being green you know.
So it is nice that its a block away.
The other thing is the place is never busy,and is clean.
If you go in there make sure to check him out.
Worth it by far.
I would have given a higher rating but something truly unfortunate happened while i was here.
She hobbled to the regular line as her son sat alone and yelled out.
No one was kind to him or even addressed him.
I'm happy they're open on saturday, but this just made me sad.
I guess handicapped people don't matter here.
The recording said everyone was busy, but i saw employees without customers not answering the phone.
Marissa helped me and she was friendly and efficient.
I asked who the manager on duty was and i was given her card... anielka martinez.
Sam winter state farm insurance is the best!
I have moved to az and contacted this agency for my homeowners, liability insurance and auto insurance for 3 cars.
Melissa renda provided outstanding service and has been prompt and responsive.
I would highly recommend them.
My mom needed to exchange some money for her trip to europe and yelp did not disappoint.
Located in the tower on the first floor.
If you've ever taken an exam at the pearson test center, it's the same building.
The ladies up front were extremely nice and accommodating.
My mom's english isn't too good, but they took the time to listen to her and answer questions.
A great plus is that there is no fee for exchanges.
They even take whatever money you have left over to exchange back to dollars.
Tip: for euros/pounds they exchange up to the highest 5, so don't take any singles or coins back to them.
Validation for parking is also free!
It was an easy in-and-out exchange for us and i couldn't be happier with the whole ordeal!
Gas and so much more.
Quiktrip is always a great choice when it comes to refueling.
I find it a challenge to just purchase "gas" when i visit a quiktrip.
I like the soda fountain station, and the  multitude of snacks quiktrip has to offer.
I always manage to find a snack i hadn't had in quite some time, and it just calls my name.
In addition,  just like all quick trips this store is extremely clean, even more so then normal.
Reasonably priced gas, ice cold drinks, and snacks, it doesn't  get any better.
Very efficient and friendly service!
The best bank in us.
Susan r. must have been there on a bad day.
I find this to be one of the best locations to not have to get out of the car.
2 drive thru atms that move very fast and no crazy traffic around.
A very convenient chinatown bank
Not sure how there are wells fargo every 1.5 miles, but this is one that i enjoy going to.
They have the new atm that will accept checks and cash without envelopes.
This saves a lot of time.
The staff and employees are really courteous and professional.
If you cannot figure out which wfb to make your home, try this one!
I'm a real estate agent and had the pleasure of working with brad and amber.
This was a very smooth and flawless transaction.
Both brad and amber were a huge help and were always available to answer any questions i had.
I know who i will be referring my clients to.
Thank you for everything
This bank has been here for a while now.
They are really big on customer service here.
I have to really give them an a plus for that.
When you go in , they offer you bottled water, coffee and even some days they have cookies!
They are quick and very efficent, they always thank you for banking here.
That may not seem like a big deal, but i think it is.
Plus they really try hard here.
There is a drive thru, as well as lots of parking .
Nice place, and a good bank.
Professional and attentive service.
It's more like a credit union atmosphere, but with big bank services and convenience.
Clean and quiet bank.
Whenever i come here, the tellers are really nice, patient and friendly.
They are quick and efficient...what's not to love?
Asked for help finding books on a specific topic.
Don't go to beth.
She did that just for the sake of telling me what to do.
I just entered my pin with my debit card lady!!
She's rude cause she isn't the boss lady!
I've been banking with chase when it was washington mutual and before that was great western.
23 years as a customer and she treated me disrespect and doubt!
Get rid of her!!
I purchased my kids summer reading book at this b&n location.
I received a 15% off coupon, so i went back to get a price adjustment.
Brandon g. at the register helped me.
I got a b&n gift card for the adjustment which was fine.
I then took my garbage and told him i would throw away in front of the store.
Stop with the "all puffed up importance attitude".
You're in the retail customer service business.
This is the reason people order online.
There are 7 people working, with only two taking care of customers.
Maybe instead of having someone stand at the reception desk doing nothing have them actually open another service window.
Great service, good value and fantastic people.
I trust my business with jared and state farm!
Big time progress has occurred here, and i must commend the effort regarding efficiency!
The way bank of america (and the maryland prkwy) branch conduct business is unacceptable.
As a merchant i need/ expect quick and efficient service.
It's monday, they only had one teller working at opening (9am), there was 10 in front of me.
One of the managers explains it's "boa" procedure to have no more than two tellers at any given time.
I ask you, would you go to a restaurant where there was only one waiter?
I love the hometown feel of nsb.
They're always cheerful & helpful so i enjoy the service i receive.
I always go inside the bank so i can work with a regular teller.
Seriously, i am absolutely so grateful that i stumbled upon this establishment prior to my trip to ireland.
Best part about this place, there is no fee for the exchange!
I've been their customer for over 2 years and have always enjoyed my service and premiums!
Not a bank of america fan, but this was somewhat nice.
It was just convenient and better than the other one on blue diamond.
We're from out of town and don't have midfirst bank there.
However, we found ourselves in the chandler area on a saturday buying a used car from a private party.
We needed to withdraw a large amount of cash, but our bank doesn't have branches open on the weekend.
Midfirst bank saved the day!
If we had a midfirst bank branch in our hometown, i would seriously consider switching.
They were so pleasant, helpful, and accessible.
I was here yesterday and was so impressed with the customer service.
I brought my 81 year old mother in to open an account.
They were patient, respectful and amazingly patient with her.
There isn't much customer service around these days, but he was amazing!!!
I just wish i could remember his name..
He sits at a desk in front, dark hair, glasses and a great personality!!!
I would recommend this bank to anyone.
I have been with them for almost 4 years, no problems.
This is refreshing !!
Much better insurance companies than state farm and much better agents than mark in las vegas.
Mark will not return your emails or your phone calls.
Don't waste your time by getting over charged by state farm or mark.
Very disappointing that of customer of 16 years gets treated like this so beware of companies like state farm.
Someone needs to pay for all of those million dollar ads during all of the nfl football games.
Unfortunately this is the first time out of the 8 years with chase, that i have had a unpleasant experience.
Chase bank always strives to meet all their customer needs but not this time!
It's the first friday of the month!
Waiting here easily 20 minutes to get seen.
We just want to make our last minute roth ira contribution.
They apologized but they don't have nearly the perks for the big consumer customers.
I bet business customers get the fancy service.
It also very noisy in here with very little privacy for most the folks opening and servicing accounts.
That dejaanay chick needs to work on her manners.
Didn't process my transaction right the first time.
I had to re-sign in & have her re-do it.
She then slides my card across the table.
I handed you my card physically.
Have the decency & manners to do the same.
Otherwise, just proceed & wait for george.
There's a reason why her recommended reviews were cut off by yelp.
The branch is still a 5 star location with, 3 star privacy & decent average wait times.
However, closed on weekends n customer service ends with business day times.
Good luck if you get stuck out of town.
Friday afternoons, starting about 3pm the line snakes around and around almost to the door.
And you're lucky if there are 4 folks helping - there are often 3.
One time i was standing in line almost 40 minutes.
And more folks here are waiting to talk to someone at a desk than any other bank i've ever been.
And wow that seems to take a long time.
Of course, i've never seen more than 2 people at their desks to help folks at a time.
Gotta say though - not having direct deposit for awhile was quite the eye opener.
The pens often don't even work half the time.
This location is busy all the time.
You know it's making tons of money for them.
My agent is celia and she is wonderful.
She is very informative and her service is always on point.
I have referred friends and family and they have gotten really good quotes for cars and homes.
I would recommend calling this agency to anyone that is looking for any kind of insurance and get a quote.
This is my "go to" spot for exchanging foreign currency.
Whenever i travel abroad i do some research on exchange rates in the country i'm visiting vs this joint.
I called prior to driving down here and asked what the exchange rate was.
They were offering 6.53 rmb to 1 usd.
Not a bad deal!
I'll pay the small vig for the convenience of dealing with someone in my home country where communication is easy.
One of the bad things about this place is the parking.
If you're a visitor, you have to park in the underground parking garage.
That's the last place you want to walk to after converting a lot of currency.
Which leads me to my second complaint about this place.....there's no privacy.
(see pics)  not a cool situation if you're counting a lot of money on the counter.
I've always felt uncomfortable in that sense.
Overall value - they offer great exchange rates, i'm always satisfied with the value they offer.
Unless a better option presents itself, there's no doubt i'll be back!
1 person catering 20 in queue at cashier.
4 people in seated banking section for over 30 mins
I recieved financial advise from one nevada credit union, serene branch.
Teresa popp introduced me to danny, their financial advisor.
He gave me great advise and offered his services with my financial situation.
The service i recieved from these two individuals was 5 stars and 2 thumbs up.
I have more knowledge regarding my financial options.
Great products and great customer service will always keep me a member.
I will definately continue to bank with one nevada credit union and recommend this institution to everyone.
Thank you teresa and danny!
I found this place via yelp.
I needed pesos for my trip to mexico.
I remember this location cuz i took a licensing exam in the same building in the past.
Pros: they have a wide variety of international currencies.
You just need to call them in advance.
The more popular ones, call asap.
They don't charge a fee like banks.
Really quick in & out service.
Free parking with validation.
Cons: i've had better service elsewhere.
No greeting at all.
She looked at me weird when i said i was in to pick up my money.
And she was irritated that i changed the amount to exchange.
So sorry u hate your job (or life)!
Go work somewhere else if u hate it that much!
If u can get past the attitude, this place is perfect!
Matt was a dream to sit next to for an hour while setting up my account.
He is so kind and easy to talk to and doesn't feel like you're talking to a robot.
He helped me get my business account up and running smoothly!
Super grateful for this chase bank experience
They always only have 1-2 people helping the line but tons more are standing around.
Whatever you do, do not open an account at this branch.
The customer service here is absolutely horrible.
Everyone behind the counter treats their customer's like they are beneath them - incredibly condescending.
They will just star blankly at you and blame their lack of being able to do something on "the system."
It's a shame, big banking has destroyed this bank.
Fees and more fees.
Bbva compass has joined the ranks of banking zombies, you are a number and and not  a person.
The staff at this branch is misinformed and poorly communicated changes.
I don't think they even knew what bbva was doing next month for fees.
$10 lost a 10 year customer.
My advice, never pay banking fees.
I like the fact that this is inside a safeway.
Not because it's safeway, but because they have longer banking hours than typical.
Plus, starbucks is inside too!
Right next to the wells fargo.
The people are nice and the lines have never been long for me.
They usually have candy or bottle water too.
Over the top customer service!
I had an issue with a client who banked with bofa.
I needed to go into this branch many times over a three week period.
Each and every time i was treated with politeness, courtesy and respect.
They properly and promptly handled my issue even though i personally was not even a bofa client!
I want to especially thank jasmine s. and matt d. for their exceptional customer service.
When it comes time for me to open any new accounts, etc.
It will be here!
I got insurance with sam about a year ago  and the process was absolutely seamless.
Thank you all so much!
Joellen has been great, but she needs to address this with her company.
Called for roadside assistance tow at 5 p.m. - they have some 3rd party company that handles this.
Was told charity towing would be there in two hours, sent a number for them by text.
Needed to make sure they sent a flatbed, so called charity.
Number was for their voice mail system and useless for a consumer.
Looked them up on-line, same worthless number on their website.
Apparently they only work for other companies and not end-consumers.
Was with the car the whole time and nobody called.
Don't know if it was charity or the agent company that was lying - makes no real difference to me.
Was told they would call several companies and get someone there.
20 minutes later i get a text that says charity is coming at 9:45 p.m.
Called back and told them that was a waste of time and no way they were sending charity.
They apologized and said they needed a 30 minute window, so set it up for 7:30-8:00 am this morning.
7:00 this morning i have no call or text about a tow so i called these losers back.
If you need a tow, call for your own and send state farm the bill!
As a coldwell banker real estate professional i amvery cautious about the services i refer my clients to.
Joellen james & state farm are one team that i feel great about  endorsing.
One thing we want from an insurance agent is everything, right?
I cannot say enough great things about my experience with toni!!
My husband and i were moving to cleveland from los angeles in september.
We were driving out and needed renters insurance when we arrived in a few days.
Now a month later we are closing on our house and needed home owners quickly for our loan.
Toni was on it!
I can't say enough about toni!
She truly cares, is super responsive and has a positive attitude that makes even insurance a pleasure.
Now if the bmv was so easy...
I can't say enough about this bank and this branch.
No atm fees ever.
Extended saturday hours and open on sunday!
Everyone knows your name.
David - one of the personal bankers is amazing.
Helpful, personable and even made opening an account for my kids an educational and fun experience.
Truly a community bank with a personal focus.
Not much to say here except upsells and slooooow... always slow here - at least they're consistent though lol.
That's about all i got... *shrug*
Melvin was a pleasure to work with.
I already feel great about my decision to open my account with this branch.
Wanting a new loan or product?
They will treat you like royalty.
Will be closing all my accounts with chase.
Christina ramos is rude and unwilling to help to customers unless it directly impacts her bonus.
Want to a teller, get prepared to wait 15 mins.
Calling ahead to make an appointment?
Won't matter since they don't answer the phone.
What's worse is they will refer you to another branch for servicing.
All about the bottom line at this branch.
This particular pnc branch always seems to have a teller in training.
Doing business in this branch makes me really really nervous.
I don't use the foreign currency exchange services at this location anymore and here's why.
In the summer just 5 days prior to my vacation i went into this branch to order canadian dollars.
Orders must be placed 2 business days in advance.
I am giving three stars for such a quick turn around time.
I specifically requested $3000.00 cad, the teller in training placed the the order for $1836.00.
I kept quiet though i didn't want to frazzle her even more.
Another teller tried to help here out, but it still came out wrong.
Just moved back from san diego and have to take care of my parents estate in fountain hills.
Best move i could of made.
The team of david, mark, erin, manny, treated me professionally, with honesty and integrity.
These people are highly knowledgeable, friendly, and know their business.
Myself and family would not consider going any where else.
They are first a loan, jewelry and pawn company, but they are also experts in dispersing estate items.
Biltmore is the best!
I would give this bank negative stars if i could.
Pardon my language but what this bank did to me should get them shit down by the federal trade commission.
They just decide to shit down my account without telling me, notifying me or anything.
They sent a letter that i was set to receive two weeks after the fact.
All of his after i have a vehicle financed through them and a credit card with them.
Trying to talk to someone on the phone was the worst customer experience of my life!
All i kept getting was canned answers on every single question.
And it took two weeks to get the money that was in my account.
Still to this day they will not tell me what happened.
I have contacted the attorney general!
I have contacted a lawyer, and am going to pursue this til i get answers.
Every person i talked to at this branch dos nothing but give me the run around.
I am warning you.
Please don't use this branch.
Please don't use this bank.
I received democrat literature/propaganda from the culinary union almost daily for voteing 2018 this election year.
I would like to tell you that when taxes are raised, as they will be, this will raise your rent.
As wages are increased the job pool will be decreased, this making less jobs and less union members.
When minimum wage is increased so will the cost of living; food, rent, utilities, dining out, etc.
Do not change currency anywhere else.
Other places do not compete with this place at all.
The staff are friendly and knowledgable and the rates they charge are second to none.
They charge a rate always within 1-5% of the actual wholesale exchange rate on a currency and no fees.
Way better than other places that often charge a rate well above the market rate and add a fee.
Basically 1% below the market rate.
Hands down the best currency exchange place i have ever seen anywhere.
Great place to exchange money before leaving for an international trip!
Although this place is a little difficult to find, once there they provide fast and friendly service.
I'll be visiting this place again when going on another trip.
I've never had to walk out of a bank of america before this one.
It is understaffed, and just inappropriately slow.
The first time i walked out went like this.
I told him "wiring money" , he tells me to go ahead and wait in line to see a teller.
40 minutes later i finally get up to the cashier cage.
She said......"no sir, i'm sorry, they're checked in ahead of you" .
She apologized again and said "you're all checked in now, shouldn't be too long".
Haha, not too long indeed , i was 5th in line to see the one banking specialist.
So i left, it shouldn't take 2 hours of bs to get helped at a bank .
Ok, venting partially completed.
Oh yeah, i asked if there was a bathroom,  "not for customers".
It's such a bank like thing to do.
Final word - avoid.
While this is not the legal definition of "discrimination", it certainly feels like it.
Good customer and location.
They also have a drive through and an outside atm.
I had to go inside for my transaction.
The line moved fairly quickly and i was out pretty fast.
Don't have anything to complain about at all.
Very friendly staff and great place to get gas and other things such as snacks and drinks.
Hands down the nicest q-trip i've been too!
Looks new and reminds me of an east coast fancier version of wawa!
They have lots of food, a snack bar and tons of candy!!
It's an amazing 7-11 on steroids!
I always feel like a burden when i arrive with my money form our coffee business.
The manager on duty doesn't ever seem to want to acknowledge the waiting clients.
Used to be my favorite branch , not any more!
Always very short on people, and super long lines!!!!
Dirtiest bathrooms on earth.
I really wish management and the phoenix pd would do something about the homeless transient people in this area.
Absolutely unacceptable to see a homeless person take a cowboy splash in the bathroom.
Another individual outside in some kind of cart contraption.
I don't understand why every time i come in here there's only 1 teller open?
How about have that gentlemen asking people in line what kind of transaction we're doing just open a window?
Idk it's just a suggestion if you're supposed to be all about customer service?
Will not be coming back or do business at this branch.
This barnes & noble is just like every other one out there... except bigger.
Each of the times i've been in this location, i've experienced great service.
It's located in the san tan mall, on the south end, right on williams field rd.
Insurance does not take care of leaks in your house.
Never can get a hold of jared to talk to him always someone else.
I love this bank, they have never given me a hassle  about any thing.
They even let me bring my dog in and never a complaint
Also on there website they have kbb icons posted every where stating "that's what they go by".
There price was $26,500.
Save yourself a couple grand and look elsewhere.
Also on there website they have kbb icons posted every where stating "that's what they go by".
The tahoe has some upgrades done to it so i figured 21k at most...
Do not and i repeat do not buy from these people!!!!
There so called "extended warranty" that cost around $2000 is an absolute joke.
There vehicles are over priced, there service department is a joke, and there warranties are bs.
Go to a dealer, any dealer besides this one.
!stay away from this place!!!
If you take in consideration that the car was involved in a  accident the value is even lower.
Any way, terrible experience i will not recommend this place no anyone
Meh, its a bank.
Short wait time, staff was helpful.
I had to make a deposit for a friend.
Easy in and on my way.
The tellers are courteous and the location is safe; there's not more that you could ask for.
Very long lines and slow tellers.
Should've gone to my branch a t safeway at horizon branch.
Really like the manager there.
It cost me 1/2 hour of my life that could've been done in 10 minutes - ugh!
I began to deal with wells fargo because my girl scout troop banks there.
They know me by name when i walk in and are always willing to help me out.
When told we were in limbo because we had just ordered new checks and hated to waste that money.
They quickly offered to provide me with new checks.
Izzy has be amazing and has helped us move everything over.
I look forward to banking here.
Sleek new branch with slick and functional atm machines.
Great corner convenience if you're headed east or south.
Not so much, the other way (justification for )
I have accounts at both chase and wells fargo.
Wells fargo is a complete nightmare.
Every time i go into this branch i have issues.
When first opening up our accounts the atm cards we received did not properly line up to our accounts.
Once we got that settled, our online banking did not work.
It took four trips to the bank to get everything working okay.
Now, many times when i use online banking the site times out on me going from one page to another.
Trying to pay two bills took me logging in three times.
Hate this bank and will be moving my accounts elsewhere.
We recently purchased a new home.
Ricky khamis and chris arbuckle were fantastic.
Our loan rate changed from our initial conversation and i've read that many felt they were deceived, we were not.
Ricky was constant in his communication and we felt certain he was doing his very best for us.
The team that worked on our behalf were professional.
And in the end of the day and the transaction that made all the difference.
And to top the whole thing off they had pizza delivered on moving day for my kids!
Well done and cheers to them!
I have accounts at both chase and wells fargo.
Chase is by far the superior of the two.
The employees at this location are extremely friendly.
Many know us by name, and several have said hi when running into us in the grocery store, church, etc.
I appreciate their friendliness and great customer service and will bank here for a long time to come.
I just completed my mortgage refinance and it went great.
Jeff and shana walked me thru the entire process.
Done on time and no issues.
I would work with this team any time.
I am sooooo excited, it's my lucky day!
I saw a heaping stack of silver dollar coins and a stack of fifty cent pieces as well.
My daughter's coin collection is so sweet now.
Don't worry, i'm taking them straight to the safe deposit box.
This is going to be insanely valuable.
Thanks to my visit at the bank today, my 3 year old daughter now owns coins from elvis presley's hay-day.
Thanks so much to whoever gave their collection to chase.
Got my currency changed here when visiting on a trip.
Service was excellent and the staff was really friendly
The staff here really helped my girlfriend.
Tanya the teller notice some weird transactions on her card we didn't even know about.
Went out of her way to show us everything even with a little line.
Greg helped us handle everything.
They both were patience and awesome and just saved her a headache!
This has been my bank for years, it only gets better as the members increase.
There's atms everywhere, few charges, free checking and best of all online check deposit.
Most everyone is very friendly and helpful, never any problems here!
Sending me spam emails repeatedly asking to provide me financing.
I don't know where he got my name but it was not from me or my business partners.
Insurance agents get licensed for a reason...except it seems like at this branch they don't know what they are doing.
Yes i'm not perfect and i had my insurance lapse.
I called the office back after receiving a courtesy call regarding my insurance coverage.
A guy answered and i asked him what it would cost to get my insurance back since it got cancelled.
He asked for my name and said he was pulling up my account.
He gave me a price so i paid it.
Oh yeah he apologizes for the mistake...what a joke!!!
Stay away from this branch!!
This bank is the absolute worst.
I came in over the weekend and they only had one banker working in the branch.
For my first time ever going into a chase branch in extremely disappointed of the lack of service they provide.
Being a client with the cathay bank for 3 years since it opens at vegas.
I really appreciate their excellent services.
The stuff is very helpful and professional.
Manger  mr. golden and nissha always nice  and patient  .
Ms. nissha is very warm , precise, patiently answers every question we asked about our business account.
The teller odet always smiles at the client.
Ms. fuqi is happy and joyful while she helps the client.
She helps me open my 2 credits cards.
The whole stuff has such a positive working attitude i have learned.
My company have been with them for years.
I opened my both saving and checking account with cathay bank since they have such  good services.
I still refer my friends and co-workers to  open  accounts with the bank.
I just want to say thanks for their dedicated services.
Nevada state bank is just implemented a new higher fee for cashing a check if you are a non-account holder.
It used to be five dollars it is now eight dollars.
They're charging you eight dollars just to cash a check made out to you by one of their account holders.
This is complete bullshit pardon my language, and their customers should be out raged for charging fees like that.
This is one of the reasons why i will never bank here.
This place is horrible!!
12 people in line with two tellers and 3 bankers standing around talking!
Talk about horrible customer service!
And instead of jumping on a freaking window they talking about going to lunch!
Least favorite of all branches i've been too!
So i left very annoyed,  and went to the cactus and reems location .
Got approved right away without any troubles.
Which leads me to think he just didn't feel like getting it done.
So happy with how quick and easy the other location was for me.
Don't go to this shitty location save yourself the hassle and swing by cactus and reems .
Can i give them zero stars?
I made an appointment online to set up a safe deposit box.
The appointment was for 9:00 am.
She tells me to go sit, and someone will be with me shortly.
Meanwhile, another customer comes in looking for a notary.
We don't have one."
When he asks where he might find one, she has no answer for that.
"well, it just kind of depends..." he left, very frustrated, and i was frustrated for him.
She did not offer an apology, or offer any sort of assistance.
I mean, expecting your bank to have a notary is not unrealistic.
At this point, i'd been waiting for my appointment for 10 minutes.
I flagged the girl down and asked how long it would be.
They'll get to you soon."
I explained that i had other things to do this morning, and couldn't stay past 9:30.
She then told me that there was no way they could set up a safe deposit box in 30 minutes.
I then said i'd have to leave then.
"ok."  no offer to set up another appointment.
No apology for the delay.
Why bothering offering appointments if people are just going to have to sit.
Its especially aggravating when you can see lots of employees just milking around and gossiping.
Needless to say, i'll open my safe deposit box elsewhere.
This bank is horrible, always a long waiting line, even if there's 3 people in line they take for ever.
What a great experience with a sweet knowledgable arlene bark.
Thank you for your kindness and help.
Giving it 2.5 stars because my fsr decided to stop responding to my emails.
Ummm ok, i guess my inquiries aren't that important anymore.
Time to look for another person i can go to.
This location makes me want to change banks.
They never have enough tellers!
And the lazy manager there does nothing but stand around and watch people work.
I hate this bank!
I really really need to go somewhere else!
I have received excellent service from the staff here.
I really thought mr. basha took very good care of me and my accounts.
We bought 2 cars through julio and had the fastest and easiest experience.
Their cars are amazing and the service is amazing!!!!
If you have your investments here, please be sure to close your accounts before you die.
The place was a little hard to find my first time.
You really can't see it until you're passing it or you turn directly onto the street.
They are extremely nice and aren't crazy busy like most other wells fargos(probably because people can't find it.
I come to this bank every month to pay rent, and every month i am disappointed.
The line is always out the door and moving extremely slow.
This is the worst branch of the worst bank i have ever dealt with.
This is a chronic problem i have dealt with for over 10 years.
There has never been a pleasant, efficient transaction....and i am sure there never will be.
Staff the branch according to foot traffic or just freakin' close it already!
Do you read any of these comments?
Great service each and every time!!
The service is great, which makes up for their understaffed team.
Everyone and the manager have a great attitude and are very willing to help.
Not the bank i frequent, but definitely helpful since its the closest to home!
She showed no care whatsoever, nothing at all, not a am sorry this happened to you.
What are the typical hours a bank is busiest during a weekday???
Been sitting for 45 minutes waiting for 1 of the only 2 non tellers to help me out.
O wait....two dudes in ties just slowly walked in from lunch, went to their offices.....and closed their doors.
Does our federal gov now own wells???
Time to explore some credit union options.
Horrible branch, they cant even do a bank xfer...failed twice.
Never called and said we can't do it either also ...pathetic
If i could give this branch zero stars i would.
Having business accounts and prior mortgage i expected this bank to be more courteous.
They post online that the bank is open until 6pm when it really closes at 5 pm.
I'm taking my accounts elsewhere; i hope some do the same.
Worked with this company both as a buyer and seller -  avoid them at all costs.
This company's closing dates are illusory.
I refuse to ever do business with these folks again.
This bank gets a total of five stars from me.
They are professional and on point.
I love this wells fargo in my book its the best location in vegas.
They are taking the drive-up away effective june 08th 2015.
Mind you i frequent this banking center several times a week!
The staff has started to become slightly friendlier but the manager is beyond difficult to deal with!
She truly treats your business as if it is an interruption to her day!
I've banked all over town and this bank is by far the best in customer service and bank fees.
The location is a bit out of the way but they do offer a great option for online banking.
If your a business customer they also have an option to do remote deposits!
They have an atm on the outside of the branch so you can make deposits after hours or withdraw cash.
Today finoa helped me and she was friendly and fast.
There was no line and so i was in and out.
The bank is just off the 215 on west russell and has a large parking lot.
Scott was excellent in getting out loan approved.
We got the approval and closed about a week later (4/20/16).
Fantastic with updates and keeping us informed, was present at our closing as well.
Thank you again, the professionalism was much appreciated.
I love how the 24 hour atm service has the cash deposits built in.
This is a great convenience for tipped employees being we carry so much cash to the bank all the time.
Reliable auto sales is a bait and switch company!
Facts internet cash price states one thing then the next day when you go to purchase they raise the price.
The worst place to purchase a car.
Please take your business elsewhere.
This review is for outside only.
Both on same side/lane?
Poor choice of construction,  regardless of the exit median.
If multiple cars you get stuck behind someone in front of you... and you have already completed your transaction!
Out of the choices offered, this branch is one of the nicer branches.
The staff are friendly, professional and love the ability to park in front of the bank.
When visiting family or working on this side of town i love using this chase.
It is one of the few that has a drive-thru atm.
I don't have to get out of my car or anything.
I went inside once last year and the staff was friendly and the bank was clean.
I pretty much use the handy dandy drive-thru atm.
I want to thank linda m. for contacting me on this matter and for being so helpful.
She was very understanding and made everything a lot easier experience with this onenevada branch.
I am updating this review because i do believe not everyone should suffer for one person's actions.
I highly recommend this branch now due to linda.
Thank you again for your help.
**i don't even know where to begin.
I normally don't name names, but i do believe this is a time to do so.
First of all, i don't appreciate how you handled or lack thereof my husband's business.
When he left, you simply said everything is done.
I have called 5 times.
Thank goodness someone helped us after the 5th hour.
My husband was going to be late for work.
Rosie, i am breaking up with onenevada.
Your customer service skills need help.
I'll be back on saturday to close our account.
I hope this will help you to grow and learn how to handle a professional situation.
I only hope for the best.
If fraud happens on your account.
They will do nothing to help.
Bank of wasting my time is what their name should be changed to.
I recently opened an account online with bank of america.
After nearly completing the application, my computer timed out.
Going through all of the mail items (5 separate pieces of mail!
I asked why the account was being closed, and she told me that it was due to suspicious activity.
She told me that it was suspicious i hadn't returned the paperwork right away.
It had only been a week since the application had been submitted online, and somehow that was suspicious???
I asked to speak with a manager, and have currently been holding for 50 minutes.
I'm glad that branches are still available to where you can talk to somebody in person about your needs.
Because, you cannot always find your answer online.
Or, schedule an appointment for the next day.
The ability to submit documents electronically and communicate through email is very convenient and accommodating to my busy schedule.
Thanks stan, thanks stephanie!
This bank is a joke!!!!
If you are american and working here in toronto, i would recommend you not use this bank!!
They promise everything as if it can happen without issues, but you'll run into problem after problem.
I've also been into the bank 5 times with no resolve;  which has been even more frustrating.
I wish they had more atm's.
They have 2 drive up ones that always have a line.
No outside one out front or anywhere else.
This chase does not know that customer service is.
I've called them multiple times right at open and no answer.
I called about an hour and a half after open multiple times still no answer.
Now i have to drive to the bank to get one question answered.
Not only is that a waste of my time but also other customers that may have a more concerning issue.
Moved to this agent, as i had a previous horrible experience with my previous agent.
Staff is knowledgeable, professional and always responds to any questions i may have.
I will definitely recommend this agent to friends and family.
Roger is a very easy person to speak to and really explains why a policy fluctuates and what to expect.
State farm needs more agents like him.
Do not bank with midfirst if you're a student!
And, probably in any other situation.
I was never notified in any way that my account was over-drafted.
Now, a couple weeks later, i owe them over $55 in overdrafts!
This is a student account.
Any other bank would have helped me out with this.
I've had several other student accounts with other banks.
Save yourself the grief of outlandish charges that you are not informed about and go to any other bank.
I want to note that this is not a reflection on any particular branch, it's the bank itself.
They do have very nice employees.
In have worked with roger for many years now with my personal insurance as well as my companies insurance.
Great guy who actually cares about what is best for you.
I highly advise using roger, just give him a call and see for yourself!
I'm most familiar with the atm at this location.
Solid workers, good location and they make sure everything goes smoothly and all is well.
I absolutely love this bank location -- why?
Cuz david cruz is the most amazing banker everrr!!!
Exceptional customer service and goes above and beyond to help.
They were able to fix my credit and debit card problems when the branch on rue university couldn't.
Unlike that branch, they were able to solve everything without asking too many questions, and they were patient.
Best service i ever received at a financial institution.
Bonus, the supervisor helping me out was a very attractive young man.
So 5 stars instead of 4, despite having only gone there once.
It's all chase banks!
It's worse than going to a car dealership.
"no, i do not have banking account with you."
"no, i am not interested in opening one up."
"because, i like my current [credit union] bank."
If anything these damn employees are just driving me away from ever wanting to have anything to do with them.
This is the branch closest to me so i've been quite a bit!
Maybe i happen to come at off-peak times, because they've always been pretty fast.
The last couple visits where i've actually had to go in, there was no line.
They always know what they're doing though & they're professional.
When i had to meet with a banker he was personable & very helpful!
Went in here on a friday morning to get some cash because i didn't have my debit card.
Absolutely embarrassing that this company doesn't care about the customers or the employees to give them adequate staffing.
This bank offers free online banking to its customers, there's always a problem with it!
This problem #4 in less then a month!
I'm not changing username or password, its their problem on their end!
I rely on this and need access to it asap!
Just another bank going down the tubes!
1 teller and the line till the door.
3 people behind teller and no one takes responsibility to help other clients to speed up the process.
Very bad customer service.
Worst bank service ever!!!
First of all there will be 4 employees there ready to help.
But only 1 open teller, regardless of how long the line is.
Today was the worst customer service experience.
I ask for a manager and she comes over with nothing but attitude!
So i walk over to the atm, deposit my check,no problem!
I will never go here again.
5 pm today (friday) and a long line with 2 tellers that worked through it super quickly!
This location is small with tile flooring.
Vanessa (i think was her name) was really nice, but this was extremely intrusive.
She asked questions in a loud perky voice, and as a result everyone in line could hear your personal business.
And she tries to make it personal by asking personal questions.
Bank of america this is extremely inappropriate.
Why didn't i think of that?
The 5 of us in line proceeded to discuss how odd and uncomfortable the whole experience with that was.
No offense to vanessa, but it was extremely offensive to us.
I still feel uncomfortable.
I guess the bank itself is fine, i'm just very disappointed that they don't have a notary service anymore.
I guess i'll go elsewhere.
Waiting for the 3rd time to do a name change.
Even have another appointment this is the slowest bank in town.
Thinking it's time to find another bank
Currency exchange can be done on the premise during normal operating hours.
+atm doors do not shut completely
For starters the car selection isn't what it used to be and the cars that are there are way overpriced.
#poor management #horrible car selection #unmotivated staff #terrible customer service i wouldn't  refer my worst enemy to this dump.
This branch was one of the best for many years.
I loved this bank, the tellers were friendly and they serviced the customers efficiently with little to no wait.
Now it's a whole new operation with a terrible manager with no clue!!
He allows poor customer service and long lines.
No open disclosure on those, then at the end of the month they appear on your bank statement.
This is borderline illegal and should be investigated by the attorney general.
I'm paying about $250+ a month in fees for the privilege to deposit my cash and get some change.
I'm leaving and closing all accounts.
Just stopped by to use the atm.
Not a lot of other big bank branches in the immediate area.
Slowest and most incompetent staff of any bank i've ever been too.
Opened a new account in less than 30 minutes.
Comes with amazing benefits such as retirement accounts and good loan rates for a new car or house.
The man who helped me seemed rush to be done with me so that's why i gave 4 stars.
The bankers at cathay bank are very friendly and efficient.
We came here for a wire transfer to escrow, and the bankers here offered very professional help.
We got everything done in 5 minutes.
The bofa across the street is terrible, 45 mins wait for a simple wire transfer.
Omg anyway, i couldn't thanks cathay bank more for their excellent service.
Their banker, kevin even give me a good follow up the next day.
I would recommend this bank to my clients.
Supervisor celeste was extremely rude and no help whatsoever.
If your bills can wait and your life can be put on hold until us bank has money, join them!
Tim and lacy are simply the best!!
I could not have asked for a more professional and responsive team.
I would use people's mortgage again and again -- and i will when i am ready to refinance.
I do not like wells fargo banks!
I have a business account here that has myself and my 2 other business partners on it.
The only interaction i ever really need to have is depositing rent checks- that's it.
It should be so simple, but for some reason it never is!
For reals, it takes me about 5-7 minutes (yes i have timed it) once i am at the teller window.
So today, i walk in and hand over my check and my slip.
I do it, realizing later that i just confirmed some marketing departments opportunity to flood me with crap mail.
Then she asks me to confirm my name... yes my name.
Looooooooong pause........ more typing.
"you're all set, have a great day, sorry i stole 7 minutes of your life" (i added that last part).
Wells fargo, i am not your fan!
Buying a new car when you are 21 is not easy!
And if you got the right resource such as alexa, you are in great hands.
She's very flexible, professional, and respectful.
My experience at bofa very lovely and i thank alexa for that!
Hats off to you!
You missed out mid first.
I went there to cash 2 checks that were drawn off of mid first.
So apparently it cost $7.50 per check to cash.. ok fine i get it.. it is a little steep though.
But hey were to busy taking my 15 bucks to cash 2 checks totaling $400.
Guess i'll take my money down the street and open an account with some one that wants my business.
Had a great experience with holly making my banking quick and easy!!
Made my day and it's rare to get great customer service these days but this bank has it down!
I visit this b of a twice a week to make deposits and always use the drive-thru.
Yesterday i timed my visit.
Took exactly 2min47sec at drive thru.
They never seem to make me jump thru hoops when i drive up, so i'll keep using them.
Kept it at 3 stars because i don't know how they treat you inside.
The costumer service on this bank i terrible.
People are rude and specially a lady called melissa young who should take a course of how to treat people.
Ricky with amerifirst financial is so great to work with!
Always responds to calls and questions in a very timely manner.
Its always such a pleasure to work with ricky and his entire team!
The slowest service i ever had when dealing for depositing money.
Prefer to do it through atm, but the machine always got screwed.
Waiting the line just forever.
Still using the service just cause next to my place.
Simply no acknowledgement at all!
Is that so hard just to glance a second and say "hi".
And then keep laughing the whole day as you wish.
Or maybe this is the courtesy what mr. wells refer to?
Tellers at this branch are fantastic, friendly and efficient.
Financial advisors are terrible!
Unorganized, not very informative and lack confidence to reassure us how to invest.
Today, we walked to our "supposedly 8am" appt in the heat!
Upon arrival, they tell us our appt is pushed back to 9am.
We sat and waited only to hear the other advisor is running late please come back at 4pm!!
2 hours wasted on a work day for no service.
How can such a huge bank like td have such poor and lousy unorganized service?!
Please re-evaluate your staff at this location or re-hire a better branch manager!
This bank is the worst.
It doesn't matter how many tellers their are, it's always backed up.
It always take me at least 15 minutes before i'm even at the front of the line.
The customer service varies from day to day depending on who i get.
Others are nice, proces my transaction and have a general sense of kindness.
The teller, who is aptly named champagne, made my day.
She was friendly and very professional and i was very impressed with her enthusiasm and passion for her job.
She is a huge asset to this bank.
I was impressed enough to call her manager to praise her.
I'm always going to prefer a credit union over a traditional bank.
Don't ask me why - it's just what i do.
I never had to come in.
The process was easy and fast!
When you visit this location, there's a counter to sign in at if you need to talk to an employee.
Otherwise, walk to one of the tellers, fill out form and shoot your stuff in the tube up the hole.
They talk to via a screen.
You can pick up the phone for privacy.
I recently needed to apply for a car loan and my first thought was to go through my credit union.
But if i had known how easy they would have made it- it would have been my only thought.
The pre-approval process took 5 minutes.
But i walked out like woah, did that really happen that fast?
So i purchased a car, went back to the bank to sign the purchase and finance paperwork.
That whole process again - super fast.
She literally had everything ready for me and it was the easiest process ever.
I got a stellar rate.
I'm hardly paying any money towards interest.
Hands down a winner in my book!
I have a last minute check that i need right now.
My bank wants to put a hold on it, understandable, but i need the money now.
So, i have to find a bank of america.
I walk to one nearby my school, they can't do it.
They suggest i go to this location.
I high tail it over there.
They close at 5:00, its 5:03.
A very kind woman is locking the door as i rush up.
The woman at the other branch had not mentioned that they close at 5:00.
I slump over, defeated.
Then this angel looks at me, turns the key the other way, opens the door, and waves me in.
Cash in hand i left, crisis averted.
Bank of america, the employees at this location are saints.
They saved my life, or at least my gpa as that money went  towards desperately needed school books.
This branch is now on my christmas card list.
I used this company to finance my photo booth purchase.
I've had an auto withdrawal for the monthly payments for over a year for the same dollar amount.
Suddenly this month, i'm hit with an additional $100+ charge with no warning.
They stated it's a property tax.
I'm completely disgusted at how they think it's ok to just suddenly deduct more without any prior notice.
I went there recently to discuss options for my new business and peter was a one stop shop.
He and walked me through my business account and what i needed.
He even had all the information printed and ready for me to sign before i walked in the door.
Then, he contacted the other departments to help get me set up with insurance and a merchant account.
I highly recommend this branch.
Extremely proficient and highly recommended.
My banker moved from stephanie to this crappy location!
I can no longer reach her because for a week this location has answered their phone!!!!
I love chase and my banker .
But, if i can't get service anymore... why keep them
Thieves with suits in this location.
Bank with them since 2009 and decided to close my accounts with them yesterday.
They lied to me saying they resolved an issue a year ago and it turned out they didn't.
And now i have to deal with this headache
I usually always go here.
There is sometimes a wait and no matter how often i come in they never recognize me.
Taylor is the personal banker assisted me today.
He was very helpful and kind.
He had all the paperwork ready before i got there.
It was all a smooth process.
Follow up to previous review.
Spoke to 2 more branch managers without any answers.
Fully documented sale and they never asked me any questions .
Will steer as many people away from chase as i can,
First i called and asked the branch if they had a notary in house.
They did and she was taking clients as they walked in.
Got there, and there was no line at all.
I was immediately brought to the notary that they had, meegan.
She was very nice and it was a super quick process.
As a note this branch is inside albertsons but it had a teller and banking areas.
The lady at the info desk was sooo rude!
And she didn't help at all.
Always go to brimley&sheppard branch.
More experienced staff there
Even though this is not my bank, i go to bank of america every month to deposit rent.
That is the reason for the second star.
The teller does not know what she is doing.
Had to go back for the same thing twice.
They need to train their tellers.
We made the mistake of getting a construction loan through this bank to renovate our house.
First off, we were approved for the loan in early august, however, they couldn't get their paperwork completed until december.
All in all, we almost lost our contractor mid project because of the difficulty of working with this bank.
If you have any other options, go with your other options.
You can thank me later.
I use bank of america as a business account not a personal account.
They are nice and friendly and i love that they have a much faster and smaller merchant line.
Not so thrilled when it comes to personal accounts though considering their past history.
My husband held a personal account for a while but was quick to close it down
This bank really has the worst setup in terms of atms.
This causes a long wait time every time because you're always waiting for someone to finish.
Avoid using the atms here at all costs.
The bank is nice.
The atmosphere inside is very great.
The staff are super friendly and are extremely knowledgeable.
I have been banking here for a few years now, and i love it!
If you're going to hold my money hostage without manager approval, then you should have a manager be present!!!
Or at least one at the nearest branch.
What a waste of my time!
I seriously can't believe this experience.
(us bank in qc, az - and called the whole state looking for a manager).
Zero stars... don't come here if your in a hurry expect to wait in line.
Plus there's no parking!
Everyone i've encountered at this location has been great.
The problem is desert school's online banking!
Fast forward to almost 2016 and for some reason they still cannot figure it out!
It's so frustrating that i might actually switch banks.
Every single time i've needed to sign on and make a transfer etc.
It says online banking is temporarily unavailable... every.
It works about 40 percent of the time if that!
Figure it out already desert schools, you're losing customers because you can't do what every other bank is doing successfully!
Transparency is what rings the most here.
I set up my first ever credit card with chase bank on their unlimited freedom card.
I was explained all fees (if applicable), all interest rates and what my best option was.
The only reason i wanted a credit card was to simply build my credit.
I would recommend this card for any first time credit card users!
No notice just closed it!
I have my refund from my taxes going into this account.
The teller tells me that when i opened the account they should have told me.
That was over 7 years ago!
How am i supposed to remember that from 7 years ago.
I guess being a loyal customer doesn't count for anything these days!
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
The level of service, competitiveness of rates and ease of communication is genuinely outstanding.
Just an fyi :)
Convenient... just the way i like my men (ha, joking of course)
This is not a dealer you should buy a car from.
Instead, you will be told to get out.
Seriously the worst car buying experience i've ever been through
:) from the happy new homeowners from buckeye, az.
Been coming to this bank for about 4 years.
Always a smile on their faces.
Never had a problem with them.
Im here now, was told it'll be 15 min wait to deposit a check.
Staffing/wait times dont seem to be a concern to this location.
1 teller at 230 on a friday??
Why now do i need the purchase a money order then deposit it into their account!
I wish i could give them zero stars!
They are well deserving of being a zero!
The worst bank i even been to!
Bank of america keep up the bad work!
Kelly and quentin were right there with me every step of the way through my mortgage process.
Well, the weston team made it all happen and even closed two days early!!
Superior customer service and would definitely use them again!
After finding service fees for my 40+ year checking account i called the 800 # for wells fargo.
I was not pleased with the service on the phone so decided to walk into the branch on n. durango.
It was a pleasure doing business with jessica!!!!
So my parents finally kicked me off of their policy and i had to start my own.
This was a little scary- i've never done insurance-y things before!
This office has been phenominal!
They are constantly figuring out ways to get me better deals while maintaining excellent coverage.
They have never made me feel stupid or uncomfortable.
I really appreciate that!
On top of it all, i got a bomb swag bag when i left the first time!
Overall a great experience at this branch.
We'll definitely be doing business at this branch from here on.
Great job....keep up the good work guys.
This insurance agency has been an absolute pleasure to deal with!
I have a renter's insurance policy and automotive policy through them and can't find a better rate.
Since i have both policies, each one is discounted.
I got my renter's insurance policy for an extremely competitive price.
Whenever i call there is someone there to answer or i receive a call back right away.
Everyone i have dealt with has been professional and up front and honest with everything.
If you're looking for insurance definitely give this agency a try!
I am getting away from bank of america.
I opened a checking account and found out i will not have to pay fees.
Kristen explained everything and was very helpful.
The worst customer service ever!
Go to the cactus and reems branch, they're quicker and nicer!
I haven't received good service here any time i've come.
Good thing i can do most of my banking online now
This is the worst bank ever !!!
As i pulled up i notice all the drive thru windows were closed .
It was around 10:30 am on a tuesday .
Miffed , i managed to find a parking spot and walked inside to make a simple deposit .
The line was 20-30 people deep .
I asked the manager why all the drive they lanes were closed .
He said they haven't had drive thru service in three years !!
What a joke this bank is !!!
Bank of america has the worst customer service !!!!
You're a bank and you don't have drive thru service ??
What happens if you're handicapped or disabled ???
They force you to come inside and then wait like cattle because they only have 2 tellers working ??
This place is s joke !!!
And the workers and the manager can hardly speak english!!
Hello .. it's america !!
What a joke !!!
Cant stand this place!
Its always a mess and the cashiers are so pushy, then try and rush you out!
Long lines, only two tellers at the counter.
Makes no sense why they don't staff this branch properly.
20 minutes waiting and i'm still 6 people behind...
The tellers (or i should say teller) try's there best.
Way understaffed for a high volume location...
They know it and don't care.
Huge lines and the tellers have no sense of urgency, they ramble on with customers about personal life talk.
I'm standing here on a monday at 4:40 ...
The line has 17 people in it now.
The tellers at this bank, although friendly, are not very competent.
They do not pay attention to anything you write on the check, like the account number on the back.
I wish i could find a bank that actually cares about my business.
I had the worst customer service experience here.
I wanted to open a credit card with them, but the banker didn't care about my account or my time.
At one point, he actually said to me that he'd "rather be at home" because "he's tired".
He assured me twice that i'd get my credit card within two business days.
Two weeks later i still hadn't even gotten approved.
They are always super nice!
Never ask if i want to open an account or the usual sales stuff.
I was shocked by the other review - although looking at it now, it was in 2012.
Great bank, i recommend it to everyone needing a bank.
After attempting to get a call back 3 different times about canceling a policy, i have bailed on this agent.
Her office didn't even return his phone call or give me a call.
Very unprofessional insurance office.
Just moved from wa and ali helped me with my transfer of policies.
Needed to remove, update and add policy's.
He made the transfer seamless and kept me updated throughout the process.
I worked with cesar munoz and he was very punctual and made sure everything went smoothly.
That does make it a bit hard to get in and out of during lunch time.
But it's all i got so i make do.
They do run a bit slow however at lunch time.
With several lanes of drive thru it can really take a while sitting there waiting to be helped.
If you can avoid this one at that time, i would advise it.
Azfcu member for over two decades.
Good service - but - and it's a big one...
I only recently found out they are not a 'genuine' federal credit union.
They just use the word federal.
You want your money in a federal credit union (not banks) when the banking collapse occurs fairly soon.
No - i'm not joking or crazy - it will happen this decade.
I've predicted every financial collapse since the 1980s.
Desert schools/desert financial is a genuine credit union.
Your money will be safe there.
I moved to pittsburgh's east end from fairfax county, virginia in late-2010.
Little to no wait time.
Helped me quickly get a replacement bank card when mine came up missing.
Very easy to work with.
This employees at this branch are always very nice and helpful.
They have always made sure that all of my accounts that i have are meeting my needs still.
I have a lot accounts due to a company that i own.
I have never had any issues here.
I bought a 2009 journey here.
I did most of the paper work before my husband came to sign.
All before the 30 day so called warranty they have.
I've been waiting  2 hours and 45 minutes on my day off!!!!
This must be the las vegas customer service policy, sale and then stick it to them.
I think its so wrong how nice they are to you until you sign then your nothing!!!
Management is a joke, if i could give them minus 5 stars i would!
No troubles with this lorain national bank location.
I don't use it that much, but when i do it is good.
The gentlemen that helped me just now was caleb and he was a fast worker.
He had great customer service and got us sat down and out in less than 5 minutes.
He answered any and every question i had and i felt really comfortable asking him anything i needed to know.
The service is always very slow at this location.
This facility is inside a safeway stare, desert school managers are cold and unfriendly.
They asked me if i was a customer and i replied that i was not a customer.
The manager stated "we do not conduct any business with non customers!
Walked in and no one was greeting or asking whether i need to talk to a banker or not.
I found a chair where the bankers offices were.
Waited for about 10 min.
She was very polite and nice about it.
So i was fine.
Got a banker finally.
She could not understand english well.
Um... how do you confuse the two?
She said in order to change my name on the account i need to submit documents... bla bla.
I am not here to update my account info and i never said that.
I just wanted to get my temporary atm card and be gone!
For the third time.
I got her convinced that i was there to what again??
Yes... to get my atm card.
Then she could not pull up my account.
After several tries she finally found it.
Whew--- i thought i went to a wrong bank or something.
First of all, please listen carefully what the customer is saying.
A very disorganized branch.
Today i went to the bank to pay off a bank loan.
Ryan lee, the branch manager, was very friendly and helpful.
He patiently walked me through the whole process.
I also noticed that he personally greeted every customer that walked into the bank.
Thanks again for the great customer service.
They could have atleast called me before i sold my car!
The parking is also awful.
This isn't the first time either.
Everytime i go, there is a long wait.
This branch is not considerate of customer service.
I swear every single time i go to this bank the line is always long with only one teller working!
I don't understand that!
It takes at least 15-20 minutes!
Please have another teller on when the line is to the door!
Scumbag tactics "bait and switch" looked at a corvette.
Retail is $19,500.00 from a dealer.
I figured that there was room for negotiation.
Not a terrible price.
I got tricked and went to the scumbag place.
Now, the price is $24,999.99.
Baited and price switched.
Read the other reviews.
The tires were nearly bald.
That is $1500.00 to replace them and they wanted $7000 over retail.
This bank is horrible.
I never had issues with the bank when it was lorain national.
Northwest likes to charge fees for everything.
The customer service is terrible and the bank manager at the amherst ohio branch is so rude.
I closed my accounts and took my business to chase bank....that was the best decision i have ever made.
Finally a chase opened up in my neighborhood.
Clean, nice bankers, no wait and friendly.
Friday afternoon at 3:50pm 19 people in line.
One teller open and drive up teller is closed.
Worst experience in a bank i've encountered.
Had a problem with someone stealing my daughters social security number.
The incident we know of was at bank of america so we went there.
We have an account there.
We told one of the office workers there about what happened and she took down some information.
She said her supervisor would call my wife the next day.
That day came and went.
Hope all this will be settled out soon.
They have to be open on the saturday!
At least half a day!
The only reason i come to this location is because its walking distance.
I think at all wells fargo banks they have great customer service.
But please be open on saturday!
I love the staff here... very friendly and easy to talk with, and there's never a long wait.
I'm always in and out within minutes.
Never had any issues with them yet and will continue to return here whenever needed.
If i could give this a rating of 0 i would.
I went in for assistance with an account that would take five minutes to to resolve my issues.
They said i needed an appointment.
So i asked if someone could help me today the said they were all booked up witch is crazy.
I look over and the two bank tellers we talking, no one was at their desk.
They weren't assisting anyone just talking amongst themselves.
Yhere was not one person in the loby.the customer service was ridiculous  i will not return to this location again.
What a skanky place to do your banking.
Staff are friendly, but it is filthy, and made me feel so uncomfortable.
I would suggest only using the drive through, if this was the only location available, i would change banking institutions.
I want to establish a roth ira.
I came to this branch and was told they don't do that at the branch any longer.
I could tell that one teller was really empathetic but everyone else could care less.
Leaving feeling i was shoved aside.
I will have to figure this out on my own.
I moved to madison in september and was dismayed to learn there aren't  bofa branches in this city.
I mean they are in milwaukee and chicago, why not madison.
Whatever...that is beside the point.
So i opened an account with associated.
I knew from day one it would be a bad relationship for us.
I felt this was a sign and decided i would just close my account and go to uw credit union.
However, cassidy tracked me down.
Did she not get a hint?
I pissed about htis but figured i could deal with this for one month.
It sucked, but i managed.
Fast forward to december, i had a big trip planned to chicago and needed my funds immediately available.
I was past the 30 day mark so i went to the atm and deposited my work check.
Went to make a withdrawal and was denied.
After two hours of dealing with management with came to a compromise.
So word of advice, never use their atms for deposits.
So i always had to be hypervigilant about not over-drafting my account.
I called to complain, talked to corporate, referenced the paper i had signed all to no avail.
I knew i was going to have to close this account.
However, i just wanted to finish paying for my wedding prep and then i would do it.
Originally i had to only use my debit card 10 times a month to avoid a fee.
I knew it was nearing the end of my tumultuous relationship with associated.
Now we get to today.
I needed two things today, very simple.
I needed to deposit a check and to have a cashier's check made.
I had to get her signature, even though she isn't on the account.
Of course that is an $8 fee.
I was livid and red in the face.
I am normally mild mannered, but i had had it.
Went to empty my account and close it, however can't close it because i have one transaction pending.
Go figure...it will probably take 10 days to clear.
I am sure i will be charged a fee of some kind in those 10 days.
Moral of the story....avoid avoid avoid.
I love desert schools.
The have been quite helpful in many areas.
Brad b sounds like a big cry baby whining about $2.00 statements.
You can print them out for free on-line.
Calm down brad...everything will be o.k.
I don't normally go to this branch but was in the area.
People here are rude and inconsiderate.
I have read the old reviews, the atmosphere has changed and reviews are no longer representative of the new staff.
I have been banking here for my business since 2014.
Love the new manager lauren and her staff.
Craig and everyone are always smiling and seem happy to be there and most of all go that extra step.
They got my online business account access fixed.
Nick was great with the business line of credit process.
Hope we can keep this small bank relationship in the big bank world.
It's on the square and they validate.
If only they had a drive-thru, i'd give them 5 stars.
Courteous, kind, friendly helpful staff like all desert schools (soon to be desert financial) employees w/ ada teller.
After contacting property management president, mgmt put in a handicapped space/ramp (still need more than one) next to the atm.
One person can make a difference.
I got my receipt and my cash.
The atm needs better lighting at night for safety purposes.
Good thing i managed to get a loan somewhere else quick and easy and without getting my credit score checked.
I get paid this week and will pay loan and give that place 5 star.
Not this ridiculous place.
Worst place to do business with.
I was also wondering whether the 2.89% (2.92% apr) could be true or was just a ruse to entice customers.
A review i read online suggested this might be the case.
That was a straightforward and uncomplicated process.
- third federal paid for all required documentation from the credit check through the appraisal and title work.
I received a free copy of the appraisal, credit check and my credit score.
I am a "squeaky wheel" kind of customer.
The extra effort paid off.
This was the only mild surprise in the entire process.
That part of the process took just one hour.
****  four years ago, i refinanced with the very big bank that's been in the news.
At that time, i thought 4% was a great rate even with pretty hefty closing costs.
What bothered me immensely about that other institution is that they didn't treat me well at all.
I felt hassled and beleaguered right up until the loan was approved.
Quite the opposite occurred on this, my final refinancing for this house.
My closing costs for this loan really and truly amounted to $295*.
In recent years they have expanded their mortgage loan program to other states, including mine.
I hope that if you're reading this review it will balance some of the negative comments that others have made.
*one final note: today, i received a $100 home depot card as a gift for refinancing with them.
That means my refinancing fee was effectively $195!
This desert schools location is great!
Whenever i need to deposit a check, i can get in and out quickly.
The staff members are very friendly and helpful.
I thought that was a nice touch!
I love my state farm agent, joann alvarez, and her staff of extraordinary women.
She has been my agent for over 20 years.
She has saved me money on car insurance, home owners insurance, life insurance, and renter's insurance.
She been there through five children and now grandchildren.
We were numb and she took us by the hand.
I will never ever forget what this woman has done for my family.
Today, years later, i am able to call up her team and get the best service anytime, day or night.
I don't shop around for rates because i know i have an amazing team behind me.
They didn't pocket the money.
They sent it back.
They make my life easy and i always feel safe.
Isn't that why we have insurance?
Nothing beats that peace of mind.
No one rates higher in my book than joann.
I will never have another agent.
You can find me on facebook if you feel i might be "planted."
Michelle russell from gilbert, arizona.
Go ahead and "hit me up" cuz, baby, i'm covered for that by the best!
Every once in a while i'll experience great service, but it's very rare.
I just moved to this side of town, so i went to this location for the first time.
And no, on-line purchases don't count.
It's been a month now.
Guess if i've heard from him.
I was also supposed to get new checks for getting the new account.
I was hoping this branch would be better!
I used desert school for a new truck i bought at the dealer ship.
But then later found out the dealer ship went to another bank with out me knowing about.
One of the bankers called me to inform me the application wasn't with desert school.
The interest rate was 3.2% with the other bank.
I went back to the deal ship asked them to switch it to desert schools.
Once the paperwork was finalized my interest rate dropped to a 2.79.
Thank you desert schools for doing your due diligence.
1, 2 tellers at most even during busy times.
Worst service with inexperienced tellers.
You will wait 15+ minutes on avg no matter what.
Worse credit union in las vegas.
No two employees can get their story straight regarding my loan.
The largest credit union yet one nev customer service sucks!
I'm closing my account tomorrow!
Do not buy from here!!!
Absolutely the worst dealership i have ever dealt with.
You know those shady dealers in the movies, that's these guys.
I bought a charger from them and i have had to bring it in to get fixed four times.
One time they straight up told be they had to buy and install a new bumper.
After a few days it fell again!
Come to find out they wood screwed my old bumper back on and tried to super glue it up!!
Mobile check deposits don't come with automatic receipts.
Making deposits to out of state accounts now made difficult with removal of cash deposit option.
Having an account for years with multiple products doesn't count for loans, even so other banks offer this option.
Closing the account was a frustrating process.
The only thing that makes this bank good, is the fact that the banking representatives are friendly.
Made an appointment, came on time and still waited 30 mins to see someone.
Tami and macee did a phenomenal job helping me close on my home in a timely fashion.
Kudos to both of them!
This is the worst bank ever.
They hired employees who did not know how to do their jobs.
Maybe they did not get enough training.
Good employees are not there any more.
The previous manager helped me a lot with my financial situation regardless of the branch being extremely short-staffed.
She was working 3 people's job constantly.
No support and help from the upper management.
Other employees did not know how to help me.
Even some of my friends who have accounts there feel the same way.
No one cares about my business there like the way she did.
This company don't care about good experienced employees.
I will move my accounts to a different bank.
Compared to bofa it's good- i liked it a lot when i signed up.
Better rates and lower fees all around.
"), and then not be able to relay any information about the local branch because they're not there (eg.
Are you guys busy today?
What would wait time be?).
Unfortunately its the same every time.
Cmcu is fine as long as you don't expect any service in real life.
Review on customer service @ drive thru wow- 18 mins wait at the drive-thru( and i was the only car).
I had to ring the bell several times, and hippo finally came- telling me about someones lunch break.
Well by then i was pissed, so i told her that wasn't my problem and it shouldn't take that  long.
Dum ass still didn't follow directions when i told her how i wanted my money.
I think i may call up to the branch in the morning and fuss.-jk
No acknowledgement by multiple employees.
20 year + customer, feeling invisible.
I am an accountant and i have been in canada for more than 30 years.
I recommend this bank to my friends and family.
Just saw stopped by to get some foreign currency from this location.
Inside the us bank branch they have arrangement with a company that provides foreign currency.
I walked in and was greeted and directed to the lady at the foreign currency desk.
She seemed rather inconvenienced in having to set her phone down to help a customer.
I am doubtful the size of my order impacts her job much.
At any rate she tells me she has no pesos and to come back later.
So why the negative review for us bank?
The tellers all giggle and laugh amongst themselves.
I get much better customer service at my mega bank.
This review is for the personal banking side.
I waited for an hour while the lobby was empty to see a personal banker.
I finally just went to the teller and pulled out money and will be going to another location after work.
The only reason i am giving this location 2 stars is because of how friendly the tellers were.
Just stopped in because i wasn't having luck with using the app to deposit a check.
All of a sudden the app is real picky with depositing checks.
Anyways, slight inconvenience but that's what happens with technology and apps that need updates.
Hopefully it works good again soon.
There was a line when i went in, but it's saturday and it moved fast.
Setup a meeting 5 days in advance with commercial lender jason eyeman.
Showed up a little early and checked-in with the front desk clerk, then sat and waited for over 20 minutes.
Then i asked the clerk if jason knew i was there and she said "oh, he's out to lunch".
Thanks for letting me know.
Between waiting and taking time off/driving, an hour of my day wasted.
Awful customer service, chad (manager) along with other staff are rude, unapologetic, lack knowledge of their own processes.
They are completely arrogant as well.
Delays are way too long.
Don't go here for your banking.
Their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent.
So far, they are no better.
Reaching a live person at the credit union is next to impossible in my experience.
Their response time is like molasses.
Another thing to beware of is fees.
You must read the fine print.
Basically, they are charging you $10 per month for a paper statement.
Last i knew, stamps cost .50 cents and a sheet of paper maybe .5 cents.
Also beware of their popmoney fee.
I tried using the service without success and was forced to cancel the transaction.
Nowhere was there anything posted about this exorbitant fee.
And again i ask, why does a fee need to be leveraged when everything is run by computer?
It just seems greedy to me.
In closing i would like to say that this credit union is making me regret my decision to leave bofa.
Moral of the story: research banks before you leave one and join another.
Hopefully my review will help you make the right decision.
I hate having to go into the bank to stand in line to do my banking.
I am one of those always on the go, busy, busy, busy single moms with very little time to spare.
And i don't like spending what little time i do have waiting at the bank.
Thankfully there is this lovely branch right across the street from my building.
No need to park.
No need to come in during busy times.
I come in mid morning and am helped right away.
I mean five minutes in and out.
Normally i would be disappointed but it's okay when we're talking about banks.
;)   the staff is always super friendly and always complimentary.
Anyways, banking here has always been a joy.
Busy but very efficient.
The line moves very quickly and the tellers are all very polite and friendly.
There are four green machine abms that are available for use even when there is no one working.
Just opened an account with wells fargo and had an excellent experience.
I do a lot of travel and needed a card sent to me asap.
The staff there was awesome and helped set it up for me to receive my new card within three days.
They answered all my questions and made the process of setting up a new account extremely easy.
Definitely a positive experience.
Talk about great customer service!!!
The arizona market president, john mistler, is completely unprofessional.
As a business owner, customer service is a top priority.
My company has a business loan with stearns, and has never been late nor asks for special accommodations.
I've only had the loan for three months, and he's demanding five legal documents.
I'd supplied dozens of documents, credit reports, bank statements, tax papers, and more, to qualify for the loan.
My commercial realtor stated that mr. mistler's behavior is nothing short of unprofessional and rude too.
I recommend anyone avoid stearns bank because of mr. mistler.
The customer service here is outstanding!!
Manager was courteous and efficient!
It resolved my issue!
Thank you yomaira for giving me consistent updates and greet me with a beautiful smile!
The employees are really friendly.
I'm not really a conversationalist when it comes strangers, but they always manage to break me out of shell.
I come here once per month to deposit for commercial accounts for my business rent.
There is always a line out the door and one (maybe two) tellers.
The merchant line usually moves slower than the 20 person line consumer line.
I would never put business or personal accounts here.
I've been to many branches around town and its always the same story.
There is always a huge line and no tellers.
Go to nevada state bank...way better customer service and i only wait 5 minutes at the most.
Since i have been with charlotte metro credit union it has been the worst experience in my life.
My encounter started with cmcu when i decided to refinance my car.
At that time i was working with a woman by the name of paula.
Paula told me i was approved for a refinance of my auto loan.
Unknowingly, my credit card would be tied to my auto loan as a cross collateral file.
I tried to keep up with my car because i didn't know they were tied together.
I soon then became behind on both loans.
Fast forward to the present time.
I was a month behind on my auto loan and 3 months behind on my credit card.
I had previously told angel aug. 4th however i had to pay my rent.
I then called back and asked for someone to speak to and i got in contact with shannon.
Shannon then advised me that i had to pay roughly $580.00 for my car and credit card.
I then asked why because that wasn't what was told to me in the beginning.
I then was talking to shannon and she then was telling us several different amounts.
Car delinquency = $259.00.
This is the amount that i was delinquent for at first.
I then asked shannon how that could be when the delinquent amount was $490.00 but she was asking for $580.
I then asked shannon the reason why and she said that is what is due.
And kept repeating herself.
I then asked her why she wants both and that's not what angel called for.
I left brian a voicemail hoping to hear from him tomorrow so i can arrange a payment.
She said because i requested to speak to her manager brian.
I then asked why she never called me back then and she didn't say anything.
This was the result of me trying to get in contact with them and set something up.
My car was repossessed.
I then asked shannon what was due and she stated the entire amount which is $14,838.27.
I then asked shannon what was the amount due before and she never told me the amount again.
She stated "this is what is due now."
Shannon was the worst customer service agent i have ever experienced in my life.
I advised everyone to never operate business with charlotte metro credit union because the service is horrible.
Please never bank with them with anything.
Walked in after work to open basic checking account with a money order from walmart for $100.
Female banker treated me like trash from the moment we met.
Pushed using prepaid deposit card rather than checking account because, "i'm sure you don't need a checking account."
When i quickly declined she said, "do you even know what it is?"
She proceeded to push it again.
I asked for the account choices collateral to make my decision.
"why did you ask if there were branches in california?"
"how much will you be depositing each month?"
I went outside and called chase customer service.
He also said they should have accepted it.
So, then i asked, "what happens now?
Will someone be calling the branch?"
"well, it is at their discretion.
I don't know what they saw in you that made them say that."
I opened with silver state credit union and they are awesome!
Avoid this bigoted bank.
For me, finding the right insurance agent is a big decision!
Having a bad insurance agent is a lot worse than having a bad meal!
I've been working with david for over two years now.
I can rely on him to make the best recommendation for me.
For the claims i've had he's always quick to address them and make sure he answers all my questions.
I don't feel like just another faceless policy holder, i actually feel like he treats me like a friend.
He's a great guy and someone i know i can trust!
I come here to use the shared branch services; as im from down south!!!
I receive the best service at this location, especially from eddie,the assistant manager.
Downtown lady was so rude.
Was gonna ask for mgr... that was the one next ti her snd allowed her behavior.
I only go there because i hv to.
Less than a year later and this car is still giving us problems.
It's always something new with this car.
Stay away from this place!!
Our bmw needs massive repairs and they refused to do anything about it.
We tried returning the car less than a month after we bought it and they said it was our problem.
To this day we have all kinds of modules that need repair and an oil leak.
Give me a break!
It's so bad we can't even get it off our hands.
Don't buy a car from here
Went through the atm drive thru area, it was really weird.
Which brainiac came up with this idea?
Sorry, had to vent.
This bank is a joke!
Bank somewhere else if you care about your money and your accounts.
I finally had to close my account because they were not gonna do anything about it.
When i close my account they didn't even ask why.
They don't give a crap about customers!!!
If you've got your money in this bank i recommend you change banks immediately!
Rude and very unprofessional.
I had 6 equipment loans with these people and would pay them all on the same day of the month.
So 2 would be past due by 4 days every month.
I'd get a phone call every month.
They always got payed, i payed the loans off early so i wouldn't have to hear from them
Once again i had a great experience with gigi,  jesse, sandra and raymundo.
These are beautiful people and they give great service.
I lost my key for the merchant night deposit safe.
They brought over a key right away.
This is the service that i know about wells fargo.
Bought a car from them and having nothing but problems.
Spending more money on it to get fixed then able to drive it.
I haven't even had it for 1yr.
I was referring people to go there but not any more.
I am very unsatisfied.
Now i have to find a new car .
A teller kept her calm while a client lost his cool from his own issue.
Always speedy and polite.
Even recommended times to come in!
Never seen a line up yet!
The lines are unbelievably long and there are only two tellers working.
The manager is walking around with a clipboard and doing absolutely nothing useful and other workers are in the back.
It's definitely time to switch banks.
Apllied for heloc, customer service was good.
The drive by appraising or their appraisal system is horrible.
Their rates are good but appraisal process is ridiculous, almost not meant to help you.
Update: can i give midfirst a 6/5??
Not midfirst - they are on it!
So glad we quit bofa and switched to a smaller bank that cares.
Midfirst bank is what banks used to be back in the day.
Someone always answers the phone.
There's always a smile and just enough friendly chit chat.
They remember me when i walk in!
Most importantly, my financial questions are answered and my financial needs are met.
My girls get suckers and smiles every time.
I half think my dog would get a bone if i took him through the drive-thru.
We have hardly any bank frees and atm fees charged by other banks are reimbursed to our account.
We've had nothing short of amazing service with this company.
This is the worst bank in phoenix.
I changed both my personal and business accounts from chase due to there lack of tellers.
Wish i could give them zero stars.
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
I thought that would be good enough but it wasn't.
They sent me back a form they wanted signed, they also wanted a copy of my id.
Why is this so difficult?
It has taken me since the second week in december to get my address changed through this worthless establishment.
Save yourself the trouble and go with good old chase.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
To bad i can't give them zero stars!!
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
I thought that would be good enough but it wasn't.
They sent me back a form they wanted signed, they also wanted a copy of my id.
Why is this so difficult?
It has taken me since the second week in december to get my address changed through this worthless establishment.
Save yourself the trouble and go with good old chase.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
I applied for the online account and opened with $50.
The minimum balance is $25.
The account was closed by them because i had a change of address that was not reported to them.
Obviously, they didn't call and confirm.
I was logging on to check and was never prompted to change my address on file.
And why would i?
The point is.... don't invest in con artist.
My money is my money until it serves my purpose.
The audacity of the representative to offer for me to apply for a new account.
Professional and friendly staff.
They have made all 3 loans i have had through them a very quick and easy process.
I swichted to nbaz in july and i couldn't be happier with them!
I really like this bank, my only negative is the lack of bank locations.
Keep up the good work guys!
A completely serviceable branch in bloomfield.
This is the closest branch to my house, however i generally seem to prefer other branches in the east end.
Sometimes the wait here is pretty long, but all of my experiences have been relatively good.
It is sad to watch a formerly good bank go downhill.
Hassling customers for id to make cash deposits.
Cancelling my sister-in-law's debit card because her husband had one on the sane account.
(i guess women are second class citizen's to chase.)
These issues do not exist at more consumer friendly banks.
I am down to two accounts and when the last automatic debits end i can close those out too.
Had an amazing car buying and selling experience at reliable auto sales!
They played no games and were up front and very help full during my visit.
I was very happy with the offer and decided to sell my truck to them.
I would recommend reliable auto to any one in the vegas market.
You are a bank and don't even carry $2000 .
How is that even possible .
I stood in line 25 minutes just to be told you were out of money .
Been to this location a few times and i hate it.
Maybe i'm just lazy or maybe because it was so hot outside, i do t prefer this kind of setup.
No stars if i could.
An employee opened a credit card in my name without my permission.
I confronted him and he said i asked for the card.
There is no paperwork and my signature was nowhere to be found on any documentation.
I asked to see the manager and he wouldn't come out to see me he was in a meeting.
I escalated to the district manager.
He talked a great game made me feel like things were going to get done and nothing happened.
The whole thing took about 4 months to resolve and i had to do it on my own.
The employee still works there....my accounts are now closed.
They are under alot of presure to open new accounts.
Apparently this leads them to commit fraud and management looks the other way.
It's always 1 or 2 tellers and the line is out the door.
I will never get an account with them ever in life.
And that goes for their other locations a well it's just their entire company !!
Worse customer service at a location ever experienced..
I'll start from the beginning, but we had just withdrew money from an atm at about 4pm on a thursday.
Decided to head out for the night and tried to take more money out and the card was "compromised".
So already being out we couldn't access our account.
Automated system is a joke!
The next day and we walked in and stephanie i believe her name was couldn't answer any of our questions.
They then said 15 min to get a new card.
Bank is a joke, that's why i left them and now my fianc will be closing his account as well!
This is a horrible branch.
We used to enjoy banking here.
However, our accounts have been compromised several times.
The staff is very rude.
They once asked me pressing questions about some minority religious holiday, implying that i fit that group.
I was very offended by any mention of religion at a bank, or anywhere for that matter.
Then, on another occasion, they pressed me on how i was feeling, and i didn't respond.
The clerk was angry and questioned why i didn't respond.
I never raised my voice, nor cursed, nor name-called.
What a terrible experience!
I was greeted by two tellers, i decided to have marci help me who was very friendly.
The inside decor has a very modern feel almost contemporary.
All the tellers look very professional and even had matching colors which sounds lame but they pulled it off.
I had a good experience.
Key.com is an online bank that has 14 locations in the ne united states.
They are very difficult to work with and can cost you hours trying to do business with them online.
I am referring to loan payments, where, yes i am trying to give them money and they make it impossible.
I have only dealt with them online since they do not have locations in the southern part of the us.
I will never sign up for a loan with them again and do not recommend them to anyone!
The teller was not very nice, she wasn't rude, she was just...bleh.
She did say...thank you...at least.
Overall, wasnt bad, but wasnt good.
I would put a 2 star, but the place was clean, and it was pretty quick.
This branch is full of the nicest people!
I've never seen anyone there in a bad mood nor having a bad day...they're always so friendly & helpful.
Also, unlike the other major banks, u.s. bank still has good (and affordable) checking services.
*one caveat: the 1-800 call center for u.s. bank is extremely rude and unhelpful.
Nevertheless, this branch rocks!
I'm a big fan.
We always stop at this chase bank on saturday mornings during our walk around the farmers market.
I usually have a check that needs to be cashed or deposited and saturday mornings is always the most convenient.
And they always ask if we want small bills for the farmers market, which is a plus.
5 stars, capitol chase bank rocks!
They sent me offers to open accounts and then failed to give me the money promised.
The receptionist was "surprised" because "he always calls people back", so i reiterated my request.
No call, again, no customer now.
Who's robbing who at this bank?
Whoever's idea it was to have two tellers and a machine should be fired.
Long lines during peak hours and management does not care.
This company won't stop contacting me.
I don't know them, never gave them my contact info.
They are in bed with a real estate agency that continually stalks me as well.
Wells fargo has really a stepped it up!!!
Wow thats what i call customer service!!
This location is at least 3 times bigger!!!
I can see how the manager and the staffs feel so excited and proud of this sparkling new location!
Lines are never too long... but i usually just prefer using the instant teller.
The staffs here are always helpful and some of them have been working here for a long long time!
Though not open on sundays, for sunday banking go visit the branch at mccowan and bullock!
This auto sale's is very poor!!
Mitch has no experience in sales.prices are different from online.
You will get a call from salesman asking for you email address um!!!
That's not my name it's my email address....
Car's are not the same as web site.
They rather chill and smoke then sale car's.
Maybe the best team ever!
Clear communication from the start and never a hiccup.
No hesitation recommending ryan and his team to anyone.
Never had issues getting anything notarized with this bank.
Time to move my money to a bank that actually gives services ???
I've been recently making account deposits for work at this bank.
This branch location is just past the waterworks shopping area on freeport rd.
Bank tellers are always friendly and welcoming!
They often serve soft chocolate chip cookies for customers.
I usually pass on the cookies and go straight for the dum-dums suckers lol!
There are 7 branches in the greater pittsburgh area.
They are open until 6p on fridays.
There are three bank tellers in their lobby and two drive-thru lanes outside.
If i didn't already do my personal banking elsewhere, i'd gladly open an account here.
Omg the atm has got to be the slowest on the planet.
However service inside the bank is professional and friendly for the most part.
Kinda sorta like a small town bank feel at times which is pretty awesome.
Well maybe not the branch but monique is the worst drive thru teller.
Hey, if you don't like your job stop working.
I could go on and on but reall not going to change .
Just thought people should know.
They no longer send you a vehicle loan statement, but rather charge you $2.00 for a statement!
Avoid these credit unions.
It was unfortunate we purchased our vehicle through these idiots.
I didn't think that a bank could lose money .
I deposit cash to a teller inside the branch on a wednesday afternoon cash .
I went to make a payment a few days later and found out my money was not in my account.
Called the bank and they had no idea where my money had gone.
But the money did not reflect where i could see it.
They lost my money and that was there excuse of where it was.
This place has horrible service.
We walked in and a woman was yelling at us from her office.
"can we help you?"
I couldn't see her because the view to her office was blocked by a stand with flyers and shit.
We were finally helped by an old banker who sits in the first outside desk.
She was rude, didn't ask us to take a seat and messed up the transaction.
She then tried to sell us something and when we said no, she hurried us out.
Luckily, we were able to make some changes to our documents so that we did not have to go back.
Your branch has horrible service.
If you would like to discuss this interaction if more detail, feel free to send me your conta
Don't get me wrong i love the car but it's unbelievable how shitty they treat you after you buy.
He treated me like crap and was being a smart ass the whole time.
I will never refer someone here or buy another car.
So rude i can't even believe it.
Julio lopez is fantastic!!
I bought a car for my 16 year old son here.
Julio went above and beyond to ensure he got a great safe car.
He even let us kidnap him to visit an independent mechanic.
Super nice guy and honest.
He really cared about making sure my son got a great first car.
11:28am i walked in to get a deposit slip for direct deposit.
1 teller leaves for lunch at 11:40am still with 11 people in line.
1 guys walks away from the line, 10 people in line, branch manager disappeared.
Their down to 1 teller, none of these reps make eye contact or says anything to anyone.
People start talking branch manager comes back looking like he's finishing up his lunch in mouth.
We're still standing in line, the 1 teller finally finishes up with one guy.
Anthony helped us and he was so nice!
He went above and beyond what we were expecting.
Ask for anthony when you go in!
He was the best!
I am getting increasingly more frustrated with this branch.
It's always stressful and a headache.
In the last few months i have had 4 issues.
But i have cashed checks more altered than this one multiple times in the past.
One nevada credit union and financial service representative dawn craig, awesome!!!!
I transferred all of my accounts from chase, which offers poor customer service at most local branches.
They were charging a $5/month fee on my checking account.
On the next statement they "deducted" the $5 and then started charging a $8/day overdraft fee.
Cause the "overdraft" and then charging fees.
The worst financial decision i made in the last 10 years was opening an account with them.
I don't understand why banks don't have all tellers working on the weekends.
But especially this location is always super busy and only 2 tellers are open.
In the process of purchasing a home.
Went in today to do a wire transfer for the down payment.
But you can do it online.
No offer of scheduling an appointment for us.
We went home to look at how to do it online and were not comfortable doing it online.
We then decide to just do it person.
We call this branch and get a notice all tellers are busy and then it would hung up.
We called, i'm not exaggerating, 9 times before someone finally came to the phone.
I see people had a lot of great reviews but this was the most inconvenient experience.
We completed a wire transfer through clark county credit union who did the transfer right there for us.
No appointment necessary, the teller did it right there.
Literally took 5 minutes to do.
Needless to say we will be closing our account after the wire transfer is complete.
Inside wait for a teller is always at least 20 minutes.
But at least you can spend the time watching local creep samvel gevorgyan touch every girl that comes in inappropriately.
The outside atms are also set up to have both machines in one lane.
This branch is located inside of the albertson's.
There is an atm and a small counter with about 3 tellers for your convenience.
I have always found the wait time to be under 5 minutes each time i have used a teller.
They are friendly and ask if you need other assistance.
Had to withdraw some quick cash today .
So i ran over quick to this location (which i have fequented before), to grab the funds .
As always, the employees were cheerful, courteous, and didn't try to offer you any unneed services.
Three people ahead of my, and guess what .
The visit was quick .
And i was outta there.
Nothing worse than going to the bank and spending 20 - 30 minutes in line .
I wish the withdrawal limit at the drive-thru was higher .
If i only wanted a couple hundred dollars, i would have used the atm.
I called the keybank corporate headquarters this morning to request the contact information for the company's legal department.
The individual who answered the phone was extremely rude!
When i asked to speak to a manager, he hung up on me.
I called back again to request a manager and instead i was transferred to a local bank.
I am in shock at the level of immaturity and the lack of customer service.
I went to this branch right around christmas time.
Excellent attitude and most beautiful demeaner i have seen in a very long time.
I just wanted her to know that she was not forgotten and keep up the good work .
I also hope the branch recognizes she is a valuable asset.
I wish more tellers were like her and not so sterile.
She brightened up my whole day.thank you jasmine and god bless.
The guy next to her brushed her off and she seemed disappointed about that.
Differently going to avoid that teller or even that branch
Ask for anna when you go inside.
Not only is she beautiful, but she'll save or make you a lot of money.
Please explain to me why bank of america continues to build new banks and understaffs them.
The drive up is closed and they have one personal banker in her office on the phone.
They were able to close my loan 20 days faster than other lenders.
They also helped me through a refinance in the past.
Brian szabo was very helpful and i would recommend him to anyone.
We went in today at about 12:45pm.
My son wanted to open s new account and waited at their concierge desk several minutes with no help.
She said with a big smile and long loud drawn-out enunciation of every syllable she mouthed.
Can you believe it, a bank that doesn't open accounts due to no staff and no time.
My husband said if we had a million dollars and were white and pushy she would probably help us.
Several disappointments from this bank.
To be fair, about a year ago i was helped by a friendly manager who is probably gone.
This is our 6th home purchase, and scott was the first mortgage broker we've ever had attend the signing appointment.
5 star service all the way!
Wanted to thank edina for helping me take of a fee i had on my account.
So i've had account with this bank for what seems forever!!
They are always very friendly to there customers.
Hopefully things will happen this year!
I recently purchased a vehicle here.
After talking to a few salesman, i found out these guys work on a salary, not a commission.
I think that made the difference, not pushy or hurried.
Salvador was patient and approached this with a 'best deal on the lot' mentality.
Kudos to the policy makers for this company!
Then i had to answer questions like: what am i going to use the car for, business or personal?
If i purchased it, how would i be paying?
I hadn't even looked inside yet alone drove it.
It was night and day my friends.
I know on my next purchase, i will look here first.
No more wells fargo for me... as of right now chase has meet up to my expectations.
Everytime i have walked in to this location someone greets me.
The only bad this is they charge like $25.00 for checks.
It is still worth it.
The location is perfect i work right around the corner.
It is also very clean.
Stay tuned for more because the call center customer service might change this review.
The parking is kinda horrid but the service is great.
No complaints there at all!
Worst customer service i have ever received from a bank!
I do not recommend opening an account with this branch in particular!
I guess they don't expect you to be able to eat or pay bills for 10 days!
Also, they make you wait 2 days to get your money if you use their atm to deposit a check!
Don't expect them to sympathize or help you either!
There are much better banks than this one!
Take it from me, they only look out for themselves!
After a long time wasted they told me they were not able too cash it unless i opened an account.
The manager was inept he just wanted me to open an account with them.
I had boa in the pass they charge you for everything they're probably the worst bank ever.
They're probably going to want to get paid by me for posting on yelp about them 
Third time at this bank ...
I got lisa again ... she is not friendly at all... and rude attitude.
The staff is friendly and they are the reason for the two stars i have given.
Pick another credit union
The worst credit union in all of nevada.
I was trying to deposit a check in my daughters account, and according to him that is not allowed.
So i went to an atm and got cash.
The entire process was two hours long.
I would rather pay an western union fee before using "in touch credit union".
I love this bank (and this particular location.)
They're always so helpful and professional and i've never had a problem with them unlike other banks i've dealt with.
Hopefully i never do but i'm sure it'll be fine.
The banker possibly the branch manager there was wonderful.
I went in twice with the same problem regarding a fraudulent check.
Bottom line because chase denied it he ended up crediting me from his brunch budget.
Small amount but totally appreciated.
Thank you mr chase dude.
You made me smile.
Julio is a good salesperson and took his time showing us around.
This is our second car purchase from this dealership and it won't be the last.
Thank you julio and reliable auto sales.
Definitely a standard b of a location.
I do not bank with them personally, but i come to this branch pretty often to conduct transactions.
The service could be friendlier and more efficient.
I'll still probably come here since it's conveniently located.
I have been with this bank since 1998 and have never exerienced any problems.
The associates are always nice and friendly.
If you need a solid bank with very competent employees try wells fargo.
First off, there were no lines at the counter.
The cashier prompted me to have a seat to have one of there managers come help.
Pleasantly surprised i walked into his office and told him what i needed.
He asked me a couple questions and before i knew it i had a checking and savings account.
Juan the manager was polite attentive and on top of his game.
5 stars for juan and his staff.
Keep up the good work.
Bank of america no longer allows a chashiers check to be made out to a p.o.
Box be it a company or personal.
What is the problem with the customer service at this branch!
Next time i'll drive further to go to another wells fargo.
On 6/29/18 the atm deposit is not available through atm, again.
And the line inside bank is always long.
This is the tenth time in the last 3 months.
This bank has had this issue.
I have talked to associates inside the bank ,several times.
Please go somewhere else to bank.
Ran into this branch to talk to a business banker madeline.
Stopped in because hotel charged us twice and chase issued us a temporary business credit and then reversed it.
When into find out why they reversed it when we were do the credit.
Got tired of arguing with this lady because she tried to tell me she couldn't find the charge.
I told her she didn't know what she was talking about and i was going to go elsewhere.
She remarked back to me but i didn't know what i was talking about.
Very rude and unprofessional will never go back to this bank.
We will be pulling our business from chase because we are tired of having these little mishaps all the time.
Clearly chase employees only people that are completely clueless and can't even add.
Let me preface this story with a few facts: boyfriend and i are money idiots.
Thank the sweet baby jesus we got shondra.
Wonderful, knowledgeable, kind, incredibly helpful and patient and funny and did i mention kind already shondra.
So shondra, without batting an eye, took care of them.
All six of them.
I should also mention that through all of these shenanigans, shondra maintained the perfect blend of professionalism and understanding.
Which, incidentally, is in the four corners.
Thank you shondra, i actually can't wait to go back!
Had a heloc for 10 years, and chose to also renew it with them.
Rate is very good, and i have never had a single issue with them.
Yes the process as others mentioned did take 60 days which they told me it would up front.
Only issue is if you have a home in a living trust...then they won't help you..
I currently have three banks: wells fargo, desert schools, and chase.
I use them all fairly equally.
This particular branch is very nice.
Everyone always acknowledges you when you walk into the branch and when you are leaving.
Overall, i would recommend this particular branch because i haven't had any issues.
The lines have always been short around 11 am on weekdays (right before the noon lunch people get there).
I haven't been to this bank on the weekends because it is by my work.
This bank does not care about you as a person and does not work with small to medium businesses.
They don't have enough branches and are very unfriendly specially in their upper management.
Don't bank with these nbaz you be sorry like i was.
I was late on a mortgage payment in january.
Summit credit union applied a late fee for 3 consecutive months without informing me.
I went in because my account was negative $300 and i was not the one who did it.
I was pointed to a banker joey who was amazing.
He talked to the fraud department for me set up my new bank account and made everything smooth and payment.
They were even able to get me my stolen money back using the banks fraud insurance thing.
Def glad that i had chase.
Just like every other wells fargo, nothing special.
No drive thru atm, but the drive thru is open during business hours.
Minus one star for the overly excited manager.
It's a constant "well we are sooooo glad to help you out today with whatever you need!!!"
In a high pitched voice.
I just put my head down and pray that she doesn't talk to me.
Is it really that hard to be genuine?
Very friendly people but this location is definitely a busy one.
If you're going to try the drive thru teller i would suggest hitting it before 4:30pm if at all possible.
There are only two at this location- the third lane is a drive up atm.
Why does it take 1.5 hours to open a business account in 2018?
Get with the times chase and teach your reps about trying to please clients with good customer service please.
Its saturday morning and the bank is out of quarters.
Question to self and employees is this is a bank correct?
So how do you guys not have change order to give clients.
Please consider any other company to finance a new home.
Every time i've been here i've waited at least 25 minutes, even though it is almost always empty.
If i could give 0 stars i would.
This bank is horrible.
I came here before my shift at 10, and i came in 40 mins before.
This was just the tip of the iceberg that made me close my account.
Do not bank with wells fargo.
I stopped into see erin, who is a business banker, for a quick notary today.
He did a great job and informed me that past notaries have not been properly notarizing documents for me.
This branch moves at turtle speed, always has, .
Withdrew a couple thousand $$$ and it literally took them 20 minutes to find it.
You are a bank!
Hate this place, will be moving all our money soon...,
B of a...what can i say?
Let's start with parking.
Teeny, tiny, postage stamp sized lot.
Sometimes there's a dude there helping folks get in and out.
I think i see him hanging in his dodge k car with the a/c cranked listening to the moody blues.
Who can blame him in this horrific heat.
Actual bank is on first floor of high rise on central.
They just remodeled the lobby and frankly i don't see  much of a difference.
But four stars for the staff.
Shout out to daniel especially.
He always takes care of me in the merchant line.
I know, it's a meaningless and shallow point in my day...what can i say?
Bank of a long ass wait?
I say b of a...bank of america!
Hand on heart, standing tall....over and out yelpers!
So i booked an appointment for today almost a month ago with a rbc rep on the telephone.
Showed up today for my 9:30 am appointment and my branch had no record of this appointment.
Anyway, everyone was great and i managed to see an investment specialist right away.
They were also very accommodating with my service dog who was with me.
I know it should be a given, but believe me, it isn't.
I dealt with three different employees at the branch and everyone was so helpful and pleasant.
It almost makes me sad that i do most of my transactions online.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
Pnc bank needs to be looked into...
I have a fannie mac first mortgage with wells fargo and a second mortgage with pnc bank, formerly national city.
Account is in good standing, excellent credit, with a solid employment record.
I'm currently paying 5.25% on the 1st and 7.5% on the 2nd.
I am exploring all options including taking legal action to ensure that this matter is handled appropriately.
Pnc are crooks - beware!
Their team of professionals have always done an excellent job of taking care of all their clients needs and expectations.
They made me wait half hour and still didn't help me .
No courtesy..... didn't  to try and accommodate me for my situation after 13 years with this bank.
Truly dissapointed in the service at this location.
It takes months (5 months) to receive a refund for an over payment.
Five or more phone clerks,  same story, refund mailed, refund lost,  will resend documentation.
Key bank is simply ripping their customers off.
If you are ok with incompetent young people handling your money, then hang out here
This is a newish branch of td canada trust located in maple leaf square.
It's pretty small but has a nice open feel.
My assistant was efficient and extremely friendly.
Deposited a cheque and then went downstairs to longos to spend my money.
Not open sundays at the moment...
Bought over 20 cars myself here!
And referred at least another 20 people here!
Great pricing and great cars.
Never been duped here!
Financing possibilities like nowhere else.
Dave is the man to talk to and if he doesn't get it done you clearly can't buy a car.
Mary is the sales agent you want to use!
Arman the owner will get you any car you want for the best price!
Small bank with long lines,sometimes you can see people waiting in line when you pull up.
B of a should hire more tellers.
I have been banking with them for over two years, they have been very helpful maintaining my account.
The service is excellent, along with very friendly people.
I am very glad i am a member of arizona federal credit union!
You cant expect a lot.
That being said they are some of the nicest banking industry people i have ever had to deal with.
Very friendly and kind.
And between them is a metal detector.
It is sort of like going into a prison.
Ricky was extremely knowledgeable about the market, rates, etc.
And always showed a sense of urgency.
Thank you, ricky and amerifirst finiancial team!
The staff are very accommodating and giving of information from the beginning.
They also greet you upon entering and are very attentive while they are taking care of other patrons.
What was really nice that there were bilingual tellers behind the counter.
Great to hear and view.
My teller was the utmost in knowledge and customer service.
She was very attentive and even told me congrats on my new business card that was approved.
I really liked going here even though the main road was clogged with traffic and construction work.
Overall wells is a great bank and i am very proud of being in business with him.
They obtained my mortgage and did an excellent job, however, they sold it to penny mac usa.
Customer service was unable to help me, so i will have to resort to mailing my payment in each month.
A quick research of the web about penny mac usa will confirm they have numerous  consumer complaints.
No empathy from the people at the bank just stoic faces.
I have sold my jpm stock and plan on taking this further.
This can happen to anyone!
It means i'm fine thank you!!
I know i  don't have to open an account just because i'm depositing in some else account.
This rep is judgemental by looks no customer service no professionalism.
I'm not coming back to this bank.
Rep= short light brown shoulder length hair.
I expressed interest in a 2007 nissan armada listed at $17,995 on a craigslist post.
I asked to see the carfax because he wasn't saying anything about the car at all.
Like 1 owner, car options, price etc.
There was a long pause he said that was the cash price.
His response was " no!
Such a simple little thing.
Truely fantastic service i've had with them.
I came to their office with problems in a wire transfer and don earle jumped in and saved the day.
Thanks wells fargo and don!!!
I opened an account online and went to the branch to make the initial deposit.
If you are going to have an online system, make sure the branch operations coincide with that!
I'm going to cancel my account and do my business elsewhere.
Thanks for the headache!
I had an issue with a money order that required a stop pay and reissue.
Good folks, highly recommended.
Perfect banking location right off the freeway.
There is plenty of parking and a walk up atm.
There is a business deposit box outside for business drop offs for quick or nightly deposits.
Zero stars for the outdoor atm situation.
I give them more stars for service inside.
But who & why did they decide on this kind of inconvenient atm situation??
I'm mind-boggled by it.
Both atm's are located in the same lane, one, and then the other right behind it.
Obviously, the first car pulls up first, who will obviously be finished first most of the time.
Therefore, leaving an available, yet unavailable atm.
Thanks for the compliment girl!
My visit at this wells fargo was phenomenal !!!
I was lucky to work with yesenia rodriguez, she was extremely professional & helpful!
She helped me open a new credit card and was able to flawlessly answer all my questions!!!
She went above and beyond to help make my experience wonderful!!
Thank you so much your time was greatly appreciated.
One on a saturday.
45 minutes and waiting to cash a check.
Who still banks here??
If i ran my business this way i would be out of business
Dear yelp, so everything is electronic now.
Drive through and deposit, withdrawals, etc.
Mega red tape if you dare set foot in a branch.
Disappointing as they are effectively working themselves out of employment.
So do i praise the atm's?
This ambiguity is awful for an entity that controls your livelihood.
Seems to me like terrible times in some ways.
They have the slowest service ever.
I have an existing acct and it took 30mins to deposit a check?!
If i could join secu, i would..just because they have convenient branches and atm's.
Everywhere i go, there one is.
But i don't qualify to be a member here.
However, i can use their atms for free.
They have a drive up atm here which is accessible against the building in the drive up teller lanes.
The only issue i have with this location is accessibility to the parking lot.
They could have put the entrances in different locations and it would have made more sense.
But oh well, i only come here when i am in the area so it only bothers me a little...
Horrible experience dealing with this mortgage company.
Do not waste your time.
I am reviewing this specific location because the website lists it as the main office/corporate.
I am so pleased with this bank.
I just had a 3-day long conversation back and forth with misty (online rep).
Even though she explained clearly how they were assessed, she still submitted my request for refund to the higher powers.
I just checked today and the fees were refunded!
I'm so happy i closed my b of a account and switched to these guys.
Its been almost a year since opening my nbaz account and life is good.
These guys provide real personal service.
My emails are always answered promptly and clearly.
Although misty explained that in my situation i would probably not get refunded, she still submitted my request.
Ok, so the situation was that i sent an e-check somewhere.
(i suppose that means confirm receipt).
I had assumed the check cleared already, then went ahead and swiped my card at the store.
Sure enough, the next day i had overdraft fees.
Apparently the check cleared at some point the day before, but after i had looked at my balance.
My fault for assuming the check cleared.
I just assumed it had processed the same way all my previous online payments had.
It varies vendor to vendor, and not 100% under the bank's control.
I understand now, thanks to misty's time.
I would definitely recommend this bank to anyone who asked.
One of the appealing things that originally brought me here was their low direct deposit requirement to waive bank fees.
Only $100 monthly as opposed to $250 that b of a asked.
And if i remember correctly, the $250 b of a was asking for was all in one deposit.
It was not a cumulative number that nbaz uses.
When you work in retail, and hours can get cut in the blink of an eye, this matters.
One if the very best car buying experiences we have ever had!
I found the car we bought on the true car app and filled out the form.
We received a phone call from mitch within the hour and made an appointment to come see him.
He was extremely professional and forthcoming and had us in the car the very next day.
I would recommend this place to everyone!
And we will be going back when we look for a car for our daughter.
I purchased my vehicle from this dealership in early 2014.
Immediately after my purchase i contacted the salesman and service department regarding a gear shifting issue.
Coincidentally, they could not duplicate the problem therefore, couldn't fix anything.
Later finding out there are $7,000 in repairs necessary!
4 months later my starter goes out so i had them pick it up to do the repairs.
They advised that i needed a new battery but i could keep the old battery in if i wanted to.
I elected to purchase a new battery expecting it to be replaced.
Instead of politely resetting these switches mike became combative with me in front of my 5 year old son.
I could not tell you why he did this as he responded for the mechanic.
He stated that he sees i don't take my vehicle to them for service.
For the record, a simple phone call to lexus and they gave me 10 second instructions on resetting the windows.
If you do go, do not expect any kind of customer service whether it be sales or service.
They are in my phone as unreliable auto as that is the more appropriate adjective.
That said, this location is awesome, i've never had a problem coming in here and depositing checks or cash.
I am not making a review on this particular branch.
I am making a review on wells fargo home mortgage wherever they may be.
I called for information regarding a new home purchase, getting a loan for a home.
Not too difficult to understand.
I had to repeat this to the woman 4 times.
She kept saying, ok so you want to refinance?
No, i want to apply for a mortgage.
She said, ok, so you want to pay off your mortgage?
No, again, i had to repeat 4 times, how simple can it be.
I want to apply for a new mortgage.
I work in the real estate industry.
I'm very familiar with the loan process.
So he was a useless moron who tried connecting me to someone else.
I just hung up.
They kept losing all of the documents i faxed and emailed to them.
I had confirmation they received all of the documents.
For 4 months, i dealt with these inexperienced people and their unbelievable demands.
After 5 months, i got absolutely nowhere with them.
They made one mistake after another.
I sent 2 documents to them 14 times.
I would stay away from anything to do with a wells fargo home mortgage.
I would rate them below a 1 star if i could.
The worst bank i have ever dealt with.
I really don't wish to write a bad review, but the staff are rude, lazy and the services is horrible.
I've had nothing but bad experience with this bank.
I'm only writing this review, because i've had a negative experience every time i've been to this bank.
Wells fargo next door is miles ahead in customer service.
Don't waste your time with boa
This is honestly the worst td branch i have ever been too.
Please avoid this branch at all costs!
They have no customer service skills whatsoever.
Awesome friendly service every time i go in for my banking needs!
Never have had any problems banking at this location.
This rbc branch has a bank concierge, and she remembered my name the next day.
She remembered my name!
Don't waste your time.
The cars on their lot are old and overpriced.
They also give you low rates for trade-ins.
The workers here at this location are very knowledgeable very friendly and are always willing to help.
Never had any problems with this bank like i have with other banks in the past.
Oh and they gave me a fabulous refinance rate on my vehicle couldn't be any happier.
Open your account here!
I have been dealing with secu for many years and have always had a good experience.
Good location as it's sitting right next to i-10.
Very difficult to leave the branch especially during rush hours.
Friendly staff as always.
I would not want to be there after sunset as there are a lot of homeless people around.
The reason for the two stars is not because of the employees.
First, it at an awkward corner to get in and out easily.
Secondly, there is only one lane for the drive up atm.
Got spoiled with the one by my house since it has three drive up atm lanes.
I learned that yes we have bed experiences as customers but if we could only give a chance...
I get in a fender bender no one injured and they are canceling my policy!
Never a speeding ticket or any other moving violations,what the hell is insurance for.
So don't drive when the snowbirds are out, even though their at fault you get penalized.
B.s      regards another unhappy customer tim
Looooooong lines and not enough help.
I wouldn't care if the people here were the friendliest people on earth.
I would never bank here!
2 tellers with like 30 people in line!?!?
You could spend an hour here.
I would never be here if i didn't have to make a deposit in someone else's account.
Go see steve across the street at citibank.
Best decision you will ever make in banking.
Always great service !
Ask for nika or arturo.
They don't give free money lol but it helps to know the right people
Ani may be one of the worst "customer service" representatives.
Dude, you're a freaking national bank!
Why would you suggest something so stupid?
Not only that, but ani was belittling her in front of other customers who had to defend my girlfriend.
Avoid this branch and avoid ani.
Takes 45 minutes as i'm waiting finally i lose my patients ask for my check.
Go to a different location and get treated like a customer in an out in 5 minutes
Not certain why this location has such a low rating.
Every time i visit, it is very clean and well managed by staff.
The tellers are very professional, nice and accommodating.
I hate going to the bank but these employees make it not so bad.
If you're in the area and need to make a bofa run, i don't find any issues stopping here.
It's pretty much on par for me.
I think this is actually the best banking experience i've ever had.
They are always polite, quick to answer my questions.
I've never had any negative account issues.
Good location as far as banks go.
See luz as an account manager.
She will take care of you.
Everyone else wasn't kidding.
Greg came out and was a total jerk.
He was rude, kept interrupting me, and was very unprofessional.
So i called, and he had the exact same attitude.
Said it was truecar's fault and they never agreed to anything, blah, blah, he was a total jerk.
Then said "i don't get why you're fighting so hard about $100.00"  seriously, it is the principal of the matter.
I clip .25 cent coupons you jerk.
So, lotta good it does me.
The only reason i'm leaving one star at all (other than i have to) is for the staff.
This location is always a mess.
I've seen customers yell at your customer service representatives because of this.
You guys can't afford to hire more tellers?
Not to mention you have the same two tellers also helping out the "merchant only" line.
Which leaves about 40 people in line to wait even longer for one teller.
I'm tired of this.
The employees are fantastic and always patient, they need a raise.
I know i can't be the only one who has complained about this.
Do something about it.
This bank is horrible.
They have the worst customer service.
I have encountered in al long time.
Especially the branch on sunset blvd.
Those employees are the slowest most rude bunch i've seen yet!.
You sit for longer than is necessary.
And when you speak to one of them it's not pleasant.
That makes you defensive.
Because you can see the unprofessionalism.
I had to do a transaction for someone who is a customer at the bank.
I go to drive thru like i've done many times.
I sent it up and cashier came and told me i have to come inside because i'm not a member.
I asked why i done this many times without coming in.
She proceeded we need your thumbprint-on check???.
Never had to do this before .
I go in send again she returns tube.
I'm like what now.
Ok i'm starting to get upset.
I go to desk with tube in hand.
Ask what's the deal.
Lady says check needs your thumbprint.
I'm like why didn't she tell me it was inside tube i looked didn't see it.
It's about as big as a quarter.
I go back put thumbprint.
Send up get money.
No receipt i'm like okay.
She is really trying to annoy me.
And woman is like i don't know you have to go back to her.
Pick up phone and some other chick answers and says i have to wait.
Ok 5 mins i call again same one"miss you have to wait bye!""
Minute later receipt comes.
Is this how they train these people.
My job would call you in office if you blinked to hard at a customer.
I will never be a member at this bank.
I'm not crazy about my bank either.
But at least the customer service is much better.
Also their is no corporate offices in or outside of charlotte.
So if you're looking to lodge a complaint.
Worked with shana, she was a joy to work with!
We were waiting for anyone else.
Also i felt like i was a criminal.
I'm not moving my business accounts there either.
This was a trial run.
I just kind of felt like i was a burden and that i was lucky to have my money there.
I'm going to go somewhere else.
Wish it was different because they're so conveniently located.
But it's not worth the lack of customer service and attention.
Went in today to do the job i hate the most each month-wire money into my loan at home.
They are always just so friendly and efficient.
Bullet point summary: -shiny and new -open sundays -friendly staff.
Total disappointment that cost me a lot of money!
This review i'm writing isn't for a particular chase bank.
It's a overall review of there practices and policies.
Chase bank is all about getting there money not helping the customer.
There customer service is the worst i've seen by any bank in years.
I suggest if you banking go elsewhere.
Yvonne gave me excellent service and went above and beyond to make sure all my needs were met.
I could not be more satisfied!!
This bank sucks so bad!
Customer service is down the drain.
So i left, opened one at another wf branch that knows their shit.
The drive thru is ridiculous.
Only 1 lane when it clearly has room for 2.
The wait is about 5 minutes per transaction if you are lucky.
Otherwise, it's longer wait time.
Tight squeeze to get thru the lot.
If there is an emergency, forget about it.
You might as well leave the car, there is no way you can get out without wait or hitting someone.
I stop here frequently on the way down to the 'rents house.
What else can you say about a bank?
It serves my needs.
The staff inside are rude and i don't mean slightly rude i mean down right rude!
Believe me when it's up i'm gone.
Bofa has gone down hill and has very poor customer service!
This branch has the work employees by far- time to clean house bofa!
Update: i am with a new agent now.
And, the umbrella policy was still incorrect (they needed to coordinate with sc and didn't).
I am so glad to be rid of them!
How scary is it to find out that your deductibles and coverages aren't what you agreed to??
What if i had gotten into a wreck?
There are multiple options, may have to find a nicer way to start my day.
Cmcu this credit union is engaging in the same shady business as banks.
I was  in line 15 minutes before a single person moved.
My teller struggled to communicate in english.
I asked if the atm dispensed usd and was given a line of "bank machines can't calculate exchange rates".
Oh, i wonder how every other machine i have used to get us cash did it.
Maybe it was magic.
The manager of reliable auto is: manny monreal, at 708-321-4990.. they should not be in business.
I will constantly be blasting them until they close shop.
I am back and the only difference is that i got even better service this time!
Btw: brittany singh (personal banker) helped me and she was amazing!
She is definitely an asset to the company.
With the exception of a long line wait on occasion, this place is not bad.
I have found the customer service to be friendly and helpful.
No one has ever been rude or impatient with me.
You can generally set up something at their help desk fairly easily.
I have been a loyal customer of scotiabank for 7 years.
For a 100$ cheque ??!?!
I would recommend banking somewhere else.
If you go in there, stay away from the mexican lady, cassandra.
All she did the whole time was play with her phone the whole time.
Never made eye contact the entire time.
The absolute worst customer service of any bank.
Well, this is the precise reason big banks have such a bad reputation.
I went in to open a savings acct.
Just a place to plant some money and take advantage of the $200 bonus they were giving.
The banker was pleasant, but (and this is big for me) she did not follow up how she promised to.
I decided to open a checking recently for an additional bonus.
Again, the banker was pleasant enough but no follow up there either.
However, he did introduce me to his manager, which was nice.
Okay, so maybe 3 stars so far.
Then i went in to conduct a simple transaction with a teller.
I was finally called over.
The girl didn't say hello or engage in conversation of any kind.
They even needed an override for my transaction.
The supervisor didn't acknowledge me either.
I was pleasant and tried to start a bit of conversation but i was clearly an inconvenience.
I dread having to go back there.
I fear going in!!
Luckily i've always believed in trying things out for myself.
So here i go.
My recent san diego home purchase.
I give our loan originator, mr. ariel jessop with peoples mortgage in salt lake city.
My highest respect and recommendation.
He knows what he's doing.
Customizing our needs to terms, that looked out for our best interests.
On our behalf, ariel also helped with getting our purchase offer accepted.
By communicating with sellers, who had ten other offers.
We got the house!
Honestly, i couldn't have done better.
Having ariel jessop doing our loan, with on time closing and contingencies shorter than usual.
All were met with a better than expected, in a professional timely manner.
It was the best choice i've made and i'd do it again.
He is very strong with friendly communication, professional attention to detail, timelines, responsiveness to concerns, or anything else.
Ariel gave me what was needed most, "ease of mind" and without doubt, "trust".
In our unique situation, i feel very lucky and confident, that we got the best experienced team possible, "team jessop!"
Ariel, will be my go to guy the next time around.
If asked, i'd say... "go see ariel!"
I trust him and peoples mortgage, for doing such a fantastic, flawless job on our behalf.
Making sure that it was done right.
No surprises and a happy outcome.
Professional and personable integrity.
Kim wolford, san diego, ca.
This branch was exceptionally helpful!
He explained how everything worked and was so nice, and explained that i wouldn't be charged any extra fees.
Their customer service is the worst!!!
Twice their people have been rude and unwilling to work with the client let alone answer a question without hostility!!!!!
Thanks for the advice!!!!
I was just in this location bofa.
It is 3:30 friday afternoon and i am trying to make a deposit for my business.
There was only one teller and there were at least 20 people in line.
The line was literally to the door and people could not get in the bank!
I am in this bank 3x week and i feel sorry for the tellers.
They are nice and do their jobs great.
The management of this branch and management in general at b of a is terrible!
Why would they allow something like this to occur.
This is not the first time this has happened!
I won't talk about the 25% interest rate rbc used to rape me.
I guess their service makes up for the ridiculous service fees.
They're getting paid right?!
Vibe  think of a bank.
They got a cool new electronic chalk board for promotions.
It's kind of cool, especially if there's a long wait.
My teller told me about the e-savings account that i can withdraw from at any time without charge.
Of course, i got set up for an appointment to talk about finances.
Obligatory catchy remark  am i being bratty?
But now my savings are automated and i learned some new stuff along the way.
And i'm no longer at a 25% interest rate!
Credit cards are bad.
But seriously, lovely lovely service here.
I been in this location many times.
Their staff has always been super friendly and willing to take care of me.
It's amazing though, i have seen some oddities come in and acting all crazy, riling everybody up.
Who knows of those of the people writing not so good reviews.
Been sitting waiting to be helped for and atm card issue and the lady there appears to be window dressing.
The single teller is backed up by about 30 mins and is in training.
This used to be my favorite bank location.
Think again people they are misleading and liars within the company.
They are dishonest and change their minds or forget what they said.
I find the to be shady and think we all need to look somewhere else for the mortgage needs.
Maybe than they will see they have problems within the company and try to fix them.
The manager jay is a jerk can't see a past the lies of his employees really.
Get with the program employee lie and are completely dishonest.
I love love love this bank!!!
Everyone who works at this branch is amazing!!
Thank you alex and rana for being such great bankers.
I'll never ever leave this bank!!
I initially opened an account with cmcu because they had better auto loan rates than other comparable financial institutions.
To get that rate, i was forced to open- and keep open- a savings account with a minimum $25.00/balance.
After dealing with over a year of medical illness and hospitalizations, i fell behind on that loan.
Not only did charlotte metro do this once, but twice!
It's monday and there's one teller.
Waited awhile since they poorly shorted the staff.
Hooray for credit unions!
Compared to other credit unions i've done business with, cmcu holds up pretty well.
Honestly, most cus have this nailed - it's an essential part of the experience, obviously - so ya.
They're growing - there are now 6 locations in charlotte.
But - c'mon, you knew it was coming - cmcu's not perfect.
Dings include:  broken or empty atm's at peak hours (broken) and sundays (empty).
Only worth mentioning because of the frequency at which these things occur.
Website's a tad slow and anti-intuitive.
But, they do electronic statements, so that's helpful.
Atm withdrawals are limited to 4 per month before they start assigning fees.
Yeah, that's pretty lame.
Getting cash back from a store purchase won't cost you or count.
All in all, i'm pretty comfy with cmcu and plan on continuing to be a customer.
However, if i had access to other more "exclusive" cus, i'd probably do some exploring.
I'm very disappointed with chase bank.
I deposited a check for $55 and another for $16 making it $71 total.
They decided days later that this was a duplicate check which it wasn't it was 2 separate checks!
Anywho they took out $55 and gave me a $12.95 fee.
That was just a ridiculous accusation!!!!
They can't do anything about it.
They tell me they re sent the check and i need to re deposit it.
Okay chase bank i will re deposit it in another bank and close this one.
Never banking here again.
One of the last great banks around.
I highly recommend !
Extremely honest folks who truly value your time.
We appreciate the gallegos fully.
We recently moved to the buckeye area from out of state and needed a new bank.
We looked around and decided on us bank.
Upon entering we were greeted immediately by a gentleman who suggested we have a seat.
Within a few minutes a young lady named dalila helped us open our account and we were on our way.
Everything i've had to go into the bank to do has been a pleasant experience.
Worst bank in u.s. history.. hope they go bankrupt!!
Worst customer service- they don't know how to treat people!!
They don't even deserve one star!
Cathy helped me out here!
She was super nice and friendly.
I would recommend her to anyone.
If i could give this bank zero stars i would.
We don't need your excuse.
You've got elderly people in line that need immediate assistance.
Last week i needed to wire funds to purchase a home in lv.
Layal safieddine, the relationship manager who handled this transaction for me did an outstanding job.
She carefully entered and confirmed every item on the wiring instructions and the transmission went through without a hitch.
The funds cleared in about an hour and everyone associated with the real estate purchase was happy.
So, i'm giving layal and her branch five stars for the excellent service and experience i received.
!no matter what good reviews this place has, don't buy from here!!!
Worst experience ever buying a car from this company.
I got a i135 bmw from this place and regretted it ever since!!!!!
Don't like to hurt someone's business but reliable auto sales dont deserve any!!!
I have been with joann for many, many years and have filed multiple claims both small and large.
I appreciate their kindness and the speed in which they have processed my claims.
I have always been treated kindly by joann and her staff.
If you're thinking of working or doing business here... just don't.
Just joined yelp but wanted to go back and say how great ryan was when he did our mortgage.
He was referred to us from our real estate agent.
We were on a time crunch because we had to be out of our rental.
Ryan kept us updated proactively throughout the process.
We actually were able to close on our house a week early.
We really were happy and appreciate ryan's hard work.
Absolutely the worst bank of america i have ever experienced.
Terrible customer service, ridiculously long lines and never a smile from tellers.
Right now 15 people in line and they are all angry.
I have never seen more then 2 tellers and often only 1.
I had a horrible experience with amerifirst.
Actually i had multiple horrible experiences in just one transaction with them.
I was relocating so i brought in all my documents and was pre-approved.
We made several offers and they did several property specific pre-approval letters.
When we finally had an offer accepted, the approval wan't good anymore, something had changed.
They blamed my realtor, but ultimately they were supposed to be the mortgage experts.
They made error after error and ultimately cost me over $5000.
I could not recommend anyone use them.
They are not growing with the technology.
The atms are like dinosaurs.
I have a checking acct with a different bank.
So i wrote a check to myself and deposited in one nevada.
It was taken, but not given.
I can't stand banking here.
I can't believe they aren't open til 6pm on mon- thurs like other banks!
Just don't bank here.
The car loan and savings what is not revealed to me and a court order had to be produced.
One nevada lied to me about any managers on premisesthat could help me.
This is an ongoing battle between me and this organization for what is right fully mine
I hate dealing with banks.
I cannot stress this enough i hate dealing with banks.
But at least this bank has a great manager brendon anytime i have a issue he resolves it fast.
I would not advise anyone to bank here.. the staff was courteous but not loyal.
They froze my account, couldn't get my funds.
The totally lied never again!
Inconvenient corner with awkward entrance and exit that doesn't fit 2 cars at once.
Drive up service is never more than 1 teller at a time.
Place makes me angry.
Sitting here for 40 minutes waiting for a banker who apparently cant stop chatting and help other clients.
Every branch is the same way.
Horrible.. decided to close all my accounts with them.... rude staff.
Brandon committed to getting our transaction completed in a very short window and he delivered with time to spare.
I can't say enough about how positive our experience was when working with brandon and his team.
Stopped here today to deposit some cash and change my name on my accounts, as i recently got married.
I waited in a decently long line (6-8 people) while two tellers worked their way through the customers.
She informed me that a banker would have to help me.
So, i signed in and waited for a banker.
One approached me as i was signing in and told me someone would be with me shortly.
I joked that it looked like the other woman had been waiting there a while.
Instead of laughing, he looked at me and said "yeah, she has."
I waited for 10 minutes and the sleeping woman was called into a banker's office.
I was excited that i would be next.
I informed her that i did not-- i had my driver's license and social security card with current (changed) name.
She then informed me that i needed to have my marriage certificate in order to have my name changed.
So, now i've waited for nearly 20 minutes only to be told that they can't help me.
Sounds like it would be easier to just switch banks at this point...
Us bank currently handles all my business checking needs and they only needed my driver's license to change my name.
If i can give it a zero star i would.
Juan pagan is an idiot.
He is slower than a sloth.
He made a mistake on notarizing our deed of trust that costs us to miss the locking deadline.
How hard it is to copy the name from one piece of paper to the next.
Think again people they are misleading and liars within the company.
They are dishonest and change their minds or forget what they said.
I find the to be shady and think we all need to look somewhere else for the mortgage needs.
Maybe than they will see they have problems within the company and try to fix them.
Staff and tellers have poor customer service.
I always dread going there.
Where did you pick up these disrespectful stupid girls?
Don't put your family's safety in reliable auto's hands!!!
They sell bad cars!!!
Reliable auto sales is not "reliable"!!!!
Car appears to have been in an accident and was never disclosed!!!
I hope this review will help you avoid being in the situation my family and i are in.
Don't put your trust in this dealership.
Don't put your family in their vehicles.
Reliable auto sale is not reliable!!"
We had been shopping around town for a week before finding "reliable" auto sales website.
Obviously we were thrilled to have found the perfect car for our family.
We test drove the car and looked at the carfax.
Everything seemed to be in order so we purchased the car.
The next day when i reversed the car out of the garage i heard a "knock" come from the car.
Everything seemed to be working properly until i reversed the car into a parking stall.
When i turned the wheel i heard the "knock" again.
After having the car about a month now the car still makes that "knocking" sound.
My husband and i decided to take the car back to the dealership to be looked at.
This made no sense to us because the car doesn't "knock" when we go over a speed bump.
My husband immediately called the dealership and spoke to the manager who was rude and unhelpful.
My husband then spoke to the gm of the dealership and he was even worst!!
However, all of my husbands words fell on def ears.
Don't put your trust in this dealership.
Don't put your family in their vehicles.
Reliable auto sale is not reliable!
After receiving numerous pre-approved letters in the mail, i decided to check it out.
I wanted to refinance to do updates in preparation of the sale of my home.
Told it was in underwriting and she had to clarify my income for them and things are moving forward.
A week later, someone from underwriting calls me and says i don't qualify!
This location has the best customer service.
Every employee is extremely friendly and knowledgeable.
I do wish they would bring back their coin counter though.
Tins of employees just standing over each other in the back.
Excellent service....happy to help.
Most of the bad reviews are centered around frustration with the insurance company.
Joann is a loyal individual who prides herself not in sales, but offering individuals insurance that works for their family
This place only has one or two attendants available at its busiest time.
The managers are rude as well and will constantly try to redirect you to an atm.
Avoid this place at all cost.
I have to agree, service at this location is terrible.
It's now almost end of nov and i have only just received the card...still no sign of the checks.
Lets just say most of the repairs to the house we moved into oct 1st are now completed.
Once we were called and told our card and checks were waiting at the branch.
The staff is great here they have a lot of atm's.
The location only supports two teller windows.
This is a busy bank and there is alway a line and people waiting in the lobby.
The atm's do not do cashiers checks and other paper business transactions.
This location need more personal bank tellers to help customers.
Brandon greene, state farm agent in east liberty, was extremely helpful and informative.
I was able to clearly understand what my options are and identify the best avenue to take for myself.
I recommend brandon and state farm for all of your insurance needs.
The worst banking center ever.
So i went this morning.
One teller, only one.
I was there when they opened and was the second customer.
I needed change and the teller told me she didn't have it, did i want other denominations?
I said no, i wanted what i asked for.
It took "4 managers" 20 minutes to give me my change while i waited.
23 minutes going early in the morning.
There were 20 people in line behind me and no one of their "managers" offered to help anyone.
Really crummy customer service, in a neighborhood of many small businesses.
Delayed post from about 30-45 days ago.
For some reason it didn't get on.
I'm glad that branches are still available to where you can talk to somebody in person about your needs.
Because, you cannot always find your answer online.
Or, schedule an appointment for the next day.
Open saturdays until 3 pm- that's convenient.
As you enter, there is an atm to your right side.
Inside, there is a small waiting area with a coffee pot on the desk on your left.
There were three bank tellers wearing the blue shirt uniform with one manager supervising (new trainees?).
I was in line for less than three minutes.
The trainee was courteous and asked if i wanted my balance.
Speedy trip to the bank- nice & easy.
Formerly wamu, there are so many locations of chase bank throughout the city and beyond.
This whole bank is a complete joke!
I was slapped with so many random "fees" it was absurd, all of which i had to fight for.
I had an account for 4 months and finally said screw it and closed it.
I do not recommend them at all.
Huge mistake on my part for choosing them.
Additionally, their locations are so spread out and not convenient at all.
Go with someone else and save yourself the hassle, seriously.
There was no one using the atm outside so it was a quick stop.
This is an egregious misrepresentation.
Not only is it not free, they charge $4 to get cash.
They even had the co-op stickers on the atm to lure you in.
Shameful and they owe me $16 in fees for the misrepresentation.
This is not my favorite summit branch....
I recently got married (yay!!!!).
I'm the only account holder here.
My wife has no bank account.
The teller says to me "your wife needs to be on the bank account to cash these."
I then asked her why my wife couldn't just sign them over to me and i can cash them.
I looked for the branch manager, the commercial lender found him.
Mr. jim costanzo came out and introduced himself.
He asked what was wrong, i told him.
He said we could have just had my wife sign them over.
I told him to tell his teller that.
We did end up going back in and a different teller cashed these wedding checks no problem....
Someone must have held a staff meeting.
Lets get it right the first time...
I've been coming here for years.
It is right downtown beside concordia, so that might have a lot to do with it.
The good parts, though: the receptionist is amazing and always directs people to the quickest person that can help them.
She's also joked with me a couple times about different things when i make my appointments.
Shes actually one of the reasons this gets such a high rating!
11/30/17 this bank( not the branch, per-se) has completely failed in so many ways.
I have been locked out of my accounts for over a week now.
I will probably switching banks again.
The guys at this branch are great!
So far so good.
I have gone through about 4 banks in the past 6 months.
Looks like i finally found the right one.
Another important fact was my direct deposit.
Its a federal employer.
So, with some banks, federal payroll hits direct deposit on saturday mornings of the week prior to actual payday.
::thumbs up:: plus, they are open 7 days a week.
The only con is that they don't open till 10am.
Ill get over it.
This is a great branch!
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
They take pride in taking care of their customers and making sure to give fast and courteous service.
The worst bank in az.
They only have one teller working everyday.
There is 6 windows in this bank and only one teller working every single day.
I advise everybody in tempe to stop coming here.
Corporate needs to fix this bank and its staff and make sure it runs as a bank should be.
Once again i advise nobody to go to this bank they will waist your time.
Very very horrible customer service.
This review is for the drive-through, as i have not been inside recently.
The tellers are quick and friendly, and i haven't experienced a long line yet!
This place is awesome mary nell is the best.
Well i was financed for the car at a good rate.
She also gave me some of her tamales.
I will be buying my next car here also
I called ahead to make an appt to open a significant trust account.
I was told no appt.
Are taken it was first come first serve.
I waited 45 minutes on one occasion then left.
I called this morning and was told if i came right away they could help me.
I left work and was there in 4 min.
I put my name in and waited 20 min.
Now that they knew i had significant money i could all of a sudden get an appt.
I wasn't the only angry customer at bank of america today.
So sad they run such a poor branch.
Customer service is horrible!!!!!!
Stay away from this place as a matter of fact stay away from bank of america in general.
The 1.5 star rating is pretty self explanatory.
I went in to get change for a $20, but i'm not a boa member.
So i was told that they can only help members with that.
Justin vaught is always available to answer questions and provide updated status on our mortgage application.
Additionally, he facilitates a stress free mortgage approval process.
If you need a mortgage, please contact justin.
I stopped at this branch last week to open a business checking account.
The teller told me to "have a seat" while she determined whether someone could help me.
He also said they were booked up for a day.
I drove a couple miles to a credit union.
I went in and opened a business checking account, no appointment necessary.
The entire process took 35 minutes.
This chase branch is poorly managed.
The employees seem poorly trained and worse, they don't really seem to care about their customers.
I would avoid it at all cost.
I'm also moving my personal accounts from chase.
This is the worst bank.
They say they are a personal bank but they don't help at all.
They only help if it is their fault.
Not willing to make.
My account was compromised and the "personal service" was poor.
Do not bank at this bank.
The most messed up placement of atm's!!!
When a family member was passing from cancer!
This bank assigned a family member to the power of attorney that was not requested to be on..
When sought to correct, this bank escalated things to the police in order to prevent correction.
The result was the son getting barred from the bank for life because he asked why the bank did that.
The bank had no sympathy for the family member and only took actions in their own interests.
The assistant manager's name was angie out of the delmont branch and manager's name was wendy.
My name is michael kokolis and this is all true.
This bank and all of its corporate managers where aware of the events.
Please highly consider this review before banking or continuing to bank with first commonwealth bank.
I'm a loyal customer because they have high interest rates and minimal fees.
When i say minimal, i mean almost none.
The service is friendly and the locations are convenient there is  a branch in most cities in northeast ohio.
The newer building don't have drive throughs but they do have at least 6 teller windows open every day.
I'm a little old fashioned when it comes to my money.
I still go into the bank to get money and cash checks.
It works for me.
I recommend third federal to anyone looking for good service from a responsible bank without a bunch of silly fees.
Not a fan of this bank of america location compared to others.
I think the employees should probably be better trained or something because this location is pretty inconvenient.
It's a shame because i'm usually a fan of bofa banks!
The manager, kristin goes out of her way to being rude to customers!
I would likely never come back!
Don't go here unless you're expected to be treated rudely.
This bank is an awful choice for small business.
Excessive fees for everything.
Charges for depositing too much cash in a month, high monthly service charges, etc.
The staff from top to bottom isn't knowlegable about business or even their own policies.
They aren't any good for personal checking either.
This banking center is horrible!
The staff are nice and pleasant, but the service quality definitely leaves something good to be desired.
At the busiest part of the day, they decide to send all but one of their bank tellers on break.
So you got one teller, for a line of 7 or more people.
And then the hostess says "thank you for spending you time" in their bank.
The stars are only because the service here is good.
The bank itself sucks.
They are the worst with mortgages and loans.
This bank personnel is friendly and very helpful.
The parking is sometimes impossible but overall this one gives good service with a horrible bank.
This is my bank, this is the only one i'll go to in tempe.
And i make sure i go inside because the people are so friendly.
This guy has taken care of me and really saved me money.
I got out of a bad contract with another bank and they really helped me out.
There weren't any of those hidden fees that you have no idea where they come from.
It's just cut and dry.
It was also conveniently located across the street from the desert ridge shopping area.
Not much more i could ask for.
Return factor - 75%
I love this location.
Very small bank that does not have a large amount of traffic.
It is one of the friendliest neighborhood banks in the valley.
He was very knowledgeable about the products which helped me and my business partner make the best decisions.
His level of professionalism was top 10.
I now know more about the services bofa has to offer and a new friend.
Thank you bofa for hiring such wonderful people to represent your organization.
I have not been super impressed lately with service.
One deposit at the window - now takes 10 minutes.
When the last bank manager was there - it was not this way.
They have not hired appropriate personnel.
What happened with this previously wonderful branch?
Before they had enough tellers to serve the customers, but now the situation is very different.
But waiting times are really really bad.
Rbc customer for 20 years
Karen moon and her team are amazing!!
I don't think abby can ever make a mistake...love it!
Thank you amerifirst and karen moon/team for restoring my faith in the mortgage loan process.
You did a wonder job for my family and my realtor, murdoch tignor.
Not sure why there are so many bad reviews of this place.
It is a used car dealer after all, so you know the drill before even going there.
They went over it with a fine toothed comb and deducted for every little thing they could find.
Oh well its too much of a pain for me to try to sell it on my own.
Mitch was professional  and as honest and fair as you could expect a used car salesman to be.
Key is just know what you want going in and they are not trying to rip you off..
I rarely write online reviews but i am very impressed with the customer service at this office.
It was not because he was unavailable.
On the contrary, he is very responsive and helpful...
Epifania always fully understood my complex issues the first time i explained them.
From our various phone conversations, i could tell she was smart and "with it."
The prices were also very reasonable.
They had the lowest rates and best coverage after comparing the major companies in the area.
What can i say...its a bank.
I like bofa because of it's ease of access.
I can find one everywhere.
People are always freindly and they give me my money when i need it.
I've been a very satisfied stearns customer for over 14 years now., and they have never let me down.
The big banks claim to care, but in fact you know they could care less.
I would ignore the one negative comment here as one never knows the circumstances of someone's financial dealings.
The bank itself is usually very slow.
However i must say i was very impressed with antonio sida.
I have been sick and due to illness i had difficulty in getting a payment in.
He helped me with the situation and it was resolved.
I am greatful, in and out, no problems.
I live in san antonio texas and found a audi a4 on car guru.
He was so nice and helpful that it almost made me suspicious.
Being in texas i had to send an auto loan check to hold the car.
Sending a place i had never seen  a 25000 check made me nervous.
Damont was great and assured me of reliable autos integrity and high standards.
He could not have been more right.
They held the car for me for over a month never cashing the check.
When i saw the car yesterday 4/7/15 it exceeded my expectations.
This place is the real deal!!!!
Great deals, great cars and great people.
Hard to believe the 2 bad reviews when i had such a great experience.
There were deals all over the lot and the selection of high end cars was amazing.
As for damont he could not have been nicer and more engaged in helping me purchase this great car.
It's a bank with a drive up atm - what more can i say?
Dark parking lot with a few lights..
Money gram users beware.
It's only a $1 to give a money gram but 6% when you go to cash it.
This was not a very fun experience for me.
The whole thing was rather stupid and i think i'd like to never come back here again.
The gal helping me did a decent job so that 1 plus for them.
Insults customers with ridiculous force sales and opens accounts and services without asking.
There's simply no way to establish any kind of trust or even respect
(the friend i was with works at a td!!!!)
I am giving national bank one star because technically they do function as a "bank."
That being said, that is the end of their functionality.
We ended up having to tap our 401k to pay what the bank had promised they would advance.
We also inquired around that time as to which accounts for which interest rates.
My wife followed up on multiple occasions for a response, and no one ever got back.
Do you think that happened?
The $3,000 that was free and clear in there before my large end-of-year deposit somehow magically disappeared as well.
I would bank with a mason jar in my backyard before i would bank with these people.
All talk, no action.
As one other reviewer said, we're switching to usaa.
National bank of arizona top rating in ranking arizona is an utter and complete sham.
The only thing they're the best at is sucking at what they do.
Good day and good night.
I've never been inside this place - i never go inside banks really anymore.
There is one cash machine here and three lanes to talk to a teller from your car.
The little brunette teller was wonderful, i absolutely adored her, otherwise i would give a one star.
I asked to change my pin and the manager lady said it would be a few minutes.
Thirty five minutes later after being told this six times, i finally ask the same manager what is going on.
Wish she would have told me that immediately instead of putting it off for almost forty minutes.
I came here to make a deposit for my job.
Excellent and outstanding service from everyone in the branch.
Fresh baked cookies in the morning and hot coffee!
The service my husband and i received from christina crabtree and peoples mortgage company was amazing.
Christina and peoples mortgage company made purchasing the home very easy.
Io have to start by saying i love boa online banking and atms.
But that would be the extent of it.
If you have business banking to do stay far far away from this boa.
Will never go out of their to help you with anything.
Why do i keep my money here?
Oh yeah online banking, humm i think i am ready for a change!
I've been in the hospital twice this month.
One was a delivery and the second he had a fever.
Both hospitals used sodexo.
I have never eaten, or attempted to on many cases, such disgusting food.
And i'm not a picky person.
The only good food sadly is a cheesesteak.
I tried to eat the pasta last night but i just couldnt stomach it.
The "meatballs" we're of a consistency of cottage cheese.
He had to go out and get us something.
The "pot roast" was two slivers of lunch eat roast beef with a can of condensed veg soup on top.
It was so bad i cannot even explain.
I can't believe these people are giving this garbage to people who have to heal.
I am very happy with this bank.
Customer service is a top priority the people that work there are knowledgeable and friendly.
Bought my charger here last year and i'm in still in love with it!
The guys there were super cool and i didn't feel any pressure when buying.
They were upfront about what i qualified for vs what i wanted.
But most of all the service dept.
And not no nickle n dime either even with an expired warranty!
Staff is nice and friendly.
Whenever i go here, it's usually during a break from work or on my way home.
They never seem overwhelmed when there is a line, which lends to the overall environment when it's crowded.
Two thumbs up in my book.
If you need a car, please go see doug or harry.
They worked together to make sure everything went smoove with my purchase.
Very convenient location right outside st patricks subway station.
Very down to earth people work there who are very helpful and friendly.
Never a bad experience here!
Didn't even run credit .. and gave me a very high down payment amount....
Didn't even greet me when i came in
I would rate this branch lower, if i could.
My account has been with this branch for 15 years.
Went in at 9:30am this morning to get a notary to sign a paper.
Only 2 other customers in the bank.
Customer service person that greeted me was learning how to use her ipad.
Told me i needed an appointment for the notary and no appointments were available until the afternoon.
I walked to the next bank down the street, compass, and got the document signed right away.
If you want good customer service, avoid bofa.
I am not a customer of this bank, and after my experience today, i never will be.
I received a check in the mail, paid by wells fargo's "billpay" feature.
It was damaged by the post office during transit, and the date was missing from the check.
Upon entering the bank, it had a nice feel to it, and there wasn't a line.
When she returned, she explained that they also cannot help because there isn't a date on the check.
At this point i grew frustrated, because the check was cut by the bank, not by the original payer.
This should be something that they can find in their computers, right?
Well, if they can, they refuse to do it.
I was turned away, and back to square one.
I was then forced to contact the original payer and request information regarding the bill pay transaction.
He sent me a screenshot from his wf account.
I took that to wf a second time.
In 10-15 business days.
There's always just one teller working here along with a long line of pissed off people waiting.
Not sure why this location even exists if you're only going to have one location.
This is a good location and close to work.
But unfortunately, i was regret coming here because i have to wait 10-15 minutes.
They should this place into a starbucks!
I was in desperate need of a loan and took the survey while waiting to be approved.
So, $132.65 was deducted out of every paycheck but what i didn't expect were some other surprises with my utilities.
I've had loans from other places that weren't quite as outrageous with their finances as rapid cash.
It's not worth the headache at all!
Good customer service but they are soooooo slow.
I don't think they were trained well or maybe just hiring the bottom of the barrel.
Don't go to the window.
Leon pearson jr. is what it means to be successful.
His staff is amazing, especially marie.
Marie always takes the time to call or email me regarding any issues i may have.
This location is clean and well maintained.
Leon's office is the far the sweetest office of any insurance agent i've seen (which hasn't been many).
I highly recommend leon pearson jr. and especially marie for your insurance needs.
I am so glad that i opened an account at this credit union!
That's an extra $200 a month saved !
Their customer service was great as well as their follow up!
We had both of the loans done in less than a week signed and checks mailed out !
My representative was yvonne and she was fantastic all around!
Have already referred a few friends and family and will continue to do so!
This is what credit unions are all about !
The lady at the service counter, toni was very kind and helpful.
She also seemed to be a really good multi-tasker.
She kept the line moving swiftly.
The bank itself is where my problem is.
No one, over the phone or in the drive through seems as if they know what's going on.
Also i lost my bank card and they sent me a new one in the mail.
I was out of town and stick on a weekend not being able to get money out.
The man helping was milo.
I was going to setup a business account with chase and his mansplaining was terrible.
I had to leave.
Not the location to do any transaction that requires a banker.
Walked in today to open another account, and they said i had to make an appointment.
W it was weird because we were ther only customers in the branch.
Go to the val vista and elliot bofa, wayyyy better
Don't let all of the negative reviews sway you!
No writes about positive experiences, and was my experience more than positive!
I will always work with her whenever i can!
Peoples mortgage has given us a truly great experience as we embarked on the challenge of purchasing our first home.
Most of all, we highly recommend our agent dale pflepsen!
He was patient, sincere, dedicated and we felt he was truly looking out for us.
We can't thank you enough dale for making the entire process easy for us.
We're truly glad we made the right choice going with peoples mortgage!
I went saturday to transfer money from my chase rewards/chase freedom credit card.
I walked from the longhorn to boulder crossroads.
Nothing like good cardio!
Only 2 bankers on duty, while the cubicles were empty.
A lady helped me out by dialing the number to transfer the money to my checking account.
Plus, i needed coffee.
Extremely long wait times.
1 teller working and 3 other employees just staring at the line of people.
Not one manager acknowledged the line or anyone in it.
I feel like bank of america has become the walmart of banks.
Leelee is amazing at this location.
I have a business account with this bank and we keep it here because of her.
She's so friendly and welcoming.
It's refreshing to deal with her each and everytime i come to the bank.
She always remembers that my daughter likes butterscotch and rootbeer lollipops as well.
Makes my daughter smile everytime we come in.
She is a great face for the bank.
She's wonderful and this bank needs more employees like her.
Thank you for being so great!
Literally 1 employee at 2pm on a thursday.
This a joke......other ladies just sitting at their desks not helping.
The line is literally 10 people long and the lady at the desk isn't helping much either.
I dread going into this bank.
Last time i was there, i needed to get a debit card replaced.
The "greeter" said that the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes!
There was only one person waiting.
I went to elliot location and they helped me after a 10 minute wait.
Every time i go to that bank the line for the tellers is long and the wait is long.
They only have 2 tellers and the bankers and greeter mill around like they have nothing to do.
Maybe they should employ another teller instead of the worthless greeter.
I received a flyer offering pretty much the lowest refi rates i could find anywhere.
Most important, there were no gimmicks or games.
The flyer said "lock your rate for only $295.
We pay everything else" & it was just as advertised, with all fees, title insurance, appraisals, etc.
There was always a live customer service rep available during business hours.
Phone calls and e-mails were returned in a reasonable amount of time.
Reps were always pleasant & professional.
Their "my mortgage center" portal was relatively easy to use.
And the closing was painless....a notary came to our house with the settlement package.
I don't think it gets much better than third federal.
It's simple: great people work here!
What a great surprise stumbling across this bank!
I opened both a savings and checking account here.
I'm thinking - here we go again.
But it was one of those think on your feet moments.
Off they went (i'll assume to get approval).
In fact, if you use a non-midfirst bank atm, they will refund you the service fees.
How refreshing with the current state of banking.
4:30 on a friday and a line out the door.
Who is the manager of this establishment?
2 tellers for a friday afternoon sounded sufficient to you?
Everyone in line was complaining that it's always like this at this location.
I notice it's like this at every boa i've ever visited.
They're terrible with scheduling employees
The food here is laughably unhealthy for being next to a hospital and a university.
Just tons of sugary items, white bread, and cheese on everything.
The oatmeal was topping options were even more sugar instead of nuts and blueberries.
There were no ingredients listed so you have to waste time (for customer and staff) asking.
Dear restaurant manager: a lack of healthy and/or plant-based options in 2018 is just not acceptable.
Pork products and dairy are not welcoming to the non-white population.
We were misguided into a brutal equipment lease by craig colling.
Even the guy who led us to paramount asked "how did you get messed up into this lease?"
What we thought was a purchase agreement, were misguided to a "lease".
Expensive lesson learned and i recommend that you read the contract fully.
Calculate carefully the number of payments and months along with total contracted price.
Contracts are very sketchy.
Jim roybal just kept saying to read the contract and contact your attorney.
Contracts only state a monthly fee and no summary of charges.
Our lawyer agreed it was indeed a bait and switch lease.
Even after paying a 24 month loan off in 11 months we only saved $1695 in interest.
The tellers here are good and fairly quick which is always appreciated because people got things to do!
I guess coming on friday wasn't the best idea i've ever had....
From good to bad to worse.
This will not be your choice for financial services if you are a business.
The branches are fine for personal transactions and the basics but they cannot compete with the big banks.
They do not have near the vast amount of knowledge when compared.
Ten years ago it was a good choice.
Five years ago it was fine.
Wow was she helpful.
Was never treated this way at chase and she made me feel appreciated for bringing my business to us bank.
Highly recommend this us bank branch and amber the personal banker.
They need to have another drive thur atm and please make them a tad shorter?
Or maybe i need to get a high car?
Found this office after talking to a couple other after relocating to the area.
They are amazing compared to any state farm office!!
After working with jessica via email & phone i stopped in to wrap things up & they were so helpful!
They even helped me with a vehicle loan & 401k rollover from a previous job.
Don't waste your time on other state farm offices - this is the best!
The tellers are always pleasant and efficient so i have no complaints.
One of these days....
Parking is not an issue since it's inside the albertson's so there's a huge lot.
And most of the time there is not a line.
They have suckers for the kids.
Unfortunately my grandson knows this.
I received most excellent customerservice here - and im not even a customer!
From the time i walked in the door til the time i left, i was made to feel welcome.
If i decide to get a bank account, itll probably be here.
Kudos to wells fargo for stepping up their game!
Ive been banking with wells fargo since 1996 and i've some minor problems but not much.
I usually only have to go thru the drive thru and that is what this review is about.
Always friendly and fast!!!
Thank you so much for great and kind server with a smile!
I prefer banks that when you go in they know you.
I believe i found that here.
My husband and i opened a checking account with them today.
Shauna was the banker that set up our account.
She was super nice and informative.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
The service is always fast and the employees are very friendly.
My one complaint is the parking lot is frequently difficult to navigate.
The drive thru is usually fast and the atm's are easy to get and almost never have a line.
The staff knows me by name, and i notice they know a lot of their patron's names.
They are very friendly and professional, i always feel at home here.
I hope this bank never changes!
I've been using first commonwealth for years and was happy to see the branch in the southside.
Downfall of using first commonwealth in the city is the number of branches / atms.
I made a secured credit card on august 15 with the representative, diana.
I had a previous address in ca when my parents made a account.
She said she updated the address to my current one.
It did not arrive again.
I needed the card before september 1.
Now she does not even call back to me without resolving any problems.
I left voice message to resolve this problem.
(i now know that diana lied).
The representative on the phone then updated the address and said the card will be sent out.
I was very outrageous and i am not this kind of person.
I would like to cancel their service right away after i get what i want.
This branch is delightful!
I have gone in for many things and have always been treated beautifully.
I have had to ask for many notary services and various complicated requests while trying to settle my brother's estate.
Kristin petersen and juan galindo have been especially helpful and have gone to extra lengths in customer service.
I called the day before i went in and asked a few questions.
The day i went in they gave me false information.
I asked to talk to the general manager dave and they said he didn't feel like talking.
Dave was very rude and unprofessional.
They address customers by saying hey, wassup homie.
I was working with steven and he was eating chocolate while he was negotiating with me.
I will never get a car there!
They will not get my money treating me like this !
Just bought my second car .... a+++++.... would definitely recommend........ going to tell everyone that is looking for a car.....
I feel like i drove away a winner....very happy...both times..... ask for mitch... he is amazing
Weird how some branches can be great and others shitty... must be the management!
Waited over 35 minutes in the drive thru to deposit checks!
Waited 25 minutes inside to deposit another time.
They take forever, and locations are not convenient.
$65 to order checks.
This is the branch i use to deposit my company checks.
They are always courteous and fast.
Personal bankers are nowhere in sight.
You can't just walk in and talk to one.
You'd either have to make an appointment or wait for a long time to speak with one.
I wanted to speak with one about refinancing but nobody was available.
With their unwillingness to help, i wouldn't trust this branch to handle any of my future financial transactions.
My mother in law subsequently asked if she could draft up and get a few documents notarized in th future.
She specified what these items were and denise told her it would not be any trouble.
We also were told the items in question could not be notarized.
I complained to the manager, jacqueline.
After further investigation she realized that whoever processes death certificates hadnt done what was required on their end yet.
(jacqueline this can take over 2 months, for future reference).
What was outrageous was that jacqueline implied this situation was our error.
She took zero responsibility for denise.
She said "our employees know the policy.
We do this all the time."
To which i said, "clearly they dont because nobody communicated the time length to my mother in law.
Nobody told  her that notarizing was not possible."
Jacqueline shrugged me off.
As a manager, here is a tip, acknowledge where your employees have exhibited shortcomings and take some damn responsibility!
I will be contacting both the regional and corporate offices on this issue.
There is a lack of training on all levels this seems.
And for god's sake do your job and follow through so you arent adding more stress to a grieving person!!!
We use to have our business checking accounts there about 5 years ago.
As i mentioned, have not bank at the scottsdale location for many years.
Trying to get the situation resolved has been a nightmare.
Stay away from compass bank.
I'm a new wells fargo customer and was trying to get my account going today.
Jennifer rivera (banker) was so helpful and friendly in helping me with my needs.
At least it's all over with and i'm now all good to go with my checking account.
Everyone at this location was so friendly and sweet none the less :)
I believe that this branch sits on the former blockbuster videos that closed down due to the company closing.
The branch is also next to a grocery store, so there's a lot of traffic.
It doesn't have a drive-thru window, and it has one atm with card access after hours.
Lobby is pretty big and the last time i went there, there was a security guard standing on guard.
Overall service was okay.
I have been a customer of bank of america for over 25 years.
I in person go in and transfer funds from my checking account to pay off my credit card every month.
Yesterday i went to exactly that.
Keep in mind that the check had merry christmas mom written on the lower left section.
In addition to that fact i signed the check in front of the teller.
The woman informs me that there may be a $12 charge.
I asked a $12 charge for what?????
She says the check was written last year.
My response was of course it was written last year it was 2017 christmas president.
She then advises me to ask my daughter to void this check and resend another one.
She calls this other man over and now i am getting pissed.
She got me so angry i ripped the check up.
I wonder if i was wearing a bakar would she have done this most unacceptable rude thing.
If i could do no stars, i would.
Anytime i have came here the employees are so ridiculously rude!
It's crazy how any other bank i've ever gone to everyone is so happy and helpful.
It's the complete opposite here.
Would literally drive 20 minutes to another bank so i don't have to deal with them again.
As such, do not, under any circumstances, trust the banker samir.
Listen to your intuition: he is as shady as he seems.
It will cause you problems down the road.
They're just trying to cover there own ass.
Also when i was there there was another lady customer who also havnt gotten her card either.
So i decided to go to another boa and then i got my card a week later!!
I don't get why there service is terrible.
I will never ever go back to this bank.
You receive conflicting information 70% of time.
Not certain anyone at branch knows the correct answer.
Probably one of the worst wells i've been to.
I understand wait times, but that is ridiculous!
When you have more people working the drive-thru and 10 personal bankers it just doesn't make sense?
I know i'm not crazy here... lol
People here are usually friendly.
Drive through is pretty swift.
You just don't want to leave your car here over night.
I'll try and put my frustration into words.
I have perfect credit and cash for a down but was still treated with so much disrespect.
Everyone but mary was pathetic.
Even the "big boss" was a dick.
Why would chase assign a personal banker for location i've never been too??
They asked me to come in to meet my personal banker.
I get to the bank at 5 like i was asked.
For my personal banker to tell me i have the right accounts.
I'm not sure what i was expecting but thanks chase for wasting my time.
Was looking for a new bank that is available everyday and closes later than all the other banks.
Came across midfirst which is an oklahoma base company.
They branched out to arizona.
They have opened many locations within arizona.
Well depends on which location you go to.
It will show on your account initially, but after it officially goes through the fee is taken out.
They have recently partnered with asu and have some cool asu card designs.
One is all black with the fork logo embossed, pretty cool.
When you get any of the asu cards a portion of your purchases goes to the school.
So overall i really like this bank.
Slowest bank i have ever gone to.
No matter what time of day.
Have never seen more than two tellers active.
This is technically my banking location.
Mostly because of the proximity to our home.
It is simply the closest branch.
I use the atm for quick withdrawals, check deposits, etc.
Rarely need to go inside for any transactions.
I miss the day of smitty's big town in scottsdale where i felt like a part of the branch.
You'd stop in and see familiar faces as tellers.
They knew you by name and could talk to you about current events.
Seems like times have changed a lot since those days.
Now my account is actually set up for atm use only.
It just seems like banks have done away with the personal touches that used to be commonplace.
Overall, it is a nice location.
A walk-up atm, a business night-time drop-off box, and three drive-up atm lanes.
Just wish banking was more personal like the old days so i could rate my experience higher.
I just closed my account at the tempe branch.
The online banking platform is terrible, there are no atms.
When i asked why, the bank manager replied by asking me 'who uses an atm anymore'.
I accidently over drafted the account by 30 bucks.
That is an organization that understands how to treat their customers which is why they get 99.9% of my business.
I can't see why anyone would ever bank with an institution that offers so little in technology and non-empowered employees.
Standing in line as we speak...
I've been waiting twenty minutes despite only 1 person in front of me in line.
Thanks for reminding me why i no longer bank here regularly...
Went in to get some euros.
But if i wanted to wait 45 minutes for him to return i could.
Maybe they should update the main website to reflect this branches revised hours for fx.
Call to find out what time lunch is before you go.
I like this cibc as it is conveniently located in bayview village and has an entrance leading to the bank.
It is never overrun, so you can get your day to day banking done without having to wait.
This place is by far the worst place as a bank in history.
Angel the rep said okay i can do that.
But i wasnt i was only 9 days past due on my vehicle and they wouldn't let me pay.
I told her that it doesn't matter now because i'm fine but i do want them to stop contacting me.
I said i called for you all to leave me alone and quit contacting me!
She then hung up on me which they always do!
This is the worst bank ever.
I wish these people would leave me alone.
They already took my car and made my credit card a charge off.
I have moved on and i wish they would move on and quit contacting me!!
Danny and alex are amazing!
After 30 days i had my house.
If looking for people that speak spanish, danny is the man.
I truly cannot thank him enough for making this a successful experience.
Terrible service they were rude and inconsiderate.
Reliable auto was great!
We worked with salesman charlie who heard what we wanted and found us the car we were looking for.
My car now runs excellent with no issues!!
Thy definitely have wonderful customer service
College kid, 2 accounts, 1 mistake.
Some banks advertise 24 hr grace etc.
Her mix up was fixed in 24 hrs, they stuck it to her 3 times!
Like the commercial, see how many fees we can get.
On top of that they were down right cruel to a young girl in tears.
Would never recommend you!
As a business owner, a good working relationship with your bank is key.
At duca i've been treated like a human, not a statistic.
Thats the way it should be.
I'm giving the joint the 5 star treatment !!
First world problems folks!!!
Put on your big girl panties and suck it up!!!
That's my 5 cents.
It's worth exactly what you paid for it!!
Overprice  it to someone else.
One teller on a friday?
Are you kidding me?
I waited in line for an hour.
How do u only have 1 teller on your busiest day?
I will never return to this location
Went through the drive through today for the first time, fast service.
Could have been a little bit faster since there was only 1 guy working.
Would go back if i ever needed a bank close to me to use.
This is review is for 'those 2 loan guys', david butcher and albie anderman..and their awesome assistant lacy!
So much boring financial information, packed into awesome videos..i still cannot get over how cool that all was!
This was fast efficient and direct!
They kept all things honest and on the table.
They guided on what was necessary to make things move along.
It was a wonderful experience and they really wanted to help you!
I recommend  them anytime!!!
Sharon layman state farm agency is absolutely amazing!!
They have helped me with some complicated situations over the last five plus years.
I'll even get e-mails outside of business hours with follow up to my questions.
If you're looking for insurance, vehicle loans/mortgages or even investing options - call this place!
Sharon is completely a midwest gal & her team is the best!
I'd be doing much better if you were doing something productive.
They can get to your money but you cant.
The second chance account sucks!
The customer service sucks, the employees seem angry all the time.
Because it was saturday all branches were closed so i had to wait untill monday.
Im very disappointed with the cresit union they are so not understanding.
I went to the nevada state bank closest to my house.
To the  2nd supervisor that made excuses for the bad customer service this bank offers.
I have been to no less then 5 branches and always offered exemplary customer service.
I won't stop banking with nevada state bank just staying a way from this poorly run office.
Every time i come in this bank there is a huge line and one bank teller working the line!
Avoid this bank if you have to go in!!
I see three people working here.
One teller and the other two are just watching the line get bigger.
And none of them are nice at all!!
I've had an account with arizona central credit union for years and i love them.
They have excellent customer service and low fees.
Anyway, i've never had a single issue with azccu.
Convenient fo greenfield and across the street from giant eagle.
3 tellers in line on a friday.
Lined up outside the door and people walking around greeting you.
Instead of someone walking around greeting maybe they should have all their teller windows open.
The wait is rediculous.
And i thought wells was bad.
I would just like to say that your 48th and ray branch in phoenix, as is horrible.
Maybe they should jump behind the counter and help out.
Glad money was spent getting new name tags instead of more tellers.
Unfortunately, i have to come here because my job banks with you guys.
I'm glad i don't personally bank with you anymore not will i ever again.
What keeps me coming back....my mortgage payment!
Since i've started going back here on a regular basis i havent been pressured into opening up another account.
The have saturday hours from 9 to 4 which definetly is a plus.
They tell it will be 20 minutes to see a banker.... an hour later... wtf.
This is what happends when kids run  businesses.
No accountability no customer service skills...  horrible.
First of all this bank is very close to my home.
Which makes it most good!!
2ndly they are always very friendly.
This comes from those working on the side lines.
This is the only bank i have  ever seen do this.
Every one here is very helpful and very friendly.
They will print up your statements even no charge.
Extra parking in bank.
It is located right on the corner.
Good choice if you are in tempe.
I wish there was a "negative" button but this was the lowest rating allowed.
Please, please, please...stay away from this bank.
Employees are very low quality....they don't seem to care that mistakes are made and they don't correct them.
In all my years of banking, i have never come across such a lack of professionalism or work ethic.
So many issues with this bank...too numerous to mention.
All i can say is, please read other yelp posts...it's not just me....
Lost a $360 check that i was given a receipt for and deposited to the account.
I'm now on hold for 38 minutes (so far) so they can find the check... two days later!
I don't think so.
I've been banking with busey for 7 years.
I will be closing both of my accounts after this horrible experience.
My wife and i had discovered online that bbva compass offers a money market account with a 1.242% interest rate.
We went to this branch to open an account.
We were told that the money market interest rate is 1.000%.
He said that that's only for an online application and not using a branch.
But nothing on the website giving the rates said it requires an online application without branch access.
We showed him the bbva website.
He checked with someone and told us that 1.000% was all he could give.
So we walked out.
We don't care for the online bait-and-switch.
But the overall taste in our mouth is that we'd prefer not to do business with bbva.
This location is quite unique.
They have the typical drive through teller windows.
Then, they have walk up teller windows inside.
You can't see the teller, but you can pick up the phone to speak with them.
They handle your transaction the same way they do at the drive through window.
I didn't know these existed.
I stopped in for a card replacement.
That was handled promptly and i was on my way.
This place has got to rank #1 for worst customer service ever!!
I will never go back into this branch again.
They're as rude as can be... almost like they're striving for rudeness!!
I've been to b/a's all over the place, and this one by far, is the worst!
She went out of her way to make my experience less stressful and the best experience possible.
I would recommend peoples mortgage.
Very unhappy with this branch and subsequent attempts to get "customer service" afterward.
I had the receipt with friday's date i explained so clearly something delayed it and i'd like to know what.
So she told me to call back later.
I tried the banking center several times that day, no one answered.
Sigh....i had to call the customer service number back and explain again my entire story.
The representative insisted i must have deposited the money saturday.
I was out of town, i could not have done so.
I asked for her supervisor.
It would be processed tonight (monday at midnight).
This is a very slow center so not sure why they can't keep track of such an easy deposit.
I'll be looking for a new bank!
The previous people i spoke with were very nice until they transferred me to some lady named julie.
After that she just ruined my whole.
She was a very rude individual that has no customer service.
Her attitude was awful!
Been with boa for over 10 years now.
I have no complaint what so ever.
The app is user friendly.
Transferring money takes seconds.
And whenever i come here, everyone is so friendly with with huge smiles.
Yall deserve this 5 star.
She would not leave me alone and i finally said i need to deposit a check into my savings.
She said you can do that in the atm.
I told her i cant because of the amount.
I could not complete my transactions at the atm due to the amount.
So i then have to go back in and get in the back of the line after losing my spot.
Having greeters is ridiculous!
Especially when the customer knows more about banking then they do.
I don't appreciate discussing my finances out loud in front of everyone in line.
They have great rates on loans for members and many quality services, which should really be called 'conveniences'.
The staff is always friendly and professional.
They have two very convenient locations, one in champaign, off of john st. near centennial h.s.
And one in urbana.
I have banked there for years and will continue to so.
Terrible service one teller on first monday of the month .
Always one teller available and long line.
I won't go back again.
Such a sweetheart and will help in anyway she can!
They used to be better here but all the good employees seem to never stay somewhere too long these days!
"please keep transactions less than 5 and make sure your transaction is ready!!!"
Or something like that!
I know, its amazing that a used car dealership stands by its word.
So far, so good.
Good service at every branch i've visited (wt harris, sunset, huntersville, central avenue).
Parking is large, personnel fantastically friendly and professional!
Thank you mitch for the awesome experience of buying a car.
I am very happy with my purchase.
Will definitely be referring my friends and family to you!
My option, these guys are a bait and switch dealership.
Before visiting the lot i researched the car i wanted on  their website pricing first.
Made them an cash offer based on their website price.
They try to give me some bullshit runaround that their final price would be $3000 more than "advertised"on the website.
They're not the kind of dealership this town needs.
Plenty of better deals elsewhere.
I arrived here on a saturday, 13 minutes before their 1pm closing time.
Turned out that the physical branch can't do it either; they had to call huntington's hub in ohio.
And the specific department they were trying to reach turned out to be closed on saturday.
And indeed, they called me on monday and said everything was taken care of, that my card was activated.
This is the best bank i've ever had.
The employees are always so nice.
There is plenty of parking and you never have to wait long in line, if there is a line.
Clean, large, lots of tellers, likely the best rates in town.
However, if you get into trouble financially, your pretty much screwed with these guys.
I was a third federal customer for over 30 years.
Paid off a 30 yr. mortgage in less than 8 years with them.
The finance department would offer absolutely no help.
No suggestions except get your payments current or lose your house.
So they take a no mercy stance and your treated like a bum.
I had the equity, it was just very difficult and time consuming to turn into cash.
My complaint isn't with the everyday bank itself.
They're quite nice actually with many tellers that have been there forever.
Truthfully, many of them aren't terribly friendly, but they do their jobs well so i guess that's enough to expect.
Great bank for my business account.
It's nice that it's close to my salon and has an atm outside so that i can make late deposits.
Most of the atm's are inside grocery stores and i don't like that.
Make up the rules as they go each location has a different set.
Overall a great experience at this branch.
We'll definitely be doing business at this branch from here on.
Great job....keep up the good work guys.
This bank is horrible with customer service.
He refused to help me and walk a way .
Run away from the problem?
Or find a great solutions for your customers.
He need to take more class or review the banks policy to learn to to treat his customers.
I will take my business elsewhere since this guy didn't appreciate my business.
I got a safe box as well and will be close it down soon.
I will let my friend and family know not to come to this location.
Wellsfargo is ok but this location is the worst.
So many rules as a business customer is ridiculous.
Looking into changing banks.
Funny how i have issues with the same guy everytime.
I read the two earlier comments on here.
I agree there are a couple of weaknesses at this branch.
Ya the cheques take forever - but the cheque company is d&h which isn't scotiabank.
I've had problems with d&h as well.
Also, whenever i had to deposit a us cheque, they hold my cheques for 20 days also.
It's an amercian cheque.
That's just what happens at any bank when you deposit a cheque from a different country.
That doesn't bother me.
I will agree though that their phone tree system sucks a bit.
Alot actually - sometimes after you've been on hold forever.
And you do get passed around sometimes for sure.
The 2nd time, she even guffed at me (!!!)
Apparently, she was the only person in the world who could release this hold.
He's cool, sharp, and actually cares about my accounts.
I do find the tellers at this location are very friendly.
I especially like one lady who was transferred there for my old branch at adelaide and spadina.
When i remember her name i'll add it here.
I've tried other banks, and so far i'm sticking with scotiabank.
Came for notary service and the only person certified was out.
Bank rep could not tell me what other bofa branch had a notary available.
Told me to purchase service at ups store.
Parking in this branch is also a nightmare when busy.
Went to us bank on baseline and notary was available and parking easy.
This branch sits at a very busy intersections on the swc of tatum blvd.
The lobby is very big and very bright, floor is very shiny.
The branch has 3 drive-thru lanes, 2 for atm's and 1 with window teller.
Overall service was okay, but i waited for about 10 minutes before i was helped.
Not coming here again if i don't need to.
This is the worst credit union or banking establishment that i have ever dealt with.
I have closed all my accounts due to their unprofessional and incompetence employees.
I will bank with other institutions that value my business
First off i like wells fargo, i do my business there with very little problems.
This branch is close to my house so i went there.
When it first opened a few years ago this was a very nice branch, with nice and helpful people.
Now they have had 2 managers in a row, with the current one, orlando gutierrez being particularly horrible.
He is rude, egotistic and like to break the rules of his own company.
Top this off him and the personal bankers at this branch are rude, and unhelpful.
She explained there would be a "drive-by" appraisal performed of the exterior.
Instead it came in $30k less.
The appraiser they hired used 6 homes - 4 of which were 800-1000 square feet (20-25%) less than mine.
So ultimately, somewhat of a waste of time.
Note to third federal - i might suggest holding your appraisers accountable to explain how they came up with comps.
Otherwise, you are just alienating potential customers and wasting money.
Worst customer service ever from a bank.
They were more than glad to open my acct, no appt needed.
The very next day when my new atm card won't work, no all of a sudden i need an appt.
Would recommend going elsewhere for better service.
College kids managing the bank?
Such a waste of land.
I have had a better service at gas stations.
Rather go to another branch a couple blocks east.
Lou and greg have been helped me a lot for the past two months.
Especially lou,i cant tell you how nice she is,and how much i thankful her .
I love this ds location.
The staff is extremely friendly and will ensure that you're satisfied with the services they provide.
I've never had a bad experience here.
If you're looking for a credit union, this is the one.
Would recommend for changing currency.
She wanted to know if i'd be opening an account just for the currency exchange.
If so, they "don't do that," she said.
She's supposed to be a supervisor, as the sign at the counter suggested.
Her rather straightforward, no-mincing-word-talk sounded like this bank just wanted to make money, not to nurture loyal customers.
I don't recommend this bank.
Always the worlds longest wait.
Need to go to the bank teller?
15 mins at least.
Need to talk to a person for anything else?
Make an appointment to avoid the 1 hour wait like they recommend?
30 mins to 1 hour.
I literally would rather go to the dentist then this bank.
Pros:  - online banking is good.
Not only is the insurance fantastic, but everyone in the office is as well.
If you need insurance, don't go to one of those fly by night joints.
You get what you pay for.
This place will treat you like family, without costing you an arm and a leg.
I have multiple accounts and they are very polite and helpful with all of my questions and banking needs.
The best loan service i've ever experienced.
In this era of loan complexities and hoops to jump through, peoples mortgage, specifically shelley williams, were outstanding.
From the first phone call, they were efficient, responsive, and thorough.
I highly recommend them.
Chad s. was great with taking care of my banking in a super fast manner.
Overall, this place is ok.
I had to give them all my personal info again just for them to confirm.
Other than that this place is ok.
They charge you $15 to deposit cash and only employ 1 teller at a time.
Minimum wait time is 15 minutes per visit.
Chase is much better.
I moved here about 6 months ago.
When checking in to it, they are going to start charging me, for no particular reason.
Of course that means new checks, fees for this, etc.
When i called, the rep acted like i should know this.
They are a very unreasonable bank to deal with.
When i find another bank, i will be moving on.
These are great people.
Facility is modern, but can be tricky to find your first or second time.
They don't have a coin counter, though, which is a huge drawback.
This company is exactly what i needed to find for my clients.
Ricky khamis did an amazing job of educating my buyers and keeping the loan on track throughout the whole process.
They were professional and friendly the whole way through.
It was a great experience!
Hey wells fargo put up a free standing atm around taylor place or the mall/walkway at the journalism building.
I was helped by joanna, super nice and very professional.
Definitely impressed with the customer service.. thank you joanna morris .
I've had multiple loans with this institution, and wouldn't consider looking elsewhere.
I received nearly instant call-backs and email replies to questions and concerns.
This company has specialized in residential mortgage loans for decades, and it shows in their service level.
One star for the one teller they have behind the counter while there is a line to the door.
What makes it worse is there's multiple employees walking around not helping their customers.
Mark helped me set up my new account.
He was very nice and explained everything.
He answered all my questions and made the whole process easy.
So far so good.
This is a newer bank of america branch, conveniently located off of i-17 and bell.
There are drive thru and walk up atm's, and the customer service is excellent.
The seating area in the lobby is comfortable and the branch in general is nice and bright.
Some of the older locations are a little darker, which can seem less welcoming.
I miss their old location..which was situated right at the corner of spadina and dundas.
Lines can be long, but service is always great there.
It's in chinatown, so most tellers if not all speak cantonese and mandarin.
Actually the rudest people i've ever delt with.
I've been using this chase location for years without any issues.
We've been happy with the service overall.
That being said, they have a new automated teller machine inside that is a joke...
It's basically an atm but inside the building.
If i had wanted an atm i wouldn't have come in at all.
The personal bankers here are all great though!
Gave me a offer online after seeing blue book value of $10000.00, on my 99 vette.
Told salesman to tell me convertible top needed replacing.
I have always had friendly and helpful tellers at this branch and the hours are amazing!
I am a mom and a business owner so later evening and and weekends are a lifesaver.
If i was able to give 0 or negative stars i would.
Seriously get more tellers, stop standing around and take care of your customers in line first.
There isn't an excuse that can justify the service people receive at this location.
Nice staff and good location for me.
I have been a member for several years and was pleased until recently.
Two weeks ago there was a mixup with the credit card i obtained through them and i suspected fraud.
I had the card shut down and a new card number was issued.
This will really hurt my credit score if i close down the first account and do this.
The money was deducted from my account and hopefully this is just a small glitch that will be straightened out.
That would have avoided some of my problem.
With all this outsourcing i am questioning if i'd do better to switch back to a local bank.
I have an idea as to how i think they should work as a member owned cooperative (of a sort).
My wife and adult son moved their accounts there as well.
I wish i had moved to cicu years ago.
Cicu is small in space and assets on deposit but have been around many many decades!
Like any credit union in illinois member's deposits are insured by the federal government.
Cicu has about five full-time staff and they know their clients.
They provide personal attention and take care of my banking needs very well (so far).
I do most of my banking online.
Fees for accounts and services are free or very low.
My banking needs are pretty simple and the size of cicu is a great fit for me.
If you are shopping for a place to do your banking pay them a visit!
You will sit down and talk with the president or vice president of the cu to get your questions answered.
There are only a few things i expect from a bank:  - keep the lines moving.
- keep the process simple.
- don't charge me any unnecessary fees.
- get it right the first time.
I've been to this particular location a couple of times and they have met my requirements each visit.
The staff is friendly and it's a quick in/out.
Did a bait and switch on us.
Communication was poor and forms they asked us to complete always had incorrect information.
Did not meet deadlines.
I had to get another lender.
They wasted 2 weeks of our escrow.
Was one of the worst experiences i'd ever had with any company.
I wish i could do negative stars.
They will rape you any chance they can get and their customer service is a complete joke.
I wouldn't wish this bank on my worst enemy!
As with many businesses in greenfield - chain or local - the service and friendliness is top notch.
Had an amazing car buying and selling experience at reliable auto sales!
They played no games and were up front and very help full during my visit.
I was very happy with the offer and decided to sell my truck to them.
I would recommend reliable auto to any one in the vegas market.
I suggest utilizing the tool provided to check for counterfeit money.
Also, fyi the federal reserved has passed bad money to several banks to over the years.
These corporations are full of s**** they just need to tell people they do not wznt yo deal with them.
Another tid bit, if if it wasn't for the people your banking instution would not be in operation!
Secu on union rd gastonia
I typically shop at the shoppers drug mart that is within the same oddly designed strip mall.
On saturday, i needed to deposit some money in my chequing account and decided to pay this location a visit.
This cibc is located across from menchies, which i have frequented once.
I got a prime parking spot and made my way inside the branch.
I held the door for an older gentleman.
He thanked me and we had a brief conversation.
I liked it, as it makes you feel like it's a small neighbourhood of folks looking out for one another.
This branch has four atms.
No waiting at all.
Both the gentleman and i did our banking there, along with an existing customer pressing away at the screen.
This branch is huge and inviting!
It makes me want to call this branch my home one.
If you can avoid coming here i would.
Terrible customer service super slow unfriendly tellers.
Just plain rude and unprofessional.
My employer issues nsb checks.
I usually just deposit into my chase account.
My teller, wish i caught her name, did not smile once.
She handed me my money and started staring at her computer screen.
I was still standing there because i wasn't sure if i got a receipt or needed to do anything else.
She looks up at me with a blank stare and i said "oh, is that it?"
And she said yes and continued to stare at her screen.
No thanks have a nice day, nothing.
Not a good impression.
Guess i'll stick with chase.
I've had it with bofa and this branch in particular.
Once in you'll be greeted with the ubiquitous "how's it going?"
I've switched most of my accounts to alliance bank but still have a federal employee withholding account with the bank.
Having carelessly run out of company checks i went in the other day to request a counter check.
"i'm sorry, we don't do counter checks."
Is it that complicated?
Does anyone at bofa do banking anymore?
You know, deposits and withdrawals.
Absent of drama, please.
I honestly believe bofa has made a strategic decision to be the bank for the masses.
That's fine but it no longer includes me.
Rude and forever changing!
New branch mangers constantly.....on the 5th one since we brought out business there 3 years ago!
Drive thru takes at least 10-15 minutes to make deposits....ridiculous!
Bring back cynthia taylor!
Top notch customer service!
The best bank in town.
The tellers are friendly and helpful.
The bankers truly go above and beyond to take good care of their customers.
Helpful customer service folks and even extra people on duty when the atm was down.
If only the real estate aspect of chase was as good as the banking side.
Finally daniel came out to help.
Out of everyone in line, i was the only one that didn't require the help if a teller.
They move slower than snails.
Of course cash deposits are accepted right away with access to it, but definitely not checks.
Deposited a couple checks last week and it's still pending!
I figured "okay, maybe monday it will go through."
I seriously don't remember and of my other banks taking this long to process a check.
It's usually the next business day.
For being a credit union, lmao, this place a frickin joke.
I don't see any purpose in banking with them, so i'm closing my account immediately.
Do not open an account with them.
I don't think anything can be worse than these guys!
Seriously the slowest teller line in the city.
Who puts one teller at the window on a friday at 1pm.
Line is out the door.
If i didn't have a mortgage payment i would not even have an account at this stupid bank.
I love banking here.. going to be moving a car loan over here..
I treat this as my home td branch and have opened several accounts here.
The lines seem to move very quickly yet they manage to be friendly and accommodating to the regular customers.
I like td because of its numerous abm machines and convenient hours.
I've also invested in their mutual funds, which have a good rating.
Awesome bank in a safeway.
The hours are wonderful as they are open everyday, including sunday!
Do not ever go here!!!
Bought a vehicle that had a known safety recall that could be fatal.
I was not aware of this until after the purchase of the vehicle.
The manufacturer told me they shouldn't have been able to sell me the vehicle!!
If you value your hard earned money or your well being i strongly suggest going to another dealership.
There is just one cash machine at which there is always a line wrapped around the building.
With not too many branches in the area you'd think they would have added more.
Sunday morning is a good time to go.
Inside the tellers are friendly.
Note the doors only allow one person through at a time-watch the green/red light system to know when to enter.
Good customer service everytime i come here.
I'd recommend desert schools as a credit union.
Now i'm having to answer the same questions to different people that just took over for the week.
...  why can they refinance my loan to a lower rate if i qualify?
Not just a bank it's a building that has suites with different business.
I have to make several trips to this building at least once a month.
Other than the parking situation it's a nice building with a mini cafe inside for light snacks and coffee.
They talk out of both sides of their mouth.
I had non-stop trouble with that predatory lending finance company.
Kept being told they'd put me in touch with someone that would help me.
And when the car was picked up, my property was kept.
It was all the tools i used and needed for work.
They were tools that were provided by my employer to do my job.
Never do business here.
All i got was run around, calls or messages not returned.
Should have shot straight right from the get go.
What goes around, comes around.
They'll reap what they sow.
Huge downside considering it's 100 degrees + in arizona.
Service is great they'll take the extra 2 seconds to recommend something like they are supposed to.
Use common sense of course a bank will be busy when everybody is getting off work for the day
Really couldn't have asked for a smoother process.
From application through close, the communication was excellent and we were treated like we were very important customers.
I try to use local when possible.
This bank has been ok over the years.
Lately however i have opened two credit cards.
Each time i have had to go back at least once because something was wrong with each account.
Also, i had a charge appear on one card.
I asked the bank about it and they dont know.
The bank says it's the credit card who put it on there.
In summary, the bank is ok but the customer service is poor.
After getting a pre-purchase inspection, we bought a maserati and loved the entire experience.
Danny gave the ok for final pricing and he was a really nice guy too.
Amazing service start to finish.
Brandon and his team closed out loan in less than 30 days.
Great job all around.
Will use them again for all our future mortgages.
This location is very much open and awesome!!!
Debbie padilla was super helpful and very friendly!
Been a customer for about 15 years, this company helped me build the high credit that i have now.
This location has never been rude to me and always helpful.
Easy to dispute fraud if it happens, cards are delivered quick, and great rates for car loans that i've needed.
Atm stole my money!
I just signed up here and the teller was showing me how to use the atm.
I had cash i wanted to put in so she directed me how to do so.
I put my money in the atm and it shuts down.
It took my money!
To top it off no receipt and it didn't even get counted into my account.
The teller saw all this happened and failed a claim.
If not i might not get my money.
So basically i got robbed of my cash and if doesn't show that the money was there.
The teller even told the claims rep she witnessed this all.
She was so helpful and felt so bad.
Her bosses were just standing around doing nothing!
Not helping her or even talking to me to see what happened.
They just stood in the front greeting people that walked in.
At least the teller had great customer service.
You should changed your name to thiefs of america!
It has always sufficed my needs.
She is very friendly, courteous and efficient.
The new branch manager nancy is also pleasant and would always greet the customers if she is in the lobby.
The branch location is easy to get to and one side benefit is next to supermarket and great restaurants.
I emailed everything to chad weed.
Financial records, ssn, id's, etc etc.
Disclosed ( and it was on the credit report ) my bankruptcy and student loans.
He did suggest that my husband could qualify for a conventional loan1 yaaaaa!!!
We decided to close the account after over 10 years as a customer.
The banker we worked with (taylor o.)
Was helpful and professional.
None of the managers made themselves available when we needed their approval for a transaction.
We waited half an hour for a managers assistance.
Thank you to taylor for your help.
Ok so the people working here are nice.
But i've never seen a bank with longer lines and really thats corporate or the managers fault.
Make billions a year on overdrafts but god forbid they stick an extra employee in there.
The application and underwriting process needs some work, that's for sure.
It took over two months for my loan to close.
I would have given them 2 stars if you had asked me 6 months ago, but they've grown on me.
I don't have to go through those incredibly painful call routing systems.
-- everyone i've spoken to has always been very pleasant.
-- their "smart loans" with rate re-locks just work!
I just refinanced without a credit pull, application, or appraisal.
If this ain't "consumer friendly" then i don't know what is.
My rating is really a 3.5, but i rounded up.
For them to truly get the extra half star, they'll need to allow me to manage my loan online!
I mean, it's 2016, for goodness sake.
This has got to be the slowest wells fargo i have ever been to.
Rarely respond to emails or phone calls.
Mistakes and delays have cost us $1,000 in federal income taxes.
They are unwilling to resolve the very simple problem.
Complaints have been filed with the bbb and the sec.
She saved me from paying over $100 in fees from having cheque copies made and looked for.
I'm really grateful for that.
I'll be honest, i hate going to the bank.
But as far as banks go, this place is top notch.
The staff is professional and courteous.
The service is always a step above.
If you have to bank (and we all do), you might as well bank here.
She chatted happily with me while she was opening my account and the time flew.
I was in and out before i new it!
Refi application of equity line was declined due to low appraisal and income.
Low appraisal was the main reason according to the underwriter.
I receive income from a very stable pension fund with annual cola increases.
I provided documentation of increase in my monthly income which would be occurring in two months time.
Advised by underwriter that i should reapply for loan when the increase occurred.
This didn't make sense since the low appraisal was the "main reason" we were declined.
The appraisal was supposed to be based upon information from recent sales, as well as the popular real estate websites.
I asked to talk to a supervisor and, apparently, they are unsupervised there at third federal.
Follow-up: after much discussion and another appraisal, the result of our re-fi application was the same - a denial.
Not sure exactly how this bank stays in business either, d.l.!
We also will be applying elsewhere and i'm sure with better results.
Except that our house is a model home with upgrades and a bigger lot.
Hard to understand it!
Guess they really didn't want our business!
This is our go-to bank whenever we eat at the nearby chipotle/etc.
We've never had any problems and the atm always works.
Their deposit machines always seem to be up as well.
The customer service at wells fargo continues to amaze me.
This is the first time that i visited this branch.
I usually go to the wf down the road, but ended up here today to have a cashiers check made.
Immediately upon entering, i received a "welcome to wells fargo" greeting by a smiling, friendly employee.
I was asked if i need help from a banker.
Went to the window where i was greeted by another smiling face.
The teller was friendly, helpful and efficient.
I've completely converted from the credit union to wf for my banking needs.
The customer service can't be beat!
I have never encountered a problem with summit credit union as a whole or this waunakee branch in particular.
They go above and beyond to get to know their guests.
It's amazing what satisfaction you can experience when you understand the rules of banking and loans and actually follow them.
Read the contract, sign the contract, live by the contract.
Still the worst bank on the planet.
I am so tired of the hassle i have to go through every time i move.
This is beyond annoying.
The only reason i even have an account with you is i was forced when i got my car loan.
I've called and left messages twice now after sitting on hold for more then 10 minutes each time.
Keep my $25 but please close my account.
Time to go to the bbb!!!
Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money elsewhere.
This bank doesn't seem to care about the people that keep their money here!
I went to huntington for the $100 promotion they were having.
I traveled in rush hour traffic to go to the bank in carrick, just to get told to leave.
I was the first customer in there, with no one else waiting to be helped.
She also said i would have no problem receiving the promotion and did not tell me anything else about it.
As soon as i sat down about 10 people came into the bank around 5:30p.
The bank closed at 6p.
That doesn't make sense if we do not have the same bank account or share income.
I went to pnc.
They have to be the nicest people i've ever met and the best bank i have ever been to.
I have been trying to open a business account there for over a week.
I have gone in and sat to wait to talk with someone.
I called back but never did they return my call.
It is absolutely amazing to me that anyone would run a business as poor as this.
Someone wanting to open an account and i can't even get a return call.
And to boot, i have two other accounts at that same branch.
Maybe the cranberry branch will be better.
My dog peed on their carpet...  and they were completely calm and professional about it.
I came in to refinance my house and had great friendly service even for a huge banking institution.
They even had doggy treats as well.
Ultimately there is nothing they had to offer for homes for refinancing, but they were very friendly.
The building has a very interesting modern look which is not typical of a banking institution.
I been there once to deposit money and i waited 30 minutes in line 2 tellers working.
Stephaine was nice but overall this bank is trash !
This is the worst car lot i ever been to in my life!!!!
Worst banks to bank with anymore!
Seems like they are trying to get people to use the atms for most transactions and limiting tellers.
There are only ever two tellers at any time at any branch.
Therefore you end up with excessive lines and awful service.
Often times a banker asking everyone what they are in line for and suggesting to use an atm.
Clearly they don't want to pay tellers anymore to offer a more personal banking experience.
We're just numbers and deposits to you, just change your name to bank of atms
Clean, short wait times, and friendly and efficient staff.
Not sure the hate in the other review is even relevant..but all-in-all a great chase locatoin in south scottsdale.
They even have dum-dum suckers for the kiddos (or kid at heart...yeah...i took one)
I have had the worst banking experience in my life with these people.
They constantly blocked my card.
I could not get help on the phone.
They wanted me to come to the branch or wait a week to get new code.
Everyone i asked for a supervisor or manager on the phone they were not available.
When at the branch, the staff all had different information on when checks cleared, they don't know their atm fees.
I had a very high recomendacin of this bank from very close friends.
Sorry to say how disappointed i am that the bank could not meet my friends recommendation.
In touch credit union.
Is a shame as a bank
And when i go there, they said that they already returned it to visa.
Their employees are so rude and stupid, they didn't provide any solution.
They underestimated the customers.
Never go back there again!
Since this cibc is in bayview village, it has to be excessive.
If you consider three atms excessive.
The bankers can be hit or miss.
Some are nice and friendly and others are nice and snobby.
I love christina's review, but wanted to add that the bank is inside of a grocery store.
Wish it would say that on the search.
Thank you leon for my insurance needs since i was 18 years old.
Thank you for all your years of service
My man david helped me get a lower rate on my insurance.
Not only that but every time i call they always greet me in a polite manner.
I've had better customer service experience at other cibc branches than this one.
So, i can't say i was feeling very welcomed.
So, the transaction was, to say the least, quite awkward and stilted.
Customers are obviously not welcome nor appreciated for bringing their business to this branch!
10 minutes before they open for the day and at least 4 people in there.
Wouldn't let me inside to use the atm right inside the door as i'm holding my 16 mth old.
What terrible customer service.
I've been waiting half an hour to see the one personal banker working.
There's a line of five people for the one teller working.
Closing my account today.
The line is literally out the door and people are waiting in the parking lot.
They have one teller working.
How can the biggest bank in country be so under staffed?
This is absolutely unacceptable.
This branch is typically slow.
However, my incident yesterday was worthy of a negative review (which i never take the time to do).
Walked in around noon, 2 tellers with customers & 1 person waiting ahead of me.
Once i got to the teller, josephine, she gave me incorrect information regarding my account.
Then processed a transaction on my account which was declined by the systems due to her incorrect info.
So i ask her, "what do you mean you can't help me?"
She replies "well since the system declined your transaction you have to go to another branch or call customer service.
But i can't help you, here's your id."
The issue was on her end.
I think she didn't know what she was doing and/or didn't feel like helping me to resolve my issue.
Good luck if you come here.
Save yourself time, go through the atm.
Been a customer of bofa for 10 years, considering switching if i'm not gonna be valued as a customer.
Why is zero stars not an option?
Terrible customer service on a daily basis especially thru the drive thru!
The banking center is rarely busy yet every time i visit, i am treated like i am interrupting their day!
My business has never felt valued by one person at this banking center!
They need to treat their customers with the respect they deserve!
This boa location is convinced with their drive up atm's.
Easy banking for our business checking.
Worst banking location i've ever been to.
The wait is over 45 minutes for any services at all times.
Unfortunately we had a poor experience with shannon k. at amerifirst financial.
Things were okay until the 12th hour when we were supposed to close.
Shannon did not communicate their delays causing us delays and additional expenses.
But, as it turned out she tried to deny, cover it up, and then blame the title company.
Challenging location   not the best location  this location always seems to be short of staff.
I waited in the drive through line for over twenty-five minutes and going inside is no better.
This location lacks the proper amount of staff to accommodate all its customers.
This a constant problem with this location.
They either need to hire more staff or close this location.
In addition,  the customer service is always lacking.
Despite disability (and making sure they were aware of my condition) i walked in to open an account today.
After explaining to him that i can't come back, he offers an appointment later in the week!
I once again explained my predicament but he was obviously uninterested and simply said bye.
Why they spend their members in advertising for new accounts is beyond me, but they do.
Strongly advise against doing business with these guys until they improve their customer relations.
They'll get on it after failing.
Expect fees for everything.
This reminds me why i bank big and with credit unions.
Expect to be ignored.
Even though you'll walk through a door and a doorbell will go off.
You can look into several employees offices as they have glass walls.
Expect not to be acknowledged.
You will wait and wait.
Expect to faster service at the drive thru.
They'll jump right on that.
Expect to enter from the side near the drive thru.
If you want to be seen & acknowledged.
Expect to tell someone.
Expect someone to pass the complaint along when asked.
The manager will call.
Actionable items missing yet they don't fail to exercise those fee charges.
Only student checking is completely free.
Today i had to go inside because my check was damaged and the atm machine couldn't deposit it.
I had to wait 35 minutes.
Only 1 teller at the window and the line was almost out of the door.
This is not the first time..
It's ridiculous ...please improve your service .
Such a breath air to receive great customer service on a day when everything else is going wrong.
The financial advisors here are awesome.
But.. bank of america is trying to force costumers out of the branch and onto the app.
Two dozen people in line and two tellers...
This is a great pnc branch!
Everyone is friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable about the services that they can offer.
She's been with pnc for 35 years and is a real delight to work with.
Every time i walk in this branch, i feel proud to be a pnc client!
I am usually a very busy person especially when i am on my lunch break taking care of things.
So when i went into this branch, i was greeted right away and asked what i needed help with.
The teller who helped me was fast, didn't ask me unnecessary questions and knew exactly what i needed.
Also the candy jar was plenty full for me to take a couple.
I plan on going here a lot since it is within walking distance of my job.
The teller also showed me new features of their atm.
I have an account with td, which i mostly keep because my ing account takes money out of it.
It seems like they try to get away with whatever they can if you don't call 'em on it.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
Their parking lot can do serious damage to your car!!
The drive through in the garage is also very narrow with every corner being very close to your car.
If i could give this place zero stars, i would.
I am not a member, but i received a check from a family member.
I went to cash it and they wanted to charge me a $10 non member cashing fee.
Greedy morons if you ask me.
There customer service has declined over the years.
As others mentioned, no customer service available 24/7!
We have had about 4 debit cards in the last 2 years because busey continues to be hacked.
They just sent us new cards and we later found out it was because of they lack of security.
We had to go back (to another branch) and do it all again!
$15 for a service fee!
We had like $5000 between the accounts.
I recently closed our money market account as they just decreased the interest rate by half and never told us.
He could not give me an answer and didn't care that he lost a customer when i closed the account.
What poor customer service!
So we are transitioning to ally bank.
Busey bank cannot delivery.
It's had it's ups and downs but lately it has had some pretty good people going through here.
Gordon phong the last bank manager was great, really nice, and easy going.
Recently they changed their branch manager to tom ing who is also very sharp, friendly and knowledgeable.
We have several accounts with this bank and have always referred our business and friends over.
They also have a decent loan program for home mortgages but the process time is the same for most banks.
I would definitely recommend this branch, it's also very conveniently located near 168 supermarket for some shop and go.
So if you ever want to open up a td bank account, then come here and bank with derek ng.
He will guarantee your banking satisfaction and is a very honest and reliable person.
I bought a 2005 mercedes benz.
Right when i drove it off the lot the check engine light was on.
My car has been back to the shop several times since i got it 2 months ago.
I feel the only reason they're name is reliable auto sales is because they are not reliable at all.
I understand it's my fault for going to this beat down unprofessional lot.
That i will take responsibility for.
Wtf can you do than?
Use at your own risk.
They purposely have one teller at the busiest times to keep us from coming back.
They don't respond to emails, phone calls and never follow through on concerns or issues.
It's our money they're using!
We make them viable!
2 customers talking to the tellers.
Well, actually, not really a line since i'm the only one in it.
What do people do that takes so long at the counter?
Wait, now the whisperers have left & 7 people have lined up behind me.
(now we have a proper line) 13 minutes.
I'm making a deposit.
1 small simple transaction which took ... 35 seconds.
No drive-thru window, only drive-thru atm.
Two atm's outside the branch side-by-side.
Forever to do my deposits as the tellers are working very slowly.
I think i'll skip this branch from now on.
How is it ok for so many people to be in line with only one teller assisting customers?
This is ridiculous and notorious for this location.
Closing my account today.
Never received worst customer service in my life!
From the phony friendly tellers to chalise jacobs, the branch manager, it was the worst banking experience of my life!
I will never bank with wells fargo and i will avoid the downtown branch at all costs!
Quick service and helpful staff on a monday.
Been in line for over 50 min.
There are 2 tellers and both are moving so slow.
Is there not a manager working to step in?
Is there not anymore else that knows how to teller?
This is a joke!
At this point everyone is line is upset.
This has happened on more than one occasion but today has been the worst.
I still have 4 people ahead of me and haven't moved at all.
So much for making it to work on time
Came in today and cashed another check exactly like i've done hundreds of times before.
But this time the rules have changed again and there was a huge hassle cashing the check.
I would recommend using a different bank.
It's sad how incompetent this branch is.
Good luck getting anything done.
I'll make you an appt at 3:30 or 4:30" i took the latter.
I get home and she calls me.
"can you come in now or in an hour" i say " i'm bathing my grandson now.
I'll come in at 1:30" i show up at my appt.
Now i like honesty!
She should have invited me to possibly "sit in the lobby and wait until i have a free moment".
"that would've been the honest trained way to deal with someone yes?
She pretends she just makes appts.
And waste my time and gas in my car.
Who trains these people anyway on treating people properly?
I did tell her that "next time just invite someone to wait for u. "
I said to bibiana cuellar " i don't like games!"
Terrible service, been banking with bofa for a long time.
Seems that the lady was checking with the guy who does them too and he has an appointment coming in.
This is absolutely the worse location i have ever visited in maricopa county.
Not very happy with this place and the mechanics that are very less then credible.
Out of all the wells fargos that i have been to this is the branch that i love.
They really take the time to make you happy and usually waves any fees that you have gotten.
Every other branch that i have been to i have had some bad experiences.
But going to this branch has given me faith in the banking industry
I use to like this cu but has gone down hill.
Now it's just like any other bank, you use to get points to cover fees now they discontinued that.
Usually 30-45 minutes just to make a quick deposit with the lines.
Typically only 1-2 tellers as well and no drive thru.
I wish i could give negative stars on this one!!
So how much sense does this make- you can't deposit cash into the bank if it's not your acct!!!!
Not only that you have to show an id to make a cash yes.
Ash like money green backs into a legit bank acct!!
Maybe the rats are eating the cash paper money?!
"a bank that won't take cash deposits'!
What an i missing here this is ludacris!!
They must be new yorkers or californias!
This branch is always very professional from their tellers to bankers.
Everyone seems to be educated on the services they are to provide.
There's never more than a two minute wait for you to be assisted which is awesome, even on a friday!
So, i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office.
I literally just jumped ship on them because they really seem to have no idea what they are talking about.
Then, today she wanted me to agree to a new policy, but couldn't get me the quote until tomorrow.
Yeaahhh, i'm really dumb enough to agree to that...   -.-  no effing way.
Just my experience, but come on people, really??
Major props to ed for helping us out.
Bought 2 new work trucks from them today and their team made the process easy and pain free.
We will be future customers for sure.
Long wait for a banker at 9:30 in the morning.
There are almost no customers here.
But no available bankers as well.
There are no greeters to help incoming people as in other wf branches.
Just been here a couple of times using the atm machine.
I do like the fact the atm machine is visible from bell road, just in case something might go wrong.
Highly recommend scott wiley's services.
Absolutely the best in the business for your mortgage needs.
Great experience with doug and his entire team.
Always on top of our loan and closed on time.
This location has always been great for me.
The manager is super nice and has taken time for me when i have questions or need some financial direction.
I am surprised by the bad reviews!
From the states and travelling?
This bank is all over so you can hit the atm and more easily track your withdrawals.
The fee was 3$ cad each time.
Never had trouble with exchange.
Made it way more simple than trying to exchange usd for cad.
Worst bank of america!
Came here today to get something notarized.
I was the only other customer besides two who were already with a teller.
There were two other employees on the side having a side conversation.
His response, "i'm sorry, but you'll have to ask the two over there."
The "two" (a lady and a man) he meant were the other two employees who were having a side conversation.
Of course, after spending 20 minutes there i'm not going to wait.
I rather drive to another b of a branch tomorrow to get speedier and better service.
Came into this branch to make a withdrawal before a big weekend.
The branch manager john freaked out and struggled to handle the transaction professionally.
After great experiences at other branches, i ended up having a terrible rime with a seemingly incompetent branch manager.
He seemed to let customer service go out the window while immediately assuming fraud or worse.
A very uncomfortable situation for a customer to experience.
Eventually i left and went to another branch that executed the transaction with ease and zero drama.
Very friendly staff, sometimes the wait at the drive through teller is longer than if you walk in.
They have a walk up atm and a separate drive through atm.
This has saved me money on several occasions.
Not that this is a review of wells fargo the company, but i love their on-line bill pay!
Who needs stamps any more??!?
I think i still have christmas stamps from like 2 years ago!
If i could write a review with negative stars i would.
It has reached a new low.
Obviously, the banking industry is going to automation.
Automation is the wave of the future.
However, this is an industry that demands some face to face interaction.
I needed to deposit several thousand dollars cash on a monday.
I want that money to post to my account right away.
I know what i want to do at the atm and what i don't.
I use the smart phone feature to deposit checks remotely.
Can't do that with cash.
If the atm sucks up the cash it will do it with an envelope and it will be processed later.
Frankly, its my money and i'm just not doing it that way.
This is my right.
I go into the bank on eastern next to del taco this morning and wouldn't you know it?
Two windows open out of six.
There are 15 customers in line.
The line isn't moving.
Frustration is slowly simmering.
Even the manager can't calm him.
She has no discernable duty other than to smile and to divert them from the line.
The older agitated foreign man is not having it and raises hell.
Finally she gets to me to try the same trick.
Knowing she was about to get to me, i have my back turned.
Now i'm surrounded by at least 20 or 25 people and the line is snaking to the door.
The whole lobby is filled with customers waiting for the two open windows.
I know what i want.
I am also not broadcasting that i have a couple thousand dollars in cash on me right now.
I ignore her and maybe she will leave me alone and assume i can't understand english.
She keeps repeating, "sir, what brings you here today?"
Finally, i can't take it anymore and i tell her, "i am not discussing my business out in the open."
Finally the super agitated man gets his chance.
Surely, here is man who knows what he wants and values time.
He goes to the window and starts his transaction.
At some point the teller mentions "sir, if you want to deposit you need to fill out a deposit ticket."
That's when i finally lost it.
By now everyone in line waiting are friends, battle brings people together in close comradery.
All of the people in line agree shaking their heads.
Immediately shifting to typing my pin.
Before my teller can even finish asking how my day is going - i tell her to fix her operations.
I beat the agitated man out of there and one other ahead of him.
-   if i have to come back here again it will be too soon.
This review is for the company in general... it is the worst bank i've been to.
She clearly didn't care about keeping me as a customer.
I filed an official complaint and still nothing.
***buyer beware*** well a few weeks ago i found the vehicle i wanted at a very good price.
I was misled by this statement and on truecar they are listed as a "certified dealer" which only means squat.
You also want a great experience.
...who share the belief that truth, transparency and fairness are the foundation of a great car buying experience."
Hmmm...that last line may be a little inaccurate in this case.
One reason i went with a kia was the great factory warranties they offer.
Alright, not a big deal until i purchased the car and contacted kia directly about the warranties.
I'm not sure why someone would tell you that" response.
Maybe because your sales team is misinformed or trained to say just about anything to make a sale!?!?!
I mean geez, i'm putting money into your pocket.
Research other places and you'll save hundreds to thousands.
Bottom line is do your due diligence before going here or any place!
Wish i could give 0 stars.
The teller was beyond annoying.
She misunderstood me and would not work with me at all.
She seemed like she really hated her job and she just wanted everyone as miserable as she was.
No just straight out no i will never go to this branch again.
Cool that's fine save me money right?
Well the guy started setting up my information.
In this day and age.
Now i'm still dealing with the mess this man made of my account!
He set me up with an instant card.
Doesn't work but get this the old card from my old account does...wth?
Did my money get transfered out of my old account to the new one?
So i had to call the branch and they figured it out but seriously it was such a huge hassle.
And not to mention the company i'm with now banks with wells fargo, this branch is convenient and close.
Needless to say we drive to the arrowhead branch on 75th and bell so worth it!!!
I've given this branch a couple tries and now i'm running for arrowhead everytime.
Every teller is nice and i never wait long in line.
Manager shauna is awesome!!!
In checking acct or 5000$ combined w savings and checking.
I fell to 1400$ for a cpl days but my avg daily balance was over 4000$ and was charged!
Home mortgage department was awesome.
Tarek worked hard to get us closed by months end.
Kept in good contact and communication.
The bank is clean and new the single taylor that they have working is very friendly.
12 people in line and only one teller is unacceptable.
At least six employees working in the bank five of them were not helping customers.
Two employees that stood in the lobby greeting people as they came in does not make any sense.
At times they were more busy talking to each other than customers.
Overall this is a poor use of payroll and bad customer service
This review applies to most wells fargo branches, but this one in particular.
I'll also disclaim upfront that i'm not a deadbeat.
I always keep a fair amount of money in the bank and never overdraw my accounts.
Then how could i have a problem with a bank?
They wouldn't take my money!
I walk in with a check written from my partner's money market account from his broker.
At wells fargo they always ask "how are you today?"
Like they really freakin care.
No they were brainwashed to ask that.
Why not just train the tellers in the first place how to do their jobs?
I think it's the training ground before you go to a real branch.
Wells fargo = banking wal-mart style.
No - thank - you!
The worst bank i have ever seen.
She said that's good bcz the bank doesn't want to deal with you too
My husband and i were provided banking services by mark delacruz.
We were treated promptly, kindly and expediently to handle our banking needs.
I would recommend mark due to his extraordinary knowledge and overall customer service in handling our banking needs.
The banker that helped us is not friendly she seemed pretty sluggish and lazy to help us.
Usually bankers are happy when opening accounts.
Oh well experience could have been better way better.
Pretty disappointed in chase.
Ive been to other banks in the area and most of them stink.
This one was very friendly in large part due to the customer service rep, shauna.
She was very pleasant & helpful.
This is the worst banking experience i've ever had.
Forget about customer service as well.
They do not listen or take any kind of ownershp of your issue.
Do yourself a big favor and bank somewhere else.
I know i'm going to be.
Worst bank office i've ever experience.
I read all the comments of this place before going there.
I thought, "they're exaggerating!
This place can't be that bad!"
Their mini van is wrecked.... so to help them with their rental, i put a little money into their account.
I was told i needed cash, but the atm was out of service.
I've been to this branch multiple times the wait time is horrendous even when you are "next".
They also never resolve any issues and continue to defend unjustified overdraft fees!
Getting g a new account at a different bank.
Enough bank of america  bs and definitely enough of this branch!
I visit this location about 3 times a week and i am always pleased with the friendless of the tellers.
They are quick and efficient, never have had am issue.
I had to leave i can't wait 15+ min for each the 6 people ahead of me ..
I couldn't believe the bank experience i just had.
The line continues to get longer and suddenly the second teller leaves without announcement.
Suddenly our six person lines turns into a 12 - 15 person line with one teller.
Mind you, there's at least 4 personal bankers/managers siting idly by twiddling their thumbs.
Well maybe you should've prepared better, especially at the end of the month after a long holiday.
I honestly thought there was going to be a riot.
My question, is this what my $12 monthly maintenance fee goes towards?
I should just switch to a credit union
Only 2 tellers & one of the customers is dealing with multiple trust questions.
Where are the personal bankers?
All i want is into my safe deposit box & i have been waiting 15+ minutes?
Probably the worst chase branch ever.
Staffs are slow and have no idea what they are doing.
This time, it took me like 15 minutes and the teller had no idea what she was doing.
The worst branch ever, i will never come back!
9 people in line, 1 teller by company policy.
Better service at the dmv.
Maybe this branch just is planning on closing.
I have been a bank of america customer for 14 years.
The last 10 years i have been a loyal customer of this branch.
I have gotten to know the employees on a first name basis and had felt very satisfied with the service.
The last few months at this branch have been a disaster!
The drive thru will be closed although the posted sign says open.
The line in the branch are routinely 8 deep in customers and the wait is at least 15 min.
What persuaded me to write this review is last week i went into the branch to make a deposit.
The manager informed me there would be a 25 minute wait.
I communicated that the service at the branch had deteriorated.
He said the service was still good but that the wait was just longer.
He suggested i make the deposit at the atm.
He said the bank is in transitioning into more on-line banking.
I left and drove a couple of miles to stapley and main branch.
Was in and out in 5 min.
Not going back to main and mcdonald.
Tiaa-cref really screwed me.
I changed banks and filled out the new bank info online in august.
In december i discovered that my minimum distribution is being sent to the old bank - not the new one.
They have the new bank information, but it has to be validated w/ a voided check.
Even if i overnight the check, it's too late to change the mrd bank information for this year.
Just opened up a checking and savings account online.
I had not receive any thing in the mail.
Last week was my first time ever stepping foot into a wells fargo branch.
The line had 13 people and only 3 tellers working.
Was immediately greeted at the door so that was a good sign.
The line moved moderately.
It could have been faster.
The staff seem very nice and was apologetic.
The branch is clean and well maintained and very organized.
I stood in line and then had to go wait for another person to verify funds.
The process wasn't too painful and i was out of there in less than an hour.
Didn't think i would be able to get an account at all.
And i was approved.
The process was quick and he was just flat out awesome with customer service.
So happy i joined at this branch.
This is my branch and they are very friendly.
There can be long waits in line, mostly because of business owners of bloomfield i suspect.
But with this kind of service it's worth the wait.
Without going into all my banking details.
Alex s. provides great customer service and as a man of his word.
Help me through a process when the atm ate my funds.
Made an appt for 9am on this saturday morning.
Walked in, 7 people in line and 1 teller open.
No one is even available to help me with opening my acct.
I need to be a work at 10am.
Needless to say, i'm fucken pissed.
I own my own business and showing up late to work is unacceptable for me.
So this shit right here, ridiculous.
They only have 2 tellers at any given time.
And the lines can get really really long.
Corporate needs to hire more tellers.. very big inconvenience for the customers
Without going into all my banking details.
Alex s. provides great customer service and is a man of his word.thank you alex for being such great banker.
I love love love this bank!!!
Everyone who works at this branch is amazing!!
I'll never ever leave this bank!!
I've been a dsfcu member for many years.
Everyone i had contact with, both in person and on the phone, responded professionally and courteously.
Kudos desert schools, keep up the good work!
Decent wells fargo,a former wachovia, has multiple drive thru atm machines.
Conveniently located in the boardwalk shopping center area.
Not even one customer in the branch, and the curly blond hair clerk wanted me to fill up deposit slip.
Thats why chase is paying you the 9$ per hour to fill up customers deposits slips ok.
Definitely would report that lazy s clerk to chase headquarters.
Non-disclosure of unwritten rules for their brokerage acct really screwed me.
I opened an ira and invested in a fund.
I was told i could set up an automatic systematic investment and the (high) $50 transaction fees would be waived.
After the initial purchase, their website didn't allow systematic investments.
If they allowed me to buy into the fund, i's inexplicable how i couldn't use the systematic feature.
I'm not willing to pay a $50 fee each time i buy (which is what they're hoping i do).
I'm now initiating a full transfer out to vanguard.
Btw, their fees for the transfer...$130 "ira termination fee" + $50 full transfer fee = $180!
It's worth the $180 to get out of this lame tiaa brokerage account.
You may want to research other options before opening an account here.
Write my roommate a check?
Wells fargo you got some nerve.
This is a horrible place!!!
Drove 6 hours to buy a truck on their lot that they said passed a multipoint inspection.
After looking over the truck found the rear main seal to be leaking and the front and rear differentials.
They sell junk vehicles.
Mitch was the con man and the finance manager was a d bag.
The truck wasn't washed.
They feed you bad info.
Highly recommend reading all bad reviews.
Seems very common with these guys.
If you just see a flashy vehicle beware.
Look into the mechanics here.
No one want to spend their money on garbage.
So why would you???
I never have to wait in a long line and the associates at this location are very helpful and efficient.
Thanks for being there for all my banking needs ladies.
One atm makes a line seem so much longer.
If you like to watch the paint dry on the wall, this is the place.
The last few years i've had more and more bad experiences with wells fargo and wouldn't recommend them anymore.
Do not do business with this bank!
It doesn't care about your well being.
It is out for blood!
Stay far far away from it!
I would give it zero star but the system won't allow it.
I had a primary mortgage and my second was sold to pnc.
Unfortunately, due to financial hardship, i had to short sell my house.
That's when the nightmare began.
I ended up signing the paperwork agreeing to it just so i don't lose the buyer.
If you see a pnc bank, run as fast as you can away from it!!!
Tell your family and friends to do the same!
Thank you so much!
Happy new customer, michael
I went on their website to check out their inventory, and i saw one that really caught my eye.
I decided to go in person to look at the car and test drive it.
The first sales person to approach me was charlie.
I told him which car i wanted to see and even showed it to him at his desk.
He kept saying they might of sold it and asked if i wanted to see another car.
I insisted on waiting for the car i came to see and finally they brought it out.
So when we parked the car, i looked at the tires and what do you know?
The tire was flat, the rim was digging into the flat tire.
My uncle said the car was fine and nothing to it, so i wanted to go through with the car.
I gave my information to run the credit check and to see the numbers.
Charlie came back with the numbers, it was like $350+ a month and there was a number i didn't like.
I asked how much the apr was and it was at 10%, also another 6%.
I asked where the 6% came from charlie did not explain to me what it was.
I also asked if the added "warranty" for the car was bumper to bumper he said no dealership offers that.
I was already turned off by this whole process especially since he was unprofessional and clueless about everything.
My partner had to step in and say that we will sleep on it.
Also said "i don't think my boss will offer you the sale if you come back."
We answered with "that is fine, but we still want to sleep on it".
As we were leaving he kept saying "are you sure you don't want the car?
At first they seemed cool and wanted to help you.
The moment you have second thoughts, they have a different tone.
I understand you make a sale you get paid, but damn.. really?
He did not even explain why the apr was soo high and what the additional 6% was.
You're much better off purchasing through craigslist than this place.
Avoid this dealership as much as possible!!
For your own good.
16% is highway robbery!
Convenient location right next to the 24 hour gym and zipps sports grill.
They hold my money so that's good.
Probably the worst company to bank with.
Not helpful and withholds information.
Don't waste your time.
Once again thieves in suites.
Please read my review before this one.
Still dealing with the same issue.
And im trying to be nice here get it together please.
Who train this employees?
It's 2pm on a thursday and there is one woman named bethany at the window.
There are 12 people in line waiting to be helped.
The manager on duty is angela and is doing nothing to help the solitary banker.
This is absolutely unacceptable.
Bethany is very pleasant and kind, she was great.
But the managers that are watching the line build up are not doing a thing to help.
Even after being asked by a customer if they could help the one banker the women said no.
I will be reporting this immediately.
I have had a banking relationship with stearns bank for years.
I have nothing but good things to say about the bank.
Even though john mistler is no longer with the bank, i worked with him on many occasions.
The current banking staff are polite, professional and there to help the customer.
I appreciate the fact that they know my name and are always warm and friendly.
It is the way banking should be!
I did a search for bofa near me and ran into so many bad reviews for this location.
Chuck west was knowledgeable, responsive, and approachable.
The mortgage application process was very stressful for me but he made it manageable by being reassuring and confident.
I always felt that he was on my side.
I highly recommend him, especially for people who prefer to work with a real person rather than a faceless company.
1 star for associated.
Associated has screwed over myself and many others close to me time and time again.
They always make sure to screw you over in any way they possibly can.
You better believe those transactions are going to go through early and your paycheck is going to go through late.
Constantly travel out of state and tell the bank not to flag your account if you go there?
5 stars for the personal banker kiefer!
My boyfriend got me a gift through his account and we never got the purchase.
We put up a dispute and got denied it.
Kiefer spent quite awhile looking through their system and talking on the phone.
He talked to a higher up that we had been dealing with.
The guy tried to just tell him all the same things he told us, but that didn't solve the problem.
So kiefer kept at it.
After coming up with nothing, he suggested that maybe blackmilk was lying.
He signed and notarizing papers for us stating the bank didn't have our money.
He was so terribly nice through out the whole process and so legitimately wanted to help us.
I was incredibly impressed and thankful.
(also, to end the story above.
Blackmilk was lying, tried to blame it on paypal, and finally admitted they should send us money.)
I financed my ipl.
Equipment with paramount financial services,the person who helped me in the whole process is drew kabo.
Drew is a very professional ,very helpful and friendly person.
Set up everything and anticipated my needs so my questions were answered before i even had them.
And they took care of issues i didn't even think of.
The process was seamless, even when i was out of town.
He had everything done in advance and we were even able to close early.
If you want white glove service with the best rates look here first.
I really felt i had an ally on my side and couldn't have asked for a better experience.
I love this office.
Any time i need anything they get it to me quickly.
They are also so friendly.
This company is great we used karen moon two times when we purchased our homes.
She is very quick and thorough on closing dates ect.
Her team is very responsive and informative.
I would recommend her to anyone!
Can't believe i wasted 20 years on this insurance company.
Dumped bank of america in 2009.
This branch gave money out of my account to someone not on the account.
They also tried to "upgrade" me from my mastercard to an unwanted (and useless) american express card.
All of our accounts have now been moved to a credit union.
Unethical, misleading, bait and switch!!!!
I would probably get an attorney to review anything this company asks you to sign.
We received an offer in the mail for a 3.9% loan for $150,000 with -1.1% prime rate.
If if sounds to good to be true, it is!
That should have been the first warning.
Started the online application and did the electronic signatures first because it was "due".
They had changed it to an arm (adjustable rate mortgage) hoping we wouldn't notice!!!!!!!!!
I immediately send them an email saying to cancel everything.
They failed to explain why they changed everything without telling us.
I honestly feel like we missed a bullet.
They should be put out of business.
Amber and everyone else that works there should be ashamed of themselves.
I dodged a bullet and i want nothing else to do with them.
I have been banking with bank of america since i  started working when i was 15 yrs old.
Because of this branch and the awful customer service.
The atm set up is absolutely awful!
The inside tellers are very limited so it takes so long to get service.
I'm absolutely disappointed in this branch and at bank of america.
They have definitely lost this 20 year customer!
I felt  compelled to write about  my experience  at this bank when i visited this saturday morning.
This  experience has just left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
I would no longer recommend chase bank to  other people.
Their service department was really awesome.
Mike c gave great customer service and along with jose, they were both very helpful and attentive.
As for the sales department, they too are very helpful in providing us the right car for my daughter.
Kudos to meryem, charlie, and dave for the best car service i have ever experienced.
I definitely recommend this place.
I have had good customer service here from the tellers the couple times i've been here.
They even waived my fee for a cashier's check.
It was only $5, but i'll take it.
My only complaint is that the decor looks so industrial and cold.
I would hate to work there.
I know it's a credit union and not a cozy boutique, but something about it is really unappealing to me.
The layout is just off to me.
Staff was friendly but for how busy it was, the manager should've had more people working.
Or at least take some of the clients himself.
This place is extremely busy on fridays and have a very small staff.
So if you don't have an appointment i recommend you going elsewhere.
Don't get me wrong, the staff was very very friendly and manager was nice.
But for the volume of this location, they are severely understaffed.
Very convenient located in the target/kohl's shopping center on blue diamond.
I will be reporting them both.
Working downtown, it's convenient, and the staff has always been really pleasant and helpful!
Otherwise, the lines move pretty quickly and the layout is nice, open, and easy to navigate.
If you're a pnc customer downtown, i highly recommend this branch!
I highly recommend this place .
Mary nell was very helpful with my car purchase.
I felt welcome and at ease going to reliable auto sales.
There was no haggling which i appreciated.
I asked immediately to give me the out the door price and she did.
No sales pitch whatsoever.
It is a "reliable" place to go get your new vehicle.
Conveniently located at nec of 7th st and mcdowell and just north of the i-10.
Now if they could only make getting out of the parking lot during rush hour any easier!
Ann mountz was a awesome rep to work with!
I spent a little over two years working with her throughout my loan and qualifying process.
She has always been straightforward in letting me know exactly what was needed.
I'm thankful this month we finally closed on our new home, and it's all because of ann.
Stopped by this branch on a tuesday at 2pm.
Wanted to simply stop a direct debit, teller says i need the help of an account specialist.
I noticed only one on duty, and only one person waiting ahead of me.
So i signed in thinking it wouldn't be too long.
Boy was i wrong!
30 mins later i decided to walk out.
There is tons of body damage - car is dirty as hell..
Sales reps and management team were not interested in adjusting the price accordingly.
All in all id say this dealer is a run of the muck sleaze ball!
I was working in tempe arizona.
I stopped at an atm to take out money for work.
When the money was coming out of the atm it got stuck and i couldn't get it to come out.
I was able to pull some of the top dollars off before it closed on my finger.
I thought that if i took a 20 out it would push the money out that was stuck in there.
The 20 came out all by itself i never got the other $80.
They file the claim and i just heard back that they were keeping my $80.
They said the atm balanced.
I had no reason to make this up.
If there are video camera have been working on the atm they would've seen exactly what happened to me.
Wells fargo basically kept my money because they cut.
I am going to go home and close my account.
I don't want to do business with a company that steals my money just because because they can.
They know that most people will probably just back down and they'll get to keep the $80.
This is the worst b of a location in las vegas.
Service is fake friendly until there is something semi challenging then no one is competent to help.
Customer service assured me it would be no problem and that i could make the withdrawl at any branch.
More than that she wouldn't give me any reason why.
Remaining calm, i contacted support again.
They said i should be able to make the withdrawl, and they asked to speak to the branch manager.
I never raised my voice or acted unprofessionally towards anyone.
I missed the tournament thanks to this absurdity at b of a.
The branch manager or manager on duty (chubby blonde girl) should seriously be fired.
She showed absolutely no empathy for my situation and hid in her office.
One nevada credit union and financial service representative dawn craig, awesome!!!!
I transferred all of my accounts from chase, which offers poor customer service at most local branches.
The branch members are very helpful.
Dawn made my experience painless while taking her time to focus on me.
She was patient while setting up my account.
I even got my online account set up before leaving the branch.
One customer was being helped and another teller was open.
Finally another teller came out to help me.
I needed to cash a check written by someone with a bbva account.
I told her that was ok but that i thought it was ridiculous.
My first experience confirms it....
I will never do business with bbva.
The only reason for 2 stars is the employees are super friendly.
I only do business banking here and i dread coming here.
They do not respect their customers time whatsoever.
Applied for a heloc 8 weeks ago.
We have over 700,000 in equity on our home and 805 credit score.
We were approved for the loan but still have not closed.
Well they pulled title and claim that when we refinanced 5 years ago, the loan holder never released the lien.
I faxed third fed the documents, waited a couple of day, and then asked when we will close.
No one has any idea.
Our rep won't even ball park.
If i weren't already two months in with the bathroom remodel nearly completed, i'd pull my app and go elsewhere.
They have low rates, but you are best to look elsewhere unless you have plenty of time.
Wish i can give no stars at all!
These people are rude.
I informed her the reviews i read was 100 percent true.
The manager states well sorry you feel that way and you haven't meat us.
As rude as they are they need all new employees.
Was in the area in need of an atm that was not in a grocery store.
I don't trust those atm's.
Found this bank of america and i said, "bingo".
I drove up to park near the atm when i noticed a white banged up car with two people inside.
I went inside the branch and tried to speak to a man by a desk.
This branch has a very unprofessional staff.
My spouse & i are both going to switch banks due to very poor customer service!!
Tellers are rude, very young, do not care about the customer at all.
Front and back brakes, alignment and 2 new tires.
I will take my complaints up the ladder until i receive some decent customer service
I went to this place looking for a mercedes.
I walked in and everybody just kind of stared at me.
I finally said "i'm here car shopping."
At that point i got up and left.
Clearly this place is a ghetto ass car dealership and based on the reviews they live up to their reputation.
I stopped in a brand to start a money market account.
The csr at the 800# said i had to call the florida branch.
I did and he said they could set it up by phone.
I called back and asked for a supervisor.
This afternoon, my money will be leaving 3rd fed.
I have honestly had nothing but exceptional service each time i've visited this branch.
I have used several locations and have been very happy with each one but this one takes the cake.
Great bank great employees!
Feel like i am wanted when i come here.
Everything is also super quick
We had gone through all but the final stages of refinancing our home in california using people's mortgage.
When it came to receiving the final summary,  paul gallegos decided to fall of the face of the planet.
He wouldn't return numerous calls to his cell phone.
We contacted the company directly who said they would have him reach out to us.
Best place, best costomer service, best finances, is   best vehicle .
On the website they have discounted cash price.
What else would i want.
Thank you reliable auto sales
Rude, arrogant, cold service.
This is arizona, chase people!
Lighten up a bit!
Not coming back to this location.
That was hands-down the worst experience of my life.
Incredibly rude would be an understatement.
The super thick glass is clearly intended to keep customers from going over the counter.
Undoubtedly the most honest and thorough sale i've ever been involved in when it comes to purchasing a car.
Mitch was open from the beginning of our interaction to the signing my contract.
I appreciate that especially being new to las vegas.
I'd recommend anyone, of any age, buying level to check them out!
You won't be disappointed.
I recommend going elsewhere.
Along with that, i have had nothing but problems with their customer service over the phone through the risk department.
Did not give accurate information and each time i called they told me something different.
Terrible company with stupid employees both at this branch and through the risk department.
I recommend banking with someone else.
We know that a loan/escrow process is a trying time for everyone concerned, namely the loan officer and the applicants.
We had the pleasure of doing business with mr. roger cain.
From the very onset my wife and i felt very comfortable  and confident with  mr. cain.
His demeanor, professionalism, knowledge and experience gave us the composure and trust we needed throughout the nerve-wrecking process.
People with highly polished work-ethics are a rare breed these days.
Mr. cain is at the top of the list when it comes to work ethic.
Personal commitment and going beyond the work hours are his unspoken personal  "mission statement".
I am a retired police sergeant but still a good judge of character.
I was not wrong about mr. cain.
It is often said that the good lord sends us " angels in disguise"...mr. cain wore his well.
Thank you mr. cain and everyone at people's mortgage who made our dream come true.
Sincerely, frank & yolanda espejo.
This "sunny" bank has the most rules, regulation and policies that are anti-consumer than all other banks i've encountered combined.
I always laugh when people want to leave 0 stars but this time i want to leave 0 stars.
"hi, thanks for calling third federal, how can i brighten up your sunny day?"
-- kiss my ass, that's how.
Hey, tf, how about sending me a letter saying i paid off my loan?
You've had a month.
How about changing my mailing address without bringing a notary into play?
My loan is paid off and my account is closed - assholes - i moved , thus the new address.
When i asked them why, they said it was due to "external factors."
Wtf does that mean?
I paid you on time -- period -- end.
I'm so happy to be done with this shitty bank in bf ohio.
Low interest rates don't mean shit if you can't get to your equity.
Terrible customer service at this location from the manager.
She does not care one little bit about you or try to satisfy anyone.
She definitely has a power trip about being the manager or something.
Unfortunately, it is the closest one to where i live, but i will absolutely never go back to her location.
The other employees are all great, she is the just terrible!!
Fraudulent bank deleted my comment from facebook because they are embarrassed: heloc offer is illusory.
Claims it is 3.49% but really it's pegged to prime rate and can go as high as 18%!
Application website pulls credit before you are even done with application and hit "submit."
They are also very argumentative and not very customer-service oriented.
When told their credit pull was illegal, they basically take the position that they "can't do anything about it."
Which is just not true - that credit pull can be reversed.
Caveat emptor (buyer beware).
Really slip-shod operation, and they lie besides!
What a busy branch but the line moved fairly quickly.
They were very helpful in getting a task accomplished for me on behalf of my client.
This is the best bank in town.
The customer service is incredible.
Bought a car here a week ago.
The car wasn't even washed let alone detailed when i went to pick it up.
It also had no gas in it.
I literally had to drive it off the lot to the gas station.
Not one person showed me how to use the computer system.
They didn't even delete the old owners and still had all their cell phones hooked up to the car!
He was extremely rude!
Could care less about helping.
I would not recommend anyone buying a car from here.
Go to a legitimate dealership not some run down ghetto used car lot.
Learn from my mistake!
Don't buy a car from here.
I switched over from allstate where i had been with agent for about 20 yrs.
Gave my allstate an opportunity to match it, but he couldn't come close.
I have a good record with no accidents and i worked with jennifer w. from chris' office.
I've called numerous times about different things and always gotten great customer service.
Every 6 months my policy would go up a little though i have no accidents or claims.
Not sure why that is or inflation or what.
Anyway, they are always courteous and professional when i call and they seem to have good business dealings.
9 weeks passed since my account was opened and the gift card is nowhere.
More than one week passed since the call and nothing happened.
Educated us on all of our options.
We were quickly approved and closed on the property!
Great location, top notch service and products.
Lines move quickly and you can also get assistance with applying for a home loan and credit cards.
Key bank is great!
Their silver mm account pays atm fees and more.
If you have a job, keybank's benefits are great.
Great advice finding us the right policy to suit our needs.
Husband and i learned a lot from sharon and taylor over conference call.
It was a painless process.
They were friendly and very knowledgeable.
Our only regret is that we didn't do this sooner.
We actually didn't even know this existed.
Ask them to help you before you have another birthday.
This dealer is the worst.
I make an appointment to see a car and give them the stock number from their website.
I show up when i was suppose to (the next morning).
And the car doesn't even have gas to take a test drive.
This dealer is so cheap they wont even put gas in a car to drive it one block.
That should have been the first red flag, but i continued to look at the car.
I notice overspray on the front bumper and by the grill the paint is bubbling so i open the hood.
I see the bolts on the front cowl are brand new and some are even loose.
First off my car is a certified preowned ford vehicle which i bought from ford.
Dealers aren't able to certify their vehicles if they have been in major accidents like this idiot suggested.
Second cars can pull to the right or left without being in an accident hence the reason alignments were invented.
Will most likely change banks since "customer service" quit at this branch.
Correct me if i'm wrong...
But the holiday has not changed common sense will tell you that banked will be crowded before the holiday ...
The views that this place has  oh my...oh my!
I showed up at 9:30am and was wisked upstairs for 10:30am tour.
The final room was just a waiting room in the middle of the north end of the building.
Definitely would go out of the way to see this for sure.
Parking options are a couple of lots underground with some street parking as well.
If you have the chance...don't question it, just go and check the building out.
The student account here was free so i decided to go ahead and get an account.
A check on an account i hadn't even been given checks for yet!
I was mad that this would have happened, but figured that the worst was over.
Far from the end of this story.
Two weeks later on 9/19 i got a letter from the bank about a loan "i" had taken out.
The teller then says that that isn't true and that it is free with the student account.
Thanks so much u.s. bank; two things i never had to do before i dealt with you.
Gregory was very kind and helpful!
Worked very hard to make us happy and get within our budget.
Lines are a nightmare.
Waits are minimum 30 min everytime.
Caused by old people who can't use atm or pay bills online and like to make small talk.
Free tea though so 2 stars.
Heloc offer is illusory.
Claims it is 3.49% but really it's pegged to prime rate and can go as high as 18%!
Application website pulls credit before you are even done with application and hit "submit."
They are also very argumentative and not very customer-service oriented.
When told their credit pull was illegal, they basically take the position that they "can't do anything about it."
Which is just not true - that credit pull can be reversed.
Caveat emptor (buyer beware).
This is a terrible financial product - don't fall for the disappearing ink of a low number in advertising!
So a couple weeks ago, i went in to use the atm.
I was using the atm minding my own business when i felt something hitting my knee.
I looked down and saw that the little door on the bottom of the atm was open.
My friend then also noticed the door was open, so he reached down try to push it closed.
I was panicking so i yelled "my card is still in there!"
And she said "well get it out and then leave" so i cancelled the transaction, took my card, and left.
I was sweating, my heart was pounding and i was more angry than i had been in a long time.
What bank doesn't have a notary?
Tucked away off the main road and next to the university.
Found it in my gps.
Atm available as well as full service during open hours.
This bank is very inconvenient.
Now i have been trying to access their bill pay online and the site has been unavailable for three day.
Their are way to happy to cancel your card when they suspect any unauthorized activity.
My other account is with chase and there is no comparison when it comes to online banking and customer service.
I wish there is a 0 star rating.
Their appraisal came in 25% lower than market value.
They refused to send me a copy of my credit report.
I have been working with many banks, this is by far the worst.
I went in to the bank today to cash a check from an out of town friend.
Thank you, bobbie haley, for the friendliest service i've received at a bank in a long time.
Though i was simply cashing a check, you made it a pleasure.
Good location in south tempe by asu off us-60, busy intersection.
I usually just use the atm by the entrance, never really have to go into the lobby.
Good bank to put your monies in.
Definitely recommending it to everyone!
I recently purchased a vehicle from this dealership.
It provided awesome customer service and i was being greatly very well.
I love the vehicle and has no problem driving back to arizona.
I am in the process of switching from skank of america so i opened an account here.
A very refreshing banking experience
They were fine with my refinance but their payment processors are incompetent.
Whenever i pay additional principal i end up contacting them to complain and have them fix their records.
This is because they put some or all towards early payment of other payments.
Write a letter, talk to a manager to no avail.
I think i have finally found my 'home' with a bank.
I have been with wells fargo for 4 years.
Here is my list of postitives and negatives.
- awesome savings plans.
I love this feature.
Negatives: - you have to have your account number (not your debit card number) when you call.
And have been satisfied.
What a lazy, incompetent bunch of fools!
Save yourself much time and frustration and put your hard earned money elsewhere!
The tellers are really nice and helpful and there's rarely that long of a wait.
Now this has happened at least 3 different times.
I won't name the bank but they were opening customer accounts without the customer's knowledge.
So far i am very impressed by midfirst and their employees.
I get exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable service.
They don't stalk you in the lobby and their greetings seem genuine.
Less than 30 days ago we bought a used 2007 bmw x5 from cesar.
We know buying used comes with potential problems but what we've experienced thus far has been a nightmare!
First, we were sold on the "lifetime protection" which actually doesnt kick in until you do 2 il changes.
When i called about our "warranty" we were told we did have one.
I specifically told cesar i wasn't signing the "no warranty" until i had something in place.
The "manager" i spoke to was rude and we were told "there is nothing we can do."
All we want is this car looked at and fixed and worth what we paid from this dealership!
Cesar no longer works there....
Received a direct mail solicitation indicating we could receive a heloc of up to $56,000.
Since we told them this would not work for us they proceeded to send us a "denial of credit" letter.
Don't give this company your business if you expect a fair appraisal of your property.
Will be investigating whether their misrepresentations are a violation of federal banking laws.
We have bought 2 cars from this place and their service is great!
The finance manager dave is sooo nice and accommodating and the sales rep mitch is the best.
He's so honest, caring and really helps you find what you're looking for.
Was there for a long time but i'm very happy with both cars we purchased!
If i can i would give "0" star.
I choose this bank for convenience and close to where i live.
Am i getting a surprised.
Fist the bank screw up the account.
Using my ss # as on my husband atm card.
2.  when i tried to call the 866 number for setup atm pin number.
Asking me over and over to get the number and name correct.
Beside those operators can't take care the business in one call.
I have to called call back so many times just to get the activate and get the pin.
Why don't they just take care the customer in one call.
Instead of making me to chase the rainbow.
After the first called, they want me to hang up and redial the number again just to get the pin.
Why can they give me the pin in one call.
Did i said the bank screw up my husband card with my ss#?
So the systems doesn't recognize the phone number i applied to open the account with or the ss#.
Since the bank already mess up the account, why can the systems recognize the information.
I called the 866 numbers at lease 5 times trying to setup my account but failed.
I was wonder who screw up my account in the first place.
I just want to activate my card and get the pin number.
Why make it so hard for the customer to go around and around.
I have not try my card yet.
It is just my husband card i am trying to setup....
Even one card, i was chasing the rainbow to the end of the world.
I closed the account right away.
Always a long line and only one teller.
But they have have two people standing at the front counter.
When i was exploring an equity loan (time to replace windows), i did a lot of online research.
Citibank's rates were ridiculously high, and the second tier lenders all had mixed reviews.
I had one of the best financial reps i've ever had the pleasure of working with (great job christina.caraballo!)
And yes, i do have solid credit and easy documentation.
Maybe that's the secret sauce, but i have to give third federal my highest marks!
Absolutely love chase bank!
The staff is always friendly, kind and helpful.
I've been in the bank on three separate occasions in the last two weeks and mario exceeded my expectations.
Good job chase keep up the great customer service.
When i asked  for proof the bank said they didn't have a way to provide it.
Last year i asked for documents from my escrow review, they sent me over 30 pages from another customers  account.
Showing that customers name, address, bank information escrow review, how can you trust any bank that makes so many errors,
This bank is ridiculous!!
We took our stuff and left.
I thoughy that credit unions were suppose to be member oriented.
They need to change their policy.
I would not do business with third federal.
They do business unethically and are anti-customer.
0 stars if there was an option.
I was approved for a loan and started drawing on it and relying on it.
All payments were made on time in auto-enrollment.
But third federal ended up pulling away my loan right from underneath me without any forewarning!
Take a look at the reviews of this place.
I wish i would have looked before calling.
There was a very professional greeting when we entered, and was shown to a personal banker right away.
Our personal banker was again, professional and was able to take care of our needs promptly.
This was a very good visit!
The whole process went as fast as i supplied documentation.
They made it easy to interact with them - for data, documents and questions.
I was skeptical that their distance from us (chicago to cleveland) could be an obstacle, it never was.
I'd recommend them in a heartbeat again.
I've been a cmcu customer for about a year now and could not be happier with the service.
I will never do business again with a traditional bank.
So b of a was the first bank where i ever opened a checking account or had a debit card.
Yeah, that happened to me.
I don't bank with them anymore.
Though, i should say, there is the occasional good hearted teller who may cut you some slack around the holidays.
They represent the second star.
This location is fine for normal banking.
If you need a banker it always takes forever.
I just walked out because they wanted me to wait 25 mins to send my wire.
We have been with azccu for over 16 years and have ultimately been satisfied with the service.
Definitely a more personalized experience than some larger banks.
We have had several auto loans with them and very happy with the low interest rates.
I would recommend them to anyone.
I walked in to 3 women who acted as if i was an intrusion on their day.
I can handle people being busy, but at some point, the professionalism has to kick in.
Especially since i am there to place a substantial amount of money in your bank.
Well, it never did.
So, i left and have no plans to return.
We spent 3 months with cmcu in the hopes in getting an equity line of credit.
To find out that they don't understand basic real estate laws and we had to micromanage the process.
Don't waste your time.
The environment there seemed to breed laziness and incompetency.
Called in to inquire about an a mailer sent to my home about a heloc.
The lady i spoke with was incompetent and steered around answering my question.
Nice try, but it didn't work.
She also kept huffing and puffing which was very rude.
I asked to speak to a supervisor and apparently they don't have one.
The process of the getting a home equity loan was lengthy but eventually it was approved.
They called the police, as she wouldn't tell them who she was and why she was there.
In fact, she was quite rude to them.
Fortunately, the house did appraise high enough to allow me to get the loan.
I can see why - he's friendly and extremely knowledgable about cars, but is not pushy.
Even though i didn't find the car i was looking for on this trip, i'd recommend checking this place out.
This store is always adequately staffed to customer demands.
The bank tellers are extremely friendly and although they work efficiently, i never feel rushed.
The location inside and out is sparkling clean, warm and inviting.
How low the reviews are for this branch don't surprise me.
Customer service here really sucks!
I've been with desert schools for over three years now.
I've been to several of their locations.
This one is very nice and fairly convenient if you're over on the west side.
It does have a drive-thru.
The inside line and drive-thru can be a bit slow at times.
They like to chat with you by asking how your day is going and such.
It's okay to a point.
Sometimes though, i feel they go a bit too far by asking if i have plans for the weekend.
Honestly, this annoys me more than anything.
Its a huge negative to me.
First of all, it's unprofessional.
Second, just deposit my money.
Third, it's none of your freaking business!!
The bank was completely empty, other than the employees.
It's like going into a grocery store that closes at 10 pm, but they shut down the registers at 9.
It doesn't make sense!
Why are you even open?
If i just needed to withdraw or deposit money, i could use the atm.
He bluntly said, "we are keeping your money".
Sincerely, craig stellpflug - former bank of america customer
The crew here is awesome!
They've helped me with several issues that other branches say they're isn't an answer.
Leila haag and her staff are the very best.
The usual car buying haggling so nothing majorly different.
I wouldn't trust their in house mechanic's assessments of anything....proven to not be "reliable" no pun intended.
Also, don't commit to financial payments outside of your budget.
The customer service department is filled with people needing a better outlook on life..simply rude, obnoxious and very condescending.
Better options are around town...so look elsewhere first and choose better.
We have been chase customers for 9 years.
We have even trusted them with our small business that we are building.
They have been great.
But all of a sudden over a minor mistake that has been fixed before they are being stubborn.
Saying there is absolute nothing that they could.
Sticking to there ways.
We have a pretty good amount of money going on there weekly.
Also have personal accounts with them.
But they are just being carless.
Now looking for else where to do our business with.
This is the branch we called for help and no help giving.
We know they don't need us but they can at least act like they care.
And today, the "finance manager" declined me because she wants an account number.
For 2 years you guys never ask me that and now you do?
I just want change.
What is a bank who doesn't give change.
So, i deposited $448 15 days ago at the camelback & dysart rd.
As i'm reading the screen, it reads "there's a problem with deposit".
No money came back out but a piece of receipt paper with a number to call.
I said "there's no 'out of order' there and more people are using it."
So i waited till the next day to check my balance and sure enough, my deposit was missing.
I placed a claim immediately.
They credited my account and today, they're doing a $428 charge back.
I called claims dept and they said, "out of the $448, only $20 were recovered."
In like "oh hellz no!"
How can you find some money and not all?
Yesterday i receiveda piece of mail stating that they were crediting me $9.00 from a different deposit 5days ago.
From the same atm!!!
So now, i'm seating here at the chase bank branch feeling helpless!!!
Anyone else had had this problem?
I'm really fed up with busey's questionable and inconsistent customer service.
Having said that, i have had that teller before, and i know he's rude.
He doesn't ruin the good customer service experience i have had at busey.
Busey is a good place to bank, with tons of atms all over champaign.
Sadly, i am still switching to pnc, because my brother works there now.
Very happy with my loan officer ryan.
Yes he's that good.
Friendly and fast service.
There's an atm at the drive through, near entrance and inside the store.
Tellers are quick and there's also mortgage and investment specialists on site.
They have such poor communication between staff and wasted plenty of my time to visit them.
The cheque book came into my mail with only 50 pages, called them and received bad attitudes.
So i asked my wife to open a credit card with azccu.
We get home and we can't log in to the account.
She went back to the bank and took care of it.
Next, she received two credit cards.
She went back to the bank and they said one was sent by mistake.
She then used the remaining card.
Finally, she got her statement.
It says she has not used the card.
Now we are thinking they sent the statement for the card that was cancelled.
Do not open a credit card with this bank!!!
5 stars for naomi johnson.
3 stars for this branch at the corner of bermuda and silverado ranch.
The parking sucks, there is almost always a line.
Stay away, this is the worse place for you to buy a car!!!
We test drove it and my husband noticed the engine light was on and asked about it.
We assumed they would really check the car and make sure it was ok before selling.
The car is now our problem.
Don't put yourself in a similar position, do your research and go some place else..this is by far non reliable.
Shaun bernaldo-lujan was extremely helpful and polite.
This is my favorite location.
Thank you for the excellent customer service!
We worked with justin, kathy, and team to purchase our home.
We were absolutely happy with our experience.
Despite a snag in the appraisal process, justin's team managed to close our loan on time.
As a side bonus, everyone we dealt with was very friendly.
We have recommended the company to our family and friends, and would use them again in the future.
I'm on the fence with sodexho.
But the food it supplies isn't great.
It seems to focus on quantity and not quality.
I have never really been impressed with the food quality or the price.
For example, if i buy a loaded salad with some dressing and a bottle of water, it costs $8.40.
I can get a salad that tastes better and a bottle of water at mcdonald's for $5.00.
I have to give credit to the convenience factor of sodexho being on-site.
I mean, i can grab lunch and be back at my desk in less than 10 minutes.
Other items are just average like sandwiches, fries and hamburgers, but again, overpriced.
I usually go out or go home since i live so close to work.
One other thing sodexho does well is survey its patrons.
I always give raw, honest feedback about food quality and the high price.
Yet, the quality and the price have remained the same for the five years i have tasted it.
Corporate food, what can i say?
So up until today, i had always gotten top notch, perfect customer service.
Never a complaint the year i've been using this branch.
Again i say, until today.
I forgot my wallet (thus no debit card or id) and happen to get the teller that doesn't know me.
I've done this before.
I just stared in shock and she said 'sorry'.
Not sorry at all and i was furious and just left.
It was beyond ridiculous because i know they can verify me other ways just for 20 bucks.
For a teller not to be able to second think it or even one up it to a manager?
Loved working with ryan and movement mortgage.
I was kept notified of all aspects of the loan and what was coming up next.
Quick and completely painless experience for all involved.
I highly recommend ryan cramer.
I couldn't get any help from the loan company or chase customer service on the phone.
He has talked to countless people from chase and and the loan company to find where my money is.
I was so frustrated before coming in, i felt like no one wanted to help me or understood.
Jim has been the most helpful person i have encountered in a very long time.
If the manager would do this for me, then his staff would do this for you too.
I received a check from a member, and stoppped in today to cash it.
Walking in,  heading all the way to the back, you're faced with a left or right side choice.
A female employee from the left side told us someone would be with us soon.
Nope, not at all.
To the casinos, to the grocery and yes, for our usual trips to the bank.
He removed his hat and then himself from the building.
Finally the cashier on the right was finished with his customer and called me forward.
I presented my drivers license and the check.
Do you have a credit card?
I have another id with a photo.
No we need a credit card.
Fine, i present a card.
Now he has  my state issued drivers license and my credit card, and walks away!
I thought maybe he needed authorization.
These photocopies were not presented to me at anytime, they were folded and put in a drawer.
(it looked like the signature on my drivers license)  he counted out my funds and said have a nice day.
We will be driving 6 miles further to check out a navy federal credit union tomorrow.
I will not accept a check drawn on this credit union again.
If i could give 1/10 a star based on their friendliness, i would.
Very easy and efficient atm's.
Also chase is probably the best bank you can bank with.
They have saved me from fraud on two separate occasions now.
Typical shady used car lot...,
I went in and waited 10 minutes, then sunshine helped me get a new card.
Not only was it not the color i wanted but when i went to use it my card didn't work.
The drive through customer service at chase bank in aliante parkway is horrible.
Horrible drive through service.
However, great personal bankers....
Louis is a joke.
Always have to call someone.
For my 401k, i couldn't login because they showed me under my maiden name.
I pretty much had to tell the guy how to do his job.
Thank goodness i don't bank here and bank across the street at b of a.
I am in the loan signing business.
Most borrowers are upset by the long arduous process- having said that.
This refi could not have been easier and stress free.
Their closing costs are lower than any .
They asked me for 3 items which i uploaded the their site.
This office has great customer service.
I had a few questions regarding my insurance and they were very eager to help.
I have dealt with david on several occasions and he has always been a true professional.
I would recommend this agency to any of my friends or family.
They are good people.
Terrible reviews and most of them being they did not have enough staffing.
Currently waiting, have been waiting now for 30 min.
Seriously on a friday?
I reside on summerlin so the closest branch to me is the one on rainbow.
Today i had an appointment near this branch and i had to withdraw some money.
I arrive and there's 2 lanes to be taken care of.
I go to the one where people are waiting to be attended.
One lady right next to me even said "are you kidding me?
I'm not the kind of person who likes to make big deals out of small situations.
But even the branch manager seemed careless.
I suggest kindly they should definitely work on their customer service/hospitality,  judgement and performance please.
Friendly reminder, i never had this issue with other branches, just this one.
The bank had entered a default vin on the application but she accused me of entering the incorrect vin no.
She gave us incorrect information several times and didn't seem qualified at all to be handling auto loans.
Wells fargo needs to do a better over all training job.
Other staff there seemed nice.
If my company wrote me a bad check ,then its their job and the bank job to address this issue.
I have had a mortgage with third federal for almost two years now.
If you bank with chase, you receive complimentary notary services, and that was delivered without a hassle.
And, when we needed copies, the reply was, "no problem."
This team was amazing and did an outstanding job communicating throughout our loan process!!
Thank you so much for your hard work and making this process so smooth.
I hate being told one thing then charged another bad business
This is where i do all of my banking.
Its never really busy except for fridays because of payday.
This bank seriously has the longest line ever.
If my employer did not bank with them then i would never come here to cash my check.
Seriously, the worst bank ever with customer service, accounts and friendliness.
Dozens of customers, one teller...during lunch rush...literally, everytime i come in here.
If i had the choice, i would never come here.
I see other bad reviews saying the same thing on this and other platforms from years ago.
Doesn't look like it's going to change anytime soon.
The tellers and bankers at this location are friendly and helpful.
English is not my dad's first language.
He sometimes has difficulties with understand all the jargon and technical terms.
The personal banker was willing to answer all his questions and walk him through the paperwork.
I'm a first time home buyer.
My experience with the mark taylor amerifirst financial group, was absolutely terrible.
I mean this is what they do every single day of the week.
You would think they'd at least get the property address i was purchasing correctly but they couldn't even do that.
Walked in and was ignored for a full 10 minutes.
I'm now sitting at wells fargo with my $137, 500 check from the sale of my house.
I'm sure management won't be happy to hear that.
Ryan made the home buying process a breeze!
He got us a great rate and we were able to close within 30 days of signing the purchase contract.
Ryan was always readily available by phone or email with the answers to all of our questions.
I would definitely recommend ryan cramer at movement mortgage and their in-house underwriting service.
These are good people here they have my future business.
I have read many negative reviews about third federal.
I am writing my review to help customers nervous about the process.
While the process is not over for me, so far it has been great.
I walked into the branch in mentor in late june and sat down with gail.
She actually took all of my information right there and got the process rolling.
She was very helpful in explaining the process.
I did all of this the next day.
At this point it said i was in the processing stage.
They sent an appraiser to my house who did a thorough evaluation of my property in and out.
It is nerve-wracking waiting for appraisal to come back because you do not know what it will be.
They simply evaluate the house for the bank.
They get paid regardless of whether the house appraises at a certain value or not.
I waited for the appraisal to come in and the appraisal was fine.
There was roughly 78% ltv which i thought and hoped there would be.
I called gail who explained that it was going to underwriting from this point.
It took less than a week in underwriting.
It now says i am in the closing stage.
I had to sign off electronically on one more thing per the underwriter's conditions which i did.
Now i am in the closing stage which is just the home stretch from what i was told.
They just have to get the pay off for the old loan and get the title work in order.
Currently i have only great things to say about third federal.
I will keep you updated when it closes or if there turns out to be any problems.
I would highly recommend using third federal at this point.
A few tips: remember, the appraisal has nothing to do with them.
Your credit score has nothing to do with them.
Your income to debt is your own doing.
Finally, your income, current job, and employment history also are up to you.
Excellent service from bianca of 1st ave wf.
I couldn't get through to wf fiesta for 2 days and she gave them a message for me.
They actually called to say they received my message.
I needed to cancel a $150 drilling to safety deposit box and didn't know until 1/2 hr.
Before that appt that someone was aware.
I also e'd and fax'd fiesta wf* with no response!!
They* definitely need to get their phone system into the 20th century.
Rarely more than one teller on duty.
Did away with notary services.
There are more security guards than employees.
If you're going to stop serving a community, stop instead of doing it so poorly.
Signed, twenty year customer
After moving, i needed to switch banks as my old one didn't have a branch in az.
Doesn't seem very "personal" to me.
Ryan was able to help us boost our score and get in on the historically low rates now available.
Thanks, ryan, you saved us a bunch of money!
Once again 25 minute wait just to cash a check.
I'm about to switch banks just because of this branch, and i need a bank closer to where i live
Why in the hell do they put the slowest teller on for saturday's?
The line is long, they are only open a few hours and she is so slow!!
They need to fix this, it's every damn saturday she is working!!!!
I need to go to a different location.
They only have one window open on a busy saturday!!
One of them gave a patron a sarcastic remark...pretty funny but very unprofessional.
I love coming here, they are always willing and ready to help you or answer question you may have
Painfully slow service...friendly people just poorly run...long lines every time and one window open.
The represenatives there suck.
They rather argue with you and explain why they are right rather than listen to what you are saying.
They think they know the answer to the question before you ask it.
Are you kidding me!
( fanny cona) thanks for the bad customer service, ill be doing business now with arizona state credit union.
I'm a member of a sister credit union and the atm said it would impose a $2.50 fee.
I cancelled my transaction and left.
If you don't bank with sunwest fcu directly, stay away from their atm's!!
Don't bother to come in.
I was banking here for 5 years and today i closed my safety deposit box.
I waited for 45 minutes to get access to my box and decided it doesn't worth it.
They are saving $$$ by replacing employees with atm machines.
It does not work!!!!!
I don't typically go to the bank unless it's to the drive thru atm.
However i went in recently, and was fortunate to have come across an incredibly helpful representative named sara.
She was very professional, truly listened to my concerns and provided as many options possible.
Her customer service and people skills were above and beyond.
Hands down the best experience i've had at this location.
I had a great experience with tod hale via the car buying program at azfcu.
At first i told him i wanted a used car and gave him my list of specs.
He started working on it immediately and came back with several options.
He was very patient and his communication was excellent throughout the process.
Because cls partners with azfcu, the loan paperwork was a breeze.
I never set foot in a dealership.
I have already recommended tod to several friends.
A very close friend of mine banks at abt-arizona bank and trust.
He recently had an accident and his car was totaled.
We were in a real pickle.
Earl was equally understanding and apologetic but explained his hands were also tied.
Our special thanks to brent, earl and ken!
The customer service at this location is the best!
Every one is super nice, helpful and efficient!
Banker said i needed to bring a form that needed to be filled out before i went to the counter.
Easiest time i've ever had opening an account.
Quick, informative should be the motto.
I love this bank!
Great location in a magoo walmart.
I'm leaving the 5-star review as-is but want to share a couple of experiences from the past two days.
Luckily, it's been good for me outside of this one incident.
Today i went to a kiosk and dealt with an absolutely fantastic employee!
She was friendly, personable, helpful, efficient, and took care of everything i needed her to.
If basing my overall experience with pcf on this interaction, i would rate it 5-stars.
Do not go here they take forever with there tellers  that don't take this serious !
Very rude customer service not worth it
So marla was lying like we assumed.
Went to another location - baseline and rural go here!!!
Shawn took the check asked for 2 forms of id and got the check cashed!
Had really excellent experience with one nevada mortgage department.
Very straightforward, fast and convenient.
The assistant manager, marla, is a horrible example of customer service.
We went there to cash a auto nation car check that was drawn on boa account.
Auto nation is one of the largest car dealerships in the nation.
Marla said we needed to wait while they call to verify the check.
They advised us that a different branch should be able to help.
We went to a s cone branch and experienced no problems getting the check cashed.
The only difference was the 2nd branch (shawn at baseline and rural) wanted 2 forms of id.
That is what customer service looks like.
This is the second time i've had a problem with marla.
She is the worst.
We knew she was lying to us.
Avoid this bank at all costs.
I'm sending a letter to the head of boa.
Someone needs to know marla is incompetent.
This branch location is conveniently located.
The location is kept very clean.
Unfortunately they suffer frequent malfunctions; from the drive up window, the atm, even the front door.
The biggest downfall is the length of time it takes to make a simple deposit.
Doesn't matter if you go inside or drive up expect to take several minutes waiting to make a simple deposit.
For example i wrote this review while waiting to make a simple deposit in the drive up window.
We come here almost everyday for our business service.
The place is usually very busy during week days.
But we have never had any problem w their customer service.
The managers, all the staffs are very friendly n helpful.
They always make us  feel  great and they take care of us very well  every time we visit.
She is super kind, informative and professional.
Probably the dingiest us bank i've ever been in.
There's a security guard outfront, which lets you know right away you are not safe.
The staff is rude, and has dirty looks stuck on their faces.
Being a businesswoman, the place honestly offends me as a whole.
I will never be back again.
This is the only way to buy a car!
Tod hale is fantastic.
He is super friendly, honest and easy to work with.
We have to purchase a car for our daughter next and will reach out to tod to help us.
They require atm preferences to be updated on debit cards.
Why can't an amount greater than $200 be entered and saved?
I don't know how they get rated high by their customers.
They're nothing but headaches.
It's usually just one teller working while the line is out the door.
I don't bank here, (thank goodness) but i have family that does.
I hate coming here and it can usually take up to 45 mins fo get helped by a teller.
Don't expect to get in here and out quickly, lol plan accordingly!
He was super nice and personal.
Lindsey was very nice and tried to be as helpful as she could.
Citizen bank is the worst bank i have ever had in the united states of america.
I moved to pittsburgh a few months ago from another state.
I could not find my chase bank in pittsburgh , so i decided to choose citizens.
I had some  money in my previous bank account and i want to transfer it to my citizen account.
The person who works in citizens bank lied  and cheated me.
Now  i am with pnc bank and i am very happy .
Honest is important   shame on you citizen bank
Update...yep, other places make similar mistakes.
They are getting better in general and their online system seems to have improved on availability.
Sticking with them since they seem pretty good for the average net-worth person.
This is the worst bank i have ever been in.
My company banks here so i have no choice.
I would never put my personal accounts here.
Three other people came in after me and were taken before me.
I walked out without having my deposit made.
I will do all i can to get my company to switch to another bank.
This branch does not understand customer service at all.
She was amazing in every aspect.
She was so patient and so helpful.
She made me feel like i was dealing with a friend that i knew for a long time.
There are a few things that i dislike more than going to the bank.
It's not that they're not friendly.
It's that they're overly friendly.
When you first walk into the bank, you're accosted with people shouting, "welcome to wells fargo!!!!!"
It's as if they're at a surprise party, but instead of yelling, " surprise!!!!!"
They yell, "welcome to wells fargo!!!!"
I just want to freaking make a deposit and go home.
I don't want to stand here and talk to you.
Maybe other people appreciate it.
I think it's highly annoying.
Maybe they're trying to make up for the really bad customer service i've received in the past...i don't know.
All i know is, i really, really hate going to the bank and i can't wait for automated everything.
My wife and i were first time home buyers and sergio made the process easy and practically effortless.
Thank you again sergio- i will recommend you to anyone looking to purchase a home!
I've been a member 12 years and they always provide great service with low loan rates.
How in the world does your 24-hour atm have a "service temporarily unavailable" sign for cash deposits?!?!?
This has been this way for almost 2 weeks now.
I've called customer service and all they can tell me is that it's in the process of being fixed.
Not that i can't drive an extra 10 minutes to another atm to deposit the cash but come on.
Linda is awesome always helpful.
Always professional and gives the best advice on what the best course of action is.
(some people only text or email)
In my time, i've learned that to be true.
Recently, after some difficulties, azfcu reached out to me to help.
That means the world to me.
Wish interest paid was better, but over all a great bank and on line service.
I was told always good to have only one more payment left on my mortgage.
Last week i get a statement from b of a saying i still owe money's for the past payments.
So i went in on friday with the letter and my payment receipts and no one could figure it out.
I was told they would call me with details.
So today i went in and waited a while.
Found out megan is not there.
Could not leave a message i complained about no one being able to respond to my phone calls.
I cannot believe the complete lack of customer service.
I would never recommend this to anyone.
I consider them an absolute disgrace and i have been nothing but disappointed!!!!
I think this bank is great for the most part.
I pay many of my bills, send and receive e-transfers, and earn interest on my money.
It is so easy and there seem to be cibc   atms and loblaws stores everywhere i turn.
And were very courteous.
I accepted the new card, spent 350.00 on groceries and cancelled the card.
Shout out to tom walker in investments and the personal bankers.
They are great with customers and advice.
I wouldn't buy a vehicle any other way.
We are 8 time repeat customers at centennial, and twice purchased with cameron walter.
I tell everyone i know they're wasting their time and money if they're not buying a vehicle this way.
Cameron is so awesome he even delivered our most recent purchase to our home.
This place has gone downhill over the past year or two.
There are always employees walking around when there's a line of people waiting.
I use the atm to avoid them at all costs.
I just want to get in and out.
Worst bank i ever been to.
Went to just get a withdrawal and she preauthorized my transaction before checking the date on my id.
And my money is no longer available because she preauthorized my transaction.
And it was all the money in my account to pay for rent.
Her manager gets involved and says if we cancel the transaction it can take weeks.
Then tells me how do i know you are you.
Even though i'm the same person on the id????
Never will i bank with bank of america or this branch.
Steer clear on a friday they have 2 tellers open and 50 people in line and they move really slow.
I'm surprise they are still open for business
Clark has been my state farm agent for over 25 years, and he is the best.
His office staff is terrific also.
But it is well worth it when you have a claim or need assistance.
When you have start farm, you have a relationship with your agent and they are there for you anytime, 24/7.
100% five star rating for clark and his crew!
Park behind and in front of starbucks for a sure parking spot then head over to crackbucks for crack.
This is my local branch and i have had nothing but good service whenever needed.
Parking is great and it is just a couple doors from starbucks which is my favorite morning destination.
Brian moynihan is unresponsive to my needs as a client.
Bofa owes two estates benefits (i am the administrator).
I've written two complaint letters and he is not resolving the matters for me.
The bank owes two estates over $6,000.00 and they will not process the claims.
Nor will they give me an updated status.
Awesome and clean new location for one nevada.
The bank peoplw here have a strong sense of hospitality which is friggin awesome!!
I recommend blanca ramirez as she helped me with a car loan.
Best bank ever & vanessa is awesome super nice !
Ask for her when you go in she'll give you great service !
Check out my review on fuddrucker's for that story and it isnt the first time.
No customer advocacy whatsoever!
They will screw you and be smug about it the entire time.
In 2014, i applied for a home equity line of credit through a different person at this same branch.
She assured me of a two-week turnaround, but it took five weeks for approval.
As part of that transaction, wells offered me a free checking account to use for automatic loan payments.
Thanks for the that- resorts a little hope in big banks!
It was a thursday afternoon around 3pm when i visited this branch.
The other reviews for this location are accurate.
When i walked in there was a line of customers with only one teller working.
There were other employees in the branch.
Two were sitting at desks out near the lobby area.
Another employee was sitting at a desk behind the teller area.
One teller was definitely not sufficient.
This branch needs to revisit their staffing targets.
Customer service should be a priority.
Go in to cash a bofa issued check they tell me 35-45 minutes for an account manager.
How do they have only one person that can assist someone ?
They wonder why no one bank's with a them.
Getting a new account here was quick and easy.
The staff are few in this tiny credit union, but they all welcome you when you walk inside.
The older lady who helped us was very friendly and attentive.
I had a personalized card printed and an online banking account set up during my visit.
Overall it was a pleasant experience.
My only issue is the apparent lag in updating your account balance in real time.
I had overdraft due to an incorrect balance.
I recently opened up a couple of accounts for my business at this branch with chris morris, the branch manager.
Chris made everything extremely easy for me.
I am looking forward to a strong relationship with comerica in the years to come!
This is the most customer unfriendly financial institution in the world.
The car dealership financed my car through oneaz.
When it came time to make my first payment.
I went to their website to make the payment.
They don't offer a way to make a payment on their website.
What kind of financial institution does take online payments?
A really retarded one.
Guess what they don't accept visa cards.
Do you know any other business that doesn't accept visa cards.
So then i went to my banks website to have my bank process a payment using their bill pay process.
No the first payment was 5 days late and i got charged a late fee.
I went into the local branch to ask for the late fee to be removed.
Manger was not in and it couldn't be done.
I got no answer.
It seems he doesn't speak to customers.
A very arrogant man.
I'm too lowly to get communication from him.
This place really sucks.
All i can says is what morons!!
So we ended up on the sahara branch with manny saenz.
This guy is most obviously not on commission.
A relative applied for a heloc.
This guy is clueless.
His attitude shows no sense of urgency or (or even "i give a crap."
Ever complain to the guy behind the counter at the dmv?
That's what you can expect from this guy.)
Stay away...go to a real bank!
This company is loaded with aloof employees who will not get the job done.
Odd location, anytime i'm in a circular building i feel weird.
I really don't understand why banks feel like you've walked into a monastery.
I made a quick run at this so i didn't have to endure any more awkwardness of the whole situation.
I'll stick to my drive thru/stand alone atms from now on.
The drive thru at this location is the worst.
Every single time it's a wait.
Wether it's 5 cars deep or you're the only one in line.
You constantly wait for a teller to see you sitting at the drive thru window.
I go through the business line and wait just as long as the regular line.
1 car in front of me.
All the bad reviews are true.
Crappy hours, long hold time when calling for help.they canceled my cc due to inactivity!
The list goes on and on.
You get what you pay for....in their case nothing.
First let me start by saying i'd never bank with pc again.
I'd rather pay monthly service fees with a bank i will get the right customer service from and efficient processes.
Oh wait, they qualify first over the phone even though disclaimers may be on their sites.
What ticks me off the most with this entire situation is the too-bad-so-sad outlook of all of their front-line reps.
The headache of a resolution is not worth the no-fees banking they offer.
I switched over because everyone raves about their "no frills" banking and etc.
I should have really done my homework before going with this 'mickey-mouse' bank.
Stick with the big 5....or maybe with cibc's ownership things will finally turn around.
Though cibc is the only bank i've never had any dealings with so...
If i could give a 0 star, they'd own it..
I have nothing.. not one positive to say about this bank.
I deposited a trust fund check.. from vanguard!!
They wouldn't let me have it for 10-14 days..
Despite that vanguard had cleared the check with them..
I'm guaranteeing bofa made interest off of my $7k!
Don't get me started on what they have done to our housing market.. ahh..
Thank god i can bank with usaa..
Waited in line for almost 30 minutes with only 5 people ahead of me.
The poor teller was alone and couldn't get anyone to help her.
This is in a part of town filled with busy professionals... hopefully won't have to return here again.
This is my go-to chase.
It's near home and in a shopping center i frequent.
I always use the atm for all my banking needs.
When i have been inside to speak with a personal banker, i have never seen lines though!
The atm takes checks as well cash for deposit with no use of a deposit slip.
Parking can be tight at certain times, but it is a busy shopping center.
After hours you will need your chase card to enter and make any type of transaction at the atm.
All i wanted her to do was increase my limit so i can get my money out.
She was all in my personal business.
I felt very discriminated by her actions!
She held me up for 30 minutes doing her own investigation on my money!
I told her i will close my account when i get ready to.
Who encourages a person to close their account?
Rebecca do that's who!
She isn't fit to be representing my one nevada on craig.
Send her as far away as you can.
I wish i would've asked to speak with her manager.
She held me up so long, i was just trying to get out of there.
So there's no excuse for her poor behavior.
So sad a zero isn't allowed.
The wait time is awful, the service is poor and they could care less.
I have been a member for over 20 years and in general they have provided very good service.
The location at scottsdale road and frank lloyd wright is very very good
Got my new card in the mail already, definitely very happy so far!!
Thank you us bank for being better than the other big names!!
Never bank with one nevada.
They have terrible customer service and will not assist in any way at all.
They have no human compassion or understanding at all.
I assume my previous review was not posted because i used specifics & names.
Absolutely horrible branch staff & management.
The people at the gilbert branch seem pretty nice tho.
This branch has the greatest customer service.
From my personal accounts to my business accounts the staff here goes out of their way to be helpful.
He made some great suggestions and even shared his vacation photos with me.
Super nice professional employees.
I highly recommend this branch for great personal service.
I'm a true skeptic but am now sold.
He's talks to you at your level and answers freely any questions you may have.
I love my new jeep!!
The staff this location is so friendly and professional.
I would like to commend jamie ward for caring and loving personality.
She is definitely about the customers.
Thanks for your help.
Changed my insurance over to state farm.
Eric james was so helpful and prices were awesome!
This bank has the worst service.
The manager cindy reay is horrible and should be replaced with more competent management.
I'm sure she's poison within the branch where numbers and goals are probably down and not being met or surpassed.
This ghetto bank is sad, stinks and dirty.
I won't be back.
Watch out for homeless people at this branch!
I really like us bank - excellent service - and i wanted to open an account here.
She and her friends are literally living there.
I wish they'd clear them out!
I have dealt with competent credit unions since their inception in the 80's.
All but one branch does not have tellers: you are forced to do all your transactions with an atm.
We save our coinage, and roll it to deposit into our savings account.
How can you "phase out" our national currency?
They want me to pay another company to take my coins???
You get no customer service from this credit union.
Financial institutions that tell you how you can handle your own money need a wake-up call.
In time of crisis, you will not be able to get to your money!
Bank of the west falsely advertises their services and has horrible customer service.
Customer service is horrible and rude.
Closing m y account with scam of the west and going elsewhere to bank.
Suzie drinkwine is the best .
She works hard to close any car loan and goes above and beyond .
Ask for suzie drinkwine for any of ur needs .
While amtrust (ohio savings) certainly tries they are nowhere near capable of handling their own business.
Their website is poorly supported and buggy.
Do yourself a favor and go to a larger bank with a better service record.
I go through the drive through quite often since they don't have a drive up atm.
The staff is always so polite and nice.
Super courteous and friendly.
Always asking how i'm doing and smiling.
Very good customer service here and very fast at completing the transactions.
I have been a us bank customer for 8 years.
In that time i have loved us bank and have experienced zero problems with them.
However, i do have a serious issue with this particular branch.
I suggest avoiding this particular branch.
The one on green valley parkway is much more helpful and friendly.
Came to this location after realizing that another nearby branch was closed for remodeling.
We arrived on a sunday, moments after they opened.
Two ladies, including the manager, were working and doing a great job at keeping the line moving.
She quickly got us signed up, and even mentioned some great benefits to having an account with us bank.
She walked us through everything that we needed to know.
Very happy with us bank, particularly this branch.
She helped make the process smooth and easy.
My boyfriend and i opened a one checking rewards account tonight with suzie drinkwine.
What i liked most about suzie was her personality.
She was welcoming and very friendly.
There are no hidden fees like other banks have.
I'm glad and proud to finally be a member of a trustworthy credit union.
Always a line, crowded, dirty, noisy.
Maybe i'm spoiled from being a credit union member.
Dislike this place as a whole.
However, twice i have helped by incredible people here.
Even that was knocked down a star because their follow up was annoying and unnecessary.
Curt is very reliable.
He's answered calls for emergencies very promptly and professional.
The office staff is very honest and clear with suggestions.
I recommend this agency.
This location is across from the unlv in the same parking lot as einstein bros. bagel and the post office.
Friendly and helpful staff  cons:  1.
Super busy all the time!
Parking at this location is almost none.
I've always been greeted by someone very friendly and usually helped within minutes.
I'm usually in and out within 5-10 minutes.
But be ready to wait some if you come during rush hours.
Overall, a great location!
Never ever using this particular branch again.
Once nearly 30 minutes passed i was done.
And by done i mean i just walked out without even completing my deposit.
Must be nice to have a job where you can just ignore customers.
I wish zero stars here was possible.
I am closing my account and moving to another institution.
I wish all banks and credit unions across the country were warm and friendly as the staff at nellis afb!!!
The service was absolutely impeccable!!
A special thank you to deb flores who provided me the utmost customer service!!!
Her professionalism, patience & compassion made my visit a memorable one.
Oh and i can't forget the amazing supporting cast!!
She was assisted by latoya, maryn and linda who was actually celebrating her 17 year anniversary with one nevada!
Again great service and i look forward to doing all my banking with onenevada @ nellis!
I've been w/ pcf for a long time.
I do recommend them, personally.
I do basic banking, i find them to be professional and efficient.
They certainly promote a no-fee banking system, and competitive interest rates.
I've had a mortgage w/ them, but would still recommend comparing rates before committing to them.
Pcf is versatile, they offer: savings accounts, chequing accounts, interest-free accounts, gic accounts, mortgages, gics and i'm sure more.
I just glanced at a few other yelpers comments.
I've no doubt that their experiences w/ pcf differ with mine.
:(  i guess to you, the reader, take each review w/ a grain of salt including mine.
Also, i do my banking mostly online and the site seems secure.
Great area, but the access in and out of the parking lot sucks.
Centennial leasing & sales was the best buying experience that i could have asked for.
I went to carmax, private party (craigslist), and a local dealership.
At every other location you are hit up from the moment you walk onto the lot.
And left me alone.
On the other hand, i never felt as though i was abandoned.
2: quality of vehicles & transparency: every vehicle on this lot gets thoroughly checked and repaired from top to bottom.
Then hesitantly went to check to see if it was even available.
This is one area where centennial really outshines everyone else.
Additionally my car is in perfect shape, and runs exactly as promised.
4: what about haggling & price?
This is the one area where you have to know what you're getting yourself into with a lot like this.
Similar to carmax, there is no haggling.
You look at a car and if the price isn't right for you, you move on to a different car.
Personally, i loved this about centennial.
There are no games.
None of the standard car lot being unwilling to give you a price, and making you fight for hours.
No "let me talk to my manager," none of that.
It's a great car buying experience, not an adversarial battle.
But it does mean that you're not going to talk them down an extra $1,000.
5: vehicle selection: it is a smaller lot, probably under 100 vehicles when i was there.
There is no reason to waste your time fighting anywhere else.
Disclaimer: i wasn't paid for this review, nor did i receive any benefit.
This is an awesome pawn shop, a hidden gem.
I stopped by to browse some items and was pleasantly surprised to find a ton of great stuff for sale.
You can't get into the lot from anywhere else.
Once you get inside, the place is full of quality items.
I saw a nice congo drum set, golf clubs, jewelry, and native american jewelry.
The prices are very reasonable too.
I couldn't help it.
Return factor - 95%
With all of the helpful, detailed reviews here i will keep mine short and sweet.
I'm super happy with pcf.
I have both bank accounts and a credit card with them and have had zero complaints.
He wasn't even trying to hear me out !
Every time i come here i want to punch myself in the face.
Always long waits and unbelievable incompetence.
If you need anything than straight deposit/withdrawal they will not be able to do it.
I needed a simple payoff info/close the account.
I clearly stated what i came for and showed all the paperwork to the branch manager when i walked in.
Then i waited for 20 or so minutes, two people waiting ahead of me left, i felt so fortunate...
But i can still pay interest on the weekend?
I am glad i can bring this groundbreaking info to your attention.
#neverstopteaching if i went to a vitamin shoppe next door, i would have gotten better results with my bofa credit.
It's awesome how i am allowed to pay monthly fee(s) to let them invest and profit from my money.
However, you still get new offers, because they know your mailbox will go through terrible withdrawals if they stop.
I guess you could use the letter shreddings to fill in your pillows.
Zero stars, not even star dust.
I said good day!
This was by far the best car buying experience we've ever had in all our years of buying cars.
We were made aware of centennial by a friend who also introduced us to az federal credit union.
Cameron walter was our contact and we were very happy to do business with him.
We had some specific requirements and after some quick research he was able to locate some options for us.
Within 3 days we had made our choice and picked up our new vehicle.
The whole process was easy to walk through, all questions were answered, no high pressure sales tactics were employed.
All in all, very professional service and this was a great experience.
We will be recommending cameron and centennial to all our friends.
Never opens on time, usually only one teller, horrible hours of operation, but clean and nice looking
You can't call it service when there are only two tellers and a line of people.
The makes for a very poor operation that is sorely lacking in efficiency or any semblance of personalized service.
Wf is our bank of choice!
Great customer service, excellent hour, 24 hour phone line for help!
We love wf and all that they offer from personal to business services!
The staff at the maryland parkway branch are always helpful and courteous!
The line moves fast even on a friday!
They are always fully staffed and ready to go!
This bank is terrible and the manager thinks she is all that and a bag of chips.
Service is slow the employees act like they are better than you and the policies of the bank are archaic.
Misinformation from even the supposed "senior relationship manager" that led to greater than $1000 in charges that were never disclosed.
Stay far, far away.
Love these girls, jennifer is awesome!
Everyone is super friendly & helpful!
I have never had a problem with anything and i wouldn't bank anywhere else!
Even after i was going to pay the $10 extortionate fee for a negotiable item.
Ran in to ask a question about my atm transaction.
They were polite and it's nice inside.
I appreciate them looking out!
The outside is usually dirty, a lot of homeless, and keep your eyes peeled while getting cash.
Not the banks fault, just reality.
Then again, as harry says , reality is only just word!
The personal banker axiel is the best!
He always knows how to handle my banking needs.
The tellers are extremely friendly, efficient and quick.
I'm just now leaving this bank and i was having a great morning until i would into this place.
After that then i got treated like i customer instead of a criminal .
I felt embarrassed i've never felt so uncomfortable at a bank .
Especially the fact that boa check still get charged $8 cashing fee!
New name and they're still doing fine.
Maybe not perfect, but they're local, not a big institution.
Happy with oneaz and their services....again, they do very well for the average net-worth person.
Staff at the main office even took time to help increase our credit scores.
Lied to me about rates.
I called before selling a car and state farm assured me my home rate wouldn't be affected.
Received a call a few weeks layer saying my rates would go up.
Even after calling the customer service line, their response was basically "oops sorry nothing we can do."
Nice and informative staff.
I was standing in line.
There were only three of us at 1pm on a friday afternoon, which was a blessing.
There were four personal bankers [sic]...two with customers...two doing nothing (surfing the internet.)
There was one teller working and another [apparently] getting ready to open her window.
(figure that once she opened though the working teller would likely close up so she could take a break.
But this is supposition on my part.
I was watching her and she said, "do you have a question?"
And i said, "yes...how about another teller?
At the same time veronica the one working teller, from behind her window said "i'll be right with you."
(i guess they think that plexi-glass muffles sound.
I said, "are you the manager?
Maybe during busy times you should schedule more tellers.
If i don't say something it'll never change."
Veronica said she was a supervisor and that their staffing would never change.
I asked for the name of the branch manager and was told ryan.
(i don't know where he was.)
Moral: you need to be more customer service oriented.
I'm used to 12-15 people in line and a 60 minute wait.
Not about customers and not about service.
As long as there's a problem, i'll be vocal about it...esp.
Since it's not difficult to fix.
I have always had good experiences with all td branches.. until this one.
My 1st experience, 2004, was awesome!
I bought another car about 4 years ago, lemon, lemon!!
I returned it the same day and was told there is not a lemon law.
Ahhh, yes there is!!
They did take the car back.
I tried again yesterday to buy a car through centennial, the azfcu auto member service center.
They can't get the dollar signs out of their eyes long enough to be of service to this member.
It's like dealing with the dealership.
I dealt with the dealership and got a great deal.
I think i'm done with centennial.
So happy to join one nevada cu.
Becca was awesome & made me feel like "ohana".
The she told me about getting money back for using my card...
We went to centennial at the recommendation of our credit union and we were super impressed!
This was one of the easiest car buying experiences we've ever had.
It was so nice to be able to look at the vehicles without being pressured to buy.
Got my car loan from this branch!
Everyone there is so helpful and they have my business for a long time.
Matt is the one that helped me and so far i've gotten 2 car loans thru him.
If you're trying to finance anything, go to matt.
As always big line 2 tellers wait long...
This is a friday afternoon !!!
Saturday 3/26/16 the credit union called me when i was at work.
I returned their call it was the fraud dept.
Someone in france had a clone debit card and my pin number and cleaned out my checking and savings account.
Now the funny thing about this, the fraudsters had been using this cloned debit card since 3/21/16.
They were getting 500.00 twice a day from and atm.
When i use my debit card i can only get 500.00 a day.
I have to pay a 50.00 deductible.
Which pisses me off.
I've been with arizona state credit union for 31 years.
Once i get my money back i will be moving on.
I never received any kind of alert from them until the call on saturday 3/26/16.
The letter makes it sound like i'm the criminal.
I used to bank at pnc for my small business.
That was until they started charging me monthly service fees.
That is why i switched to first commonweath.
I stayed because i didn't want to change bank again.
I'm glad i stayed.
They worked out some of the bugs with the mobile app and i trust it.
The only problem is that they do not offer unsecured lines of credit with ease as pnc does.
So shop around before you pull the trigger on a loc or loan.
I called about an item, and they had it out and ready for me when i arrived.
I bought a great very lightly used motorcycle helmet for a fraction of the price new.
I want to start and say, if i could give 0 stars i would.
This is by far the worst bank branch i have ever been too.
We are unfortunately very close to this location so i've had to frequent this branch.
They have the worst customer service i've ever witnessed from any bank branch, period.
Every teller i've encountered are so reluctant to do anything above the bare minimum to provide assistance.
This is not something you'll find here.
From the tellers, to bank managers , they have always disappointed me.
I dread going to his bank.
Normally, as many moms i go in with no make up, kids in tow, and hair in a messy ponytail.
This has been when i have received the brunt of the worst service.
This branch is the reason we are closing our bank of america accounts after 10 years of banking with them.
Also, i usually only come to review sites i write great reviews because i dislike being negative.
However , this place is one of the worst i've been to.
I really want to be able to recommend stearns lending, but alas i cannot.
We initiated an application for pre qualification on a nonconforming loan around march 1.
Every deadline has passed.
Will edit this review if we ever get a response.
With that lender's prequal letter, we went shopping for houses and found one we liked within a few weeks.
While we were looking, i stopped calling amy every week for updates.
We had sort of given up on stearns by then.
Just so we might have options, we resubmitted updated information and let the process with stearns continue.
She emailed back with another positive response "i might be receiving a loan approval for you!"
And requested the purchase price and adress on the property.
What did come was a private email on may 15 titled "yelp review".
Apparently another potential customer made her aware of my review and had chosen to take their business elsewhere.
She was unhappy and although none of the review was factually inaccurate, she wished i hadn't posted it.
"shania n." has only posted one review and i suspect that she was created to boost their star rating.
Two days later, we received a final email declining us on the loan.
That decision came 10 weeks after we initiated an application for a mortgage loan through stearns.
We close on the house today through another lender.
She vehemently maintains that our case is not representative of her usual performance.
This is probably true for good candidates without a foreclosure/bankruptcy/short sale or similar mark on their credit report.
Cons:  it's never a good thing to overpromise and underdeliver.
I just think 10 weeks is too long to get a denial.
As soon as you walk into this beautiful bank branch you are immediately greeted with warm smiles and happy hello's.
There is rarely ever a line and the tellers are extremely friendly and courteous.
One of the friendliest tellers is paul.
They know you by name and are responsive.
I've had a relationship with them for a couple years now for my small business.
Paul from the mesa branch bends over backwards for you.
However, when i did advise them of the issue, they took care of it immediately.
No drive thru and atm only dispenses $600.
Forcing customers to stand in long lines inside
Maybe it was just a bad day, but it was absolutely horrible...
The lady who was helping me to open an account was not friendly at all.
No smile or anything!
She acted like if she wanted to go home, so i left and went to bank of america.
They made my day!!
My girlfriend bought a car here.
She was treated fairly, low pressure sales.
It's not the people, but how the bank itself runs that pisses me off.
The fees, the red tape, the general bs i seem to have problems with these buttheads.
I own my business, the check is from them bofa, it's made out to me.
F***ers give me my money, it's mine not yours.
In an effort to protect sensitive information, this review will be concise.
I researched banks thoroughly before choosing this one, and i'm glad i did.
The staff is friendly, courteous and of the utmost help with all questions and concerns.
I wasn't being sold to.
I also enjoy that this bank is local, as i try to avoid nationwide banks when possible.
If you support local banking, want comfortable service an security, then first commonwealth is ideal!
I kept the account open after the loan was paid figuring i might need to cash a check.
Believe me they do not have your back.
Talk about good timing!
This location is the new sprawling design of the secu.
It's got a huge parking lot and a drive up atm against the building at the other drive up lanes.
Good to know this location exists.
The back entance is on old ardrey kell rd which goes to marvin rd which may be easier.
I love writing reviews, but man this one is tough.....
Flash back to winter 2015 (i think).
I was looking for a vehicle for the husband.
I had in mind what we were looking for, a genesis.
The husband had used the az fed car buying service for his 04 grand am.
Said he wanted to use them again, so i agreed.
And in enters tod hale into our lives.
I gave tod the criteria we were looking at and he went to work.
I wasn't in any real hurry to buy another car since we had working family vehicles.
That all changed though a few months later.
April 2016 and a distracted driver = my suv totaled.
Once i had the property settlement completed, i called up tod and he went straight to work with new criteria.
End goal being a replacement suv, used, and ticked off all my accessory boxes.
You can say i was looking for a used unicorn.
He called us up and we head down to go look at a vehicle he found.
Neither the husband or i really liked it, but walking the showroom i spotted the optima.
A vehicle that didn't fit out criteria, but looked super nice!
Tod gave us the rundown on kia vehicles and we were sold.
24hrs later, we had our new family car (may 2016).
Most salespeople would have said, you're a p.i.t.a client..bye.
Lol  but the man has the patience of a saint.
In fact talked me out of a lot of vehicles.
His motto, if you're not in love with it...don't buy it.
He wants you to be completely happy with your purchase.
About a month ago, tod sends me info on a truck.
It was beautiful, except it wasnt the color i wanted.
Usually i just tell tod i'm not interested and we move on.
But for some reason, i kept an eye on this truck on the website.
That entire time, the truck didnt sell for one reason or another.
Maybe because it was waiting for it's forever home with me.
:d i finally pulled the trigger this week and got it.
And i'm in love with it!
Lol  first world problems.
Thank you for everything, tod!
I was so excited to find this location a few months ago.
But they are super slow here.
Hands down the slowest secu i've ever been to.
But it's between my gas stop in sc and my job so i keep coming.
The only plus side to this place is its location.
Do not, i say again, do not disagree with anything that employees of jones st nsb say.
They will turn it around and show you that it is really your fault.
I then asked her to get a manager so i could make a complaint?
Or so i thought?
It is all my fault!
This review will is based on the fabulous customer service i received from jc.
Jc helped me out of a tangled up mess my employers incompetent payroll company created.
Jc did everything he could and was successful on making sure everything was resolved.
4 stars for jc and his fabulous customer service!
Thank you one nevada-it's people like derek taylor that make you stand out from the rest!
Then another woman helping me just looked really upset and unpleasant the whole time..
I felt like i was picking up my welfare money.
Would never go back to this branch even when i'm in a hurry
Even if you're looking for this location, you're likely to drive past it several times before you really see it.
There's only one sign, and the building seems to just blend in to the surroundings.
It's a nondescript gray and looks like it may be vacant when there aren't any cars in front of it.
Don't pull in to the first spaces you see, because the actual entrance is around the side of the building.
Exterior atm is conveniently located.
Drive thru has several lanes and 2 or 3 atms as well.
Staff inside are a little slow.
Clientele here are a little ridiculous.
Witnessed today two customers who didn't speak english walking up to tellers who didn't speak spanish.
Frustration ensued as the manager eventually came out to help them, and did speak spanish.
These have been trying to find their way for many years - and consistently getting it wrong.
For complicated reasons we have been  "captive" [for now].
No matter how large is your account, they do not do customer service.
They just "upgraded" their system.
Right now i am denied access to my account because the system is asking for a code i never had.
I do business at this location regularly.
Most of the time, things go very smoothly.
I'm always greeted with a friendly staffer as i enter the building.
Deposit and withdrawal slips and extra pens are plentiful.
The cue for awaiting service with the available tellers is often very long.
This location is quick to answer with help if you come in seeking help with the software.
As for the other components of the branch, the drive through wait times tend to be short.
The walk-up atm devices are typically in good working order, and i have seldom seen them out of order.
Pros: larger than typical location, with a lot of people on staff.
Plenty of parking and short drive through times.
Cons: inside cue is usually long and slow moving.
Mr. hughes gave top box service.
I mistakenly discarded my spending debit card, with no hesitation he provided me with a brand new card.
I was in and out in less than 15 minutes!
I started banking here several years ago.
I switched banks after usbank wanted to charge me a monthly fee because i didn't want to do direct deposit.
This is a credit union so it doesn't have the many account requirements other banks do.
That means no monthly fee for me.
The employees have always been knowledgeable, courteous and friendly.
I also have never had errors or any problems with my accounts.
Every time i walk in this bank i feel like i visit my friends or joining a warm party.
The tellers here rock!
Fast, professional and very friendly!
Edel and n'gui are always very nice to their customers!
And, seriously, n'gui is a star of wells fargo, the best attitude!
:-)    keep up the great work, credit union 1!
If you need help, or in a rush, find yourself another bmo branch.
This is the worst branch with no ownership, and the most unhelpful branch manager.
She does not assist her employees or clients.
I feel sorry everyone that works under her.
They will not accept my deposit because i am not a signer on the account.
Really worried about money laundering at $300 at a time?
This is the worst customer service and left their client in a lurch
Hands down the best pnc branch in all of pittsburgh!
Amazing employees, phenomenal management, superb customer service and easily accessible location!
You just cannot beat this branch !
I had the greatest experience financing our home purchase with ryan lopez.
Ryan exceeded our expectations and was patient, thorough and was always quick to respond any time of day.
I would happily refer anyone to ryan and his team.
& not even so much as an apology outta anyone!
I bought a mattress for $2000 & you block my card?!
Then they blocked it again 1 week later for the same reason.
You can only take $500 max per day & they mean it!
I tried taking more & they blocked my account again!
I'm so over this place - i'm closing my acct today
He has worked with many of my clients post bankruptcy in helping them purchasing or refinancing their homes.
He is an expert in his field and is honest and up front!
The nice lady, amber, was so awesome.
She greeted me and helped me open a checking account.
I never had this experience at my previous bank.
I got checks printed, new card, and  her service was awesome.
I'm glad that i switched to mountain america.
Worst case of closing in 5 min til so we wont help you i have ever seen in my life.
Never again will i ask to speak with an actual person at this branch again.
Thank god for teller assist.
This branch is tucked in the southeast corner of the shopping plaza.
It's a tiny little office but it gets the job done.
There is an atm outside for 24/7 access.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
I like how many of the tellers invited the customers to sit down to complete their transactions.
I came to open an account with bank of america and even got my car refinance.
Nancy carrera-pedraza is amazing and helped me so much.
Make sure you come and see her :)
Eric and his team rock!
Eric carefully made sure i could get all the discounts possible for my home and car.
I was never presented with an up-sell and everyone knew what they were doing.
Two thumbs way up for this business.
The employees at this location go out of their way to give you the best service possible.
But once i started working in uptown charlotte and discovered this branch, i knew i'd be a member for life.
They're great to work with.
I have been a customer since 2012.
Over the last year i'm suddenly getting charged $25 a month for a basic checking account.
I'm writing this review right now to kill the time.
The only reason why i'm waiting is because i want my account closed this bad.
I love the uwcu but this branch sucks.
There are better branches, avoid this one
Thank god i am not a customer here.
Unfortunately, i have to deposit my home rent check here for the owner.
What an absolute joke!
Easily a 20-30 minute wait if not more.
It's obvious that boa certainly does not care about their clients or their clients value in terms of time.
Conversely, at my bank (another major bank) if i have a wait, its maybe 1 or 2 people.
Hire more tellers boa!
Try to care about your clients!
This is that gigantic yet old bank of america on decatur and charleston.
There is a 99-cent store and a blueberry hill in the same shopping center.
This place also happens to win the award for worst bank of america in the world!
All the workers here are angry and hate the actual concept of work.
This attitude is typical of people who live here in las vegas.
The midget they hired as the receptionist does nothing but condescends anyone who asks questions.
He is really defensive and passive-aggressive and does nothing but argue and snap on customers.
An example= some old man came up to him and asked him a simple question.
He in returns just screams: "how is that my job?
Stand in line and wait for a teller!
That's why we have lines to stand in!
Did you think all these people were standing in line for nothing!".
The banker i saw didn't do sh!t.
The moment i sat down at her cubicle, it was obvious that she just didn't want to do any work.
She was very unhelpful, lethargic, and lazy.
The only skill she had was her incredible ability to avoid any type of activity that would be considered work.
She then hangs up and tells me: "sorry the helpdesk seems to be offline.
There is nothing i can do.
I then asked her to order me some new checks and she is like: "uuuuggghhhh....i'll do it later".
She also promised to call me and confirm she did it.
Guess what, she never called.
She didn't do sh!t!
I also wanted to update my address and she didn't even do that.
Bank of america should fire these people.
These people don't deserve a job that pays over min-wage.
These guys ain't even qualified to pick up dogsh!t on soccer fields.
I wouldn't even let these guys be around money in the first place.
Roger white and his team made refinancing my house a piece of cake.
He does everything to make the process as easy and fast as possible.
If you want the lowest rate and great customer service, roger white at one nevada credit union is your guy.
I will definately be working with him in the future for all of my mortgage needs!
" if i could give no star, i would".
First, let me start by saying i left this bank on december 11, 2004, and i should've stayed gone!
The lack of customer service is abhorrent.
And it has only gotten worse.
So, let's start to why i came back.
It is important that if you have to say "no", you provide context around it.
This builds trust and loyalty.
You would think this concept was widely adopted by this bank; but alas it is not.
Back to my initial "experience".
After reviewing multiple credit union; i remembered that i once banked with one nevada (formerly nevada federal).
My mom also banks with them (has for over 40 yrs at this point), so i figured why not?
I couldn't remember at the time why i left, so i chalked it up to me being young and dumb.
The application process online?
Very simple and easy.
It tells me to go to the nearest branch to complete the process.
Excited by the convenience, i make sure i schedule time out of my work schedule to get this done.
I arrive at the bank around 2:10 p.m..
I sign in, and wait.
There are 3 branch representatives; and only 2 are with customers.
Of the 2, one is clearly new because she was up every 5 minutes asking questions to the other rep.
Oh, she was chatting on the phone the entire time.
So, 45 minutes into my wait; i start to look around.
People have come and gone; but not because they were being assisted.
They left out of frustration.
A father and son walk into the branch and sign in.
Everyone waiting looks at her in desperation and her response was " they have an appointment".
I sit there and accept it.
If i had taken the time to make an appointment, i would want the same treatment.
So, again i wait.
So, the first rep finishes with the father/son; and calls another client by name.
Turns out he has an appointment too.
Ok, now i'm a little concerned.
I'm hopeful she will be the one to call me.
They need to wait their turn"?
Not a problem at all.
I get up and knock on the door of the retirement rep's office.
When he asks how he can assist me, i calmly ask for the branch manager.
He looks out of his office and guess who he points to?
Chatty on the phone.
Well, that wasn't going to do me any good.
I advised them they had "quotas" for new accounts and that his branch had just lost one.
He shook his head and apologized, and i walked out.
Almost 1 1/2 hrs wasted with nothing to show for it.
While driving back to work; i call the call center.
I explained to the rep what had occurred; and she recommended i provide feedback online.
She encouraged me to go to another branch and finish my requested transactions.
I walk in, and the atmosphere is much better.
I am warmly greeted and quickly assisted.
I initially spoke with a gentleman who transferred me to margaret, because she needed the new account credit.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Margaret was extremely personable, and very accommodating.
I explain to her my value of customer service, and she concurs.
She made witty jokes to ensure i was engaged the entire time.
I cannot stress the level of professionalism she displayed that day.
She single-handedly had restored my faith in one nevada.
She's processing the transaction; and notices an issue.
She asked if i had a previous account to which i replied "yes".
She goes on to notify me that the account had a $2xx.xx balance.
I questioned this information as it was never reported to the credit bureaus nor was it brought to my attention.
She calls her collection department, and they converse about it.
If you're on yelp, i figure you can navigate a computer though).
2) make 12 signature-based debit transactions a month.
This means don't use your pin, and run it as a credit card.
You can buy 12 packs of gum.
Or buy 10 cents worth of gas 12 times.
You can also use it to pay online utilities.
This is not a hard requirement to fulfill, really.
3) direct depost or ach bill pay.
The other thing that makes this deal a beauty is that the 6.01% rate is guaranteed until april 2009.
12 blissful months of earning twice as much interest as my stinky online savings accounts.
So after doing my research, i headed on over to the azb&t branch down the street from me.
From the moment i stepped through the door, i received very attentive service.
I've had a bit of experience signing up for bank accounts, and the process was similar to most.
Also, my initial deposit slip was handwritten -- which seemed a bit shady.
I haven't gotten this kind of personalized service since leaving my teeny tiny hometown in hickville, az.
I sent my friend over to sign up, and he's had no issues so far.
Ask for nicci or nicole and tell them heather s. sent you!
Worst customer service i have ever experienced with us bank.
I will never go back to this location again.
They need to hire more bank tellers or hire people that actually want to help people.
This branch needs major improvement with customer service!
I'm hoping this is just an isolated incident.
Not a good experience at all.
Signed up for their emsplus reader 2 months ago.
Saving me soooo much money since there are no monthly fees and the rate is lower than square.
About to take them up on the rebate offer for the chip card and apple pay reader.
Only $49 after the rebate that requires running some amount of credit card sales.
So far so good with these guys.
I've been going to this branch for years, and they have gotten progressively worse.
What is the point of 8 teller windows and 1 teller for business accounts and 1 teller for everyone else?
Lines are long, and more than one occasion employees are just walking around instead of helping.
I also suggested that perhaps the cash amount was under 10k and could she please count this?
Why did the first teller not do this??
There were no rules that said that i had to provide proof of my marriage as part of the report.
No - this request was completely irrelevant because the cash were gifts from my guests and not traceable.
To make things worse, i called in and complained to hsbc about this incident.
A month has passed and i have heard nothing.
I closed my account yesterday and i want this branch to know that it was their doing.
Shame on this horrible teller, and worse, irresponsible management that will not acknowledge the mistakes that their staff are making.
The fees are way too high and rack up fast into ridiculous amounts.
This is their scam.
There's is a lag in real time balance updating.
This is what put me in the negative.
Instant paypal deposits take days not minutes.
Chase bank receives them in minutes.
Getting a new account here was quick and easy.
The staff are few in this tiny credit union, but they all welcome you when you walk inside.
The older lady who helped us was very friendly and attentive.
In had a personalized card printed and online banking set up while here.
It was a very pleasant
Hard working group of associates.
They work with what little they have and still manage to keep a smile on their faces.
People can be rude and they don't let that get to them.
So i gave state farm another chance but with a different agent and i am so happy!
Denise and pam are amazing!
For sure go see them ;)
I came here today to get a cashiers check.
I wasn't happy with one of their policies.
A fee they wanted to charge me for a sizable cashiers check.
They didn't want to waive the fee.
I told "diana" the teller that i would be closing my accounts and taking my business elsewhere.
Her reply was simply "ok".
What kind of customer service/retention is that??
I have banked here for nearly 30 years and always maintained a good balance.
I guess they just don't care about someone like me that they have profited on for 3 decades.
One teller and a long donkey line.
Don't come to this branch if you expect a quick in and out.
Wait time minimum 20 mins
A credit union gone bad.
Nevada federal is now one nevada credit union.
Along with the name change, the service they provide has changed.
Gone is the special service that the military needed and got with the old nevada federal.
Today, one nevada has forgotten it's commitment to the military and has started courting the casino unions.
Why are they still operating at nellis?
I have been with reuben for a number of years and he's done a commendable job with our insurance.
As such, i had to leave sf and go to another agent.
I hand hey pay check with the stub connected to it.
Dumbest business hours ever.
It's a bank in downtown phoenix open 9-4.
Most business men and government workers work a 7-4, 8-5 schedule.
So you can't stop at the bank before work and you can't go to the bank after work.
So guess when you can go to the bank, during lunch.
But guess how many people also think like this, all of downtown phoenix.
So you would think that they would be fully staffed....nope.
Walk in, a line to the door, and only one teller.
Spend a whole 25-30 minutes in line.
Either extend the hours or staff enough tellers.
Attempted to use atm and the machine just took card and froze up/cycling!
No transaction, no card returned.
This bank institution has been going down hill.
On several occasions, in the past i've tried their atms and the machine wouldn't even let you withdraw money.
So i ended up having to use another bank atm and had to pay the extra service fees.
So glad i am in the process of switching banks now.
Courtesy, promptness and accuracy were advertised but not received, there are plenty of other lenders to choose from.
This is the only east valley branch with extended hours - especially on weekends.
Other branches close at 1pm, but this branch closes at 5pm.
I've predicted every financial collapse since the 1980s.
Believe or don't - your money - your choice.
They treat my elderly dad very well.
He wisely left chase and said he's never been more satisfied with any bank.
I have been with desert schools for many years, and have never had any big issues.
Without asking if i still wanted to do it he says the total and asked how i wanted my cash.
Long story short i had to teach him to add, got my correct amount and left extremely irritated.
I have been banking with azfcu for 19 years.
This location, by far is the up most worse location i have ever been to.
On friday's....forget it, your lucky if they make eye contact.
Because a lobby that echoes is a great place to do this.
There is no "i can help you over here ma'am, how is your day going?"
Or "welcome to arizona federal, what can i do for you today?"
My last experience was depositing a check that was made out to my husband and myself.
She gave me a dirty look and went to ask her manager.
After waiting...and waiting....and waiting, she came back and said she could deposit it.
With a smerk..she grabbed a stamp, stamped the back and said "the good'ol failure to endorse stamp.
I told her i don't care what she stamps it with, just deposit it.
It's not about the check...i know there are rules, procedures, and policies.
It's is their attitude and how they treat people.
The only reason i stay at this bank is because it is on the corner by my house.
I have opened my kids accounts elsewhere and have been thinking about switching.
The bank overall isn't a bad bank, this location, however, needs to take customer service classes.
I love this branch and the crew that works there.
Ricky is a positive and very ethical guy, and you will never see him without a smile on his face!
He will give you honesty, candor and no frills assistance.
Joanna morris one million thanks for beeing so professional and courteous and helpful.
Thank you again for everything!
It was my first time applying for an auto loan and was not familiar with the process.
Thankfully, paola was able to assist me with what i needed.
After the fact, paola even followed up with a phone call with additional information regarding my application.
Thanks for going above and beyond for your customers!
If given the choice i wouldn't even give a star!
I've been with curt since 1993 and state farm since 1984.
The customer service has deteriorated in the last few years and if i move they hike my rates.
Will switch to progressive.
No longer uses sprig.
That was a great app i used to use to transfer between shared branches.
Now everytime i want to transfer, u have to call, verify, wait forever on hold, verify again, wait....
The main reason i joined was for sprig.
Dvcu is moving farther from whats good for their members to what is profitable.
I love one nevada credit union.
Suzie drinkwine is the best!!!!!!!
Thank you very much for all of you assistance every time i'm in need.
I'd give no stars if i could.
Worst banking experience ever.
This branch is so understaffed and in a super busy part of town!
Always end up waiting for the simplest things.
I got up and said i will go to another bank of america.
Use another branch, not this one!
Knowledgeable staff and great customer service.
The agent and staff takes time to learn what is important to me and my family.
Would recommend this office.
I've had too many issues and i just started banking with them.
I don't recommend for business accounts.
By far the slowest branch i've ever been too.
Super bummed that this is the closest one to work and home.
They are always understaffed and i've never waited less than 10 minutes, even if i'm just making a deposit.
Step it up, suntrust.
The staff is slow and not even friendly.
I stopped in with a question about my checking & saving on the atm debit card.
I was instantly greeted with 2 or 3 friendly smiling voices.
I ended up speaking with angela for several minutes (it was not just at all at this particular time).
And what a lovely girl!
Answered all my banking questions & welcomed me call or stop in at any time.
Do not go to this location.
I have been here before and remember thinking how unprofessional they were.
They are shaking their heads and making her feel uncomfortable bc she is asking for change.
That's kinda what you do.
As i'm trying to get a copy of my records the clerk doesn't know how to do it.
So he asks the lady hiding at her desk in the middle of the room.
It's just put together so poorly, the whole set up.
This location is just embarrassing.
Is bank should close it or start from scratch with staff.
Go in for yourself if you want to see the lack of what i though us bank stood for.
This place is why i switched all but 1 account away from boa to usaa.
I went into this branch needing $60 in quarters and got into the 8 person line.
A guy comes in behind me needing $25 in $1s.
The reception guy at the podium asked what he needed and went and got his 25 $1s.
So i asked about getting my quarters.
I was told there's only 2 people in front of you you will be fine waiting.
So in the end it took 40 minutes to get quarters.
I will have to remember to stop on my way home from work elsewhere.
Just opened my checking account with lisa and mac.
They were so nice and professional.
This credit union offers so much without the big fees.
I will use them for everything !
Thank you lisa and mac for helping me out!
Everyone should go here.
I'm a new staff person at the university of illinois and just bought a house here.
I told her the wedding was about to start; she didn't care.
I ran to kinkos, almost missed my friend's wedding and furnished the document so we could close on time.
They don't seem to care that this goes smoothly and they don't manage your stress or concerns.
I do not recommend.
Bank of america sucks out loud when it comes to customer service via their website.
There is no chat feature.
There is no messaging.
Otherwise they want you to come into a branch.
You folks have no clue what customer service is in the year 2018.
Give a damn already!
I have been a member for several years and have been very haapy with the tellers & office staff.
I've been banking here since i moved to phoenix.
Which was back in 1991.
I have a savings and checking account from the beginning.
Over the years they have been very helpful to me.
I had one of the best customer service experience ever!
She was very professional, very knowledgeable, very nice.
Mrs. drinkwine gave me alot of great  information.
I am glad to have met her.
She also recognize that it was my birthday and wish me a happy birthday.
Thank you suzie drinkwine.
Hands down the worst bank .
They never have more that one teller open which makes everything hell .
A simple deposit takes hours .
Honestly should be moving accounts to diff bank.
General manager is horrible too.
Customer service was not good due to me being indecisive, but still doesn't mean i get attitude.
Battery died they weren't helpful at all.
I took my receipt for reimbursement, they need more in depth.
Want me to drive back to pick up my reimbursement due to their fault.
Told them to pick up their vehicle.
This is banking old school style.
Everybody who works there knows my name, greets me by name, and gives me very personal service whenever i'm there.
I don't know many businesses that make house calls anymore!
And this was after he unilaterally proposed a new product to me that he thought i could benefit from.
I've also been pleased how u.s. bank has kept up with technology.
The girls inside the branch located here are super helpful.
They can always help answer any questions i have concerning my accounts
All banks are rotten, learn the system folks.
Never trust a four letter acronym "fdic," that starts with f and ends with dic.
After talking to the manager, it looks as though they will waive $300 in fees, wow!!!
Thank you thank you!!!
Customer service is huge and that's a five star for me folks!
Chase gave me the worst interest rate on my saving account, it is not worth keeping the money there.
The staff at this location were nice and helpful.
Our experience at centennial leasing & sales was absolutely stellar.
I wish it were closer!
:)  we went to centennial because we have arizona federal credit union, and we wanted to buy through them.
They recommended centennial, and we couldn't be happier with the recommendation.
From the minute we walked in, there was no pressure to buy anything.
Eric, our salesguy, wasn't like the traditional car salesman.
No pressure, no coercion, no lies, no bait and switch.
The car driving experience was surreal: after taking your driver's license info, centennial lets you drive the car... yourself!
Yes, you and your friend (if you've brought them along) get to go test drive the car.
No pushy salesperson sitting next to you, telling you what to pay attention to and what to ignore.
Have i mentioned how refreshing this all was?
Before visiting centennial, we did go to the traditional car sales lot.
Their hours are flexible, so don't worry if you think you can't make their closing time.
They don't rush you out the door and there are no high pressure sales tactics.
I would absolutely purchase from centennial leasing and sales in the future.
They're the only place i'll go to buy a car, and the only place in phoenix/tempe/mesa/etc.
I recommend to purchase your next car!
Tells you they can't make rational decisions.
I thought wells fargo was bad, but this one takes the cake.
This was a second bank to me that i was planning to make my primary.
Thankfully that never happened.
This is about the organization, i am not writing about one specific location.
I have only gone to the downtown location.
Variety was good... but also pricey, considering how they low-ball their pawners.
I visited this place on 3 separate occasions to get quotes on pawning some things off.
Wouldn't suggest to others who are pawning off.
My wife, however, still banks with them.
I forgot how shitty their hours are !
Seriously, fuck you, bank of america !
I'm so glad i no longer do business with you !
She answered my question promptly and accurately so i knew what i was doing upon entering the branch.
I was then greeted by the tellers dave and cristina at the desk with smiles and a hello.
She responded very professionally and made sure i retained the information i was given which i really appreciated.
All in all, it was a wonderful experience that is worth sharing.
Their whole team put in effort to provide exceptional customer service, and i recommend them in the highest regard.
Lydia reyes was very professional and helpful!!!
I came in for checks and the process was fast, easy, and smooth.
It all started innocently enough.
Their online website was a bit late 1990s, but hey, it was fine!
It did what i needed it to do!
Besides, i was always someone who pays my bills on time, so i didn't care about fees or interest.
That was ok since we all need groceries, but why wasn't i told?
Then, they started giving you less points for the amount you spent.
What incentive was there to stay really?
I was using $30 a month on it.
So, i tried a couple, then it locked me out.
So i tried calling pc mastercard to reset it...
I was on hold for a half hour before i frustratingly gave up.
I tried the next day.
On hold for half an hour.
I called again the next day, and i finally got through after 20 minutes.
They told me i did not.
So, two months pass and i no longer have this card.
In the mail, i get a notice saying that i owe pc mastercard some money.
They told me i paid everything off!
I angrily called them demanding why suddenly there was outstanding payments on it.
I cancelled my card months earlier.
Now.... it would make sense if it was 2 or 3 days after, but 3 weeks?
And for that matter, charges for loblaw, who runs this bank with cibc?
Now that is just plain ridiculous.
The person on the other line was condescending and rude.
He said that since i had closed my account, there was nothing he could do about the charges.
His manager apparently also could not help.
The whole operation is a complete sham!
Since this incident i have also spoken to other people who have had similarly frustrating experiences.
Don't be fooled - go to a legitimate bank to get things done.
This bank is not worth your time or money.
Hsbc has been a nightmare to deal with.
Terrible customer service, hardly any branches in toronto.
Usually very friendly customer service.
They're adding the ability to create debit cards for lost or stolen cards in mid/october 2015.
Good to know if you've lost as many cards as i have.
Cameron walter is the best thing that ever happened to this kind of transaction.
There's no haggling here.
Give cameron your parameters and needs/wish list, and bam!
The guy is magical.
And i barely lifted a finger till it was time to sign the papers.
Cameron worked so tirelessly on this and never lost his professional and helpful demeanor.
People like that always give more to the process.
Centennial and cameron walter - thank you for making my life so, so much better.
After submitting necessary documents, i got approved in less than 10 mins!
Great job to mr. robles..
Unfortunately this is the only chase bank in my area and doesn't have a drive-through.
I'm used to it being slow but today was unacceptable.
They had one teller backed up with a trust transaction and a line a mile long.
So frustrated, never going back there.
Thank you anthony manuel for a fast friendly service!
I appreciate your thoroughness.
We were supposed to close on thursday and the girl working on the loan leaves on vacation.
The sellers are so angry.
Everyone is waiting and workers have to be cancelled.
It is now tuesday.
Still no word on the closing.
The sellers had to get a bridge loan in order to not lose the other house.
Run away from this place.
Not sure how some people keep a job.
I frequent this bank often since it's right down the street from my business.
I see this all the time in vegas and it sucks.
I'd drop by this bank if you're in the neighborhood.
Bank of a has eaten me alive with fees.
But im still there since i have direct deposit and ive never had a bank error with this bank.
My puppy needed surgery, i rushed him to an emergency clinic, $700 bill there.
Paid it with my one nevada debit card.
We had to transfer my puppy to the emergency surgery clinic on durango, which was a great emergency clinic.
So i had to pay for his overnight care, and the low estimate for the surgery.
The first bill was $684, then for surgery $2,200.
When i tried to run my one nevada debit card again it was coming up declined.
Are you kidding me???
The card did not work.
I tried transferring money to my credit card, but that won't clear for 2-3 business days.
I understand the point of the fraud protection..
Your protecting me, but when i need my money i should be able to use it.
Especially in an emergency situation where the life of my family member is at risk.
It's safe to say i will be pulling all my money out of my account.
I would really hate for this to happen to anyone else.
I was able to use another credit card thank god!!!!
2 tellers on saturday afternoon.
15 people in line.
Most disliked corporation in the usa.
Branch exemplifies the sorry service...
B of a sticks!
They nickel and dime you for everything.
Their customer service stinks too.
I will never go there again!
I wanted to have a local credit union, and thought i was making a good choice by picking oneaz.
I was sadly mistaken.
After several issues with their app, mobile check deposit, the limited hours, etc.
I decided to start moving my money to another bank.
I would definitely not recommend this credit union to anyone!
I really hope my pleasant experiences continue with them when i get the chance to buy a house.
I come to this bank all the time to make deposits for my sister.
Usually they are quick and friendly.
Except in a day this jerk elbert chang, who happens to be the manager,  made me feel completely uncomfortable.
That was the rudest thing anyone has done.
Said there was no bathroom when clearly there is.
Hesitantly he let me take my niece to the bathroom.
When i came out he was waiting outside the door.
I told him that was weird and he said it was for security purposes.
Then why has no one ever done that before at any bank bathroom?
I told him he was rude.
I made my deposit and was informed he was the manager.
Lucky me,  no one to complain to.
We exchanged words as i walked out.
As i was putting my niece in her car seat i saw that he followed me to my car!
I told him to go away and he just kept talking to me.
He was the rudest creep i've ever dealt with.
Never going to a bank of america again!
If you have to, go to another location and avoid this horrible excuse for a human.
The pawn shop itself has a wide selection of jewelry, appliances, watches, etc.
However the staff that i encountered both times i was there were very rude.
They acted very pretentious and were not the best negotiators.
I have a very new car loan through them, then retired very suddenly.
It has been a very rocky road with the annuities coming through in a timely manner-hoping that's temporary.
I love doing business with them!
This was a pretty cut and dried experience for me.
I had even arranged my own financing in advance.
Anyway, that's neither here nor there.
Loved it and bought it.
It was quick and painless...under two hours total.
If i have any complaint at all, it would be with the keyless entry factory set security code.
I believe a dealership should make sure they have that information available or arrange to get it for the customer.
The ford dealership wanted to charge $80...eighty dollars...to get this code for me since i didn't purchase from them.
Well guess what people (and all you escape people listen up.
You disconnect the fabric covering to reveal the smart junction box.
The code is located on a black & white sticker above the electrical connector farthest to the right.
Overall just an easy and stress-free experience.
I was told by w.f.
I cannot speak to any bankers regarding loans and that i first need to apply online.
Even if i just had questions......really????
So, after doing a little research on yelp i came across cccu.
And boy did i hit a jackpot!
As soon as i walked in someone asked how i could be helped and connected me with the right person.
I initially spoke with dawn because i was interested in getting a home equity line of credit.
I've never done this before and i had a ton of questions.
She was very patient and answered all of my questions.
Once she helped me figure out what was my best option i then spoke to the branch manager tina.
She too was very patient answering all of my questions and walked me through the entire process.
There's no way you'll get this kind of service and attention at the "big box' banks.
You'll be glad you did!
Terrible service and probably the worst boa i've seen.
Always a long wait and due to only having one teller 90% of the time.
No drive thru and always have 2 or 3 people just watching.
How do you run a bank with one damn employee working.
This branch is the sole reason i closed my business account.
My personal are not far from being closed as well.
This branch is so sad they should do everyone a favor and just close down already.
Literally waited 2 hours in line.
I have been with them since i don't even remember too, sucks when you are let down like that.
A very friendly bank, the customer service is 100% always.
The employees go above and beyond to make you feel welcome and help you .
He is phenomenal in knowledge.
His expertise is amazing .
Charlie is my favorite teller he is my go to person at the bank .
He is great at it even though he looks young he holds a tremendous amount of knowledge
I would like to thank the amazing teller today at this location.
Quel lieu historique magnifique !temoin du dbut de la colonie .travail d'artiste pour la dcoration de cette banque !
Quel luxe et qu'elle beaut!
One az is like a bank....no better and no worse.
I can see no compelling reason to leave my money with them than i do with other institutions.
I use one other bank and one credit union besides one az.
No difference between them except perhaps that 1az has worse hours.
In terms of loans (which i've done) and credit cards, they are a lot worse.
In realty loans it takes an act of god to get the final payout to pay off the loan.
Will never go to them for a loan again.
Credit cards:  i've had one of theirs for several years.
They advertise about rewards but as yet i don't know what they are or how to get them.
If you're thinking that 1 az is an arizona company then think again.
Terrible experience with this company, and the company (mis)representing their services.
First month i got hit with 70 dollars of extra fees that were not originally discussed.
They were able to remove half of those fees, but then told me they simply can't remove the rest!
Now i must pay 600$ to cancel their services.
No wonder new companies are popping up to make awful companies like these obsolete.
I was provided with outstanding service, amy battin was direct, thorough, honest, compassionate, friendly and most of all knowledgeable.
By the way joe soltys with assist lock smith llc.
Was great as well, he was responsive quick and very friendly.
Thank you amy you are an amazing woman!!
The slowest bank of america ever.
Please hire more tellers or teach the ones you have how to be efficient at their jobs!
It's clean and everyone is happy to help you!
Would not put one star if i could.
So tired of this bank.
Was a great bank over 15yrs ago.
Now it's no better than chase or wells fargo.
I ended up finding centennial through azfcu, and eric helped me find an amazing toyota yaris.
I would give zero stars if i could.
I was 7 cents over and i went in and deposited cash the same day and received an overdraft fee.
Big banks aren't even that bad.
So i ended up closing the account because that is absolutely ridiculous.
I will continue to let people know about the banking practices of this horrid financial institution.
Really bad service here very mean staff
We have been banking here for a few years now, unfortunately.
It had been one disaster after another.
It's unbelievably ridiculous on friday night when you need money and you can't get to it.
It wasn't long before we learned our lesson and took our money elsewhere.
We left this account for bill paying.
We put as much money in there just to cover our bills and that's it.
But still more issues present themselves.
When this happens they shut your account down.
No account history and no transactions, nothing, you have no information.
This is absolutely ridiculous.
They really do not compare to a "real" bank at least that's how i feel about them.
I have two stars because when we do go to them after a problem they always fix it.
We have literally been fighting this bank ever since we started with them though.
The last time we went inside to have me added to my fiance's account.
We signed in and waited.
I couldn't believe how they just completely ignoring us.
I completely dread every time have to do anything with this bank.
My opinion on this one may seem bias because of where i am from.
1st i just moved here from hawaii, the place where service is expected.
Ok soooooo...if you want someone to open an account with your bank dont you stay to help them?
I know they do in hawaii.
This guy made it quite obvious that they were not staying pass the clock time to help a customer.
I will say though that when i returned on monday as planned..they were very polite and courteous.
Between boa and chase, i chose boa.
They have atm's everywhere which is convenient.
I will say that the tellers at this location suck.
They have no urgency what so ever..lord help them.
Bank environment isnt the best.
No coffee or water for customers but oh well..
I have never been treated so poorly by an establishment in my entire life.
I am not an account holder at this bank, and after today will absolutely never even consider being one.
This was about 25 minutes after i arrived at the bank to make a 5 minute transaction.
They flatly refused to give me any sort of receipt or acknowledgement that my cash was in their broken machine.
Worked with roger white on our 15 year refinance.
Everything closed on time and communication was clear.
He also answers phone calls!
He helped us make buying our car a fun and no stress experience!
This is our second time purchasing our car through them and we had forgotten how easy it was.
He gave us a great deal on our trade in too.
He even went all the way to scottsdale to pick it up our new car for us.
He even called us to make sure we liked our purchase.
I have never had that before!
We will definitely be back to see jack.
He really went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of.
I would not get a loan through this so called credit union!
By the way if you talk with a theresa hang up quick and get another agent.
I have three automobile loans, a visa credit card, and overdraft protection with this credit union.
Katie bogner is a super star!
It's the first of the month, a friday, and lunchtime.
Bank of america has lost touch with retail banking customers.
Ricky miles was rude and arrogant!!
Wouldn't recommend this company to anyone.
I even complained to the corporate office and they did nothing.
He totally messed up my closing and when they sold my mortgage my payments went up!
No stars for me!
I was thinking in my head i would have to drive to 17th avenue or to first after i left.
And then it dawned on me, wait a minute cc had a td canada trust.
So off i scampered to the location which just happened to be around the corner from banana republic.
One star is too many!
I come to this bank on the regular for work.
I know she has the ability to work the line cause she has helped me before.
Every single time i come in this branch, i stand in line for at least 10 mins.
To just make a simple straight deposit.
I am not able to use the atm due to having international checks, the atm will not accept them.
If everyone was busy and working the wait wouldn't be asfrustrating.
Every one in that branch should be cross trained to be able to help if needed.
Very very poor customer service and management!
Been at this branch for years.
But know i think i will bank at another location  from this point on!
Which she was doing a lot of transactions..ugh!
I looked around and there was the manager, and others towards the back not looking really busy!
And do you think they would come to the front and opened another window to help me?
No... just let me stand in line for the longest time, till that teller could get to me!
What has happened to this branch?!?
Oh well will go to another chase bank from this point on!
Noel was a great help!
There was no scummy car salesman act that was put on.
No lies, no smoke and mirrors.
But that isn't even really the fault of the company!
That is unheard of.
Thank you noel and centennial!
I love my honda cr-v!
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
The payment was only $40 that was processed.
So to allow a $34fee on a $40 payment is 85%.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
It doesn't with this bank, don't bother.
I run a business, it's called "revolving credit"!
Usaa and navy federal are the best for veterans and government employees.
I've had such horrible customer service at this branch that i try my best to avoid it at all costs.
I almost closed my account of over 15 years because of the people here.
The flamingo/ ft. apache and w. sahara branch are wonderful.
Avoid this branch like the plague.
Terrific job and customer service.
If you live in one of their approved zip codes you shouldn't miss doing business with this place.
We bought our tuscon when the rates weren't the best.
We went into to refinance it.
The process was easy.
We had an approval within 30 minutes and the loan was closed and completed the same afternoon.
The paper work was ready when we got there.
We have been buying and financing cars for 40 years.
This was by far the easiest and best service we ever received from a financial institution.
If you are planning a car purchase or refinance don't miss the opportunity to business with them.
As a retired financial professional i highly recommend this group.
Our loan officer was erica cameron.
She was so efficient she even caught a small recording error made by the dealer.
Don't miss doing business with this group!
I bought a 2015 toyota corolla from john zombrowski, and i couldn't be happier with my purchase.
I am very thankful to have been able to find and work with eric james and his staff.
I have referred his services to coworkers and friends without any hesitation!
Doing a refi or getting a mortgage is never a fun process.
Paperwork, uncertainty and scrutiny of my personal finances are hardly my favorite things.
Nevertheless, roger and sherry made the process as painless as possible!
Communication was very good, and i feel like i got quite a decent rate.
Will definitely use them again for my lending needs!
Cameron walter will lie to you about being one of the only dealerships to honor credit union financing.
Every dealership in az honors/works with the credit unions.
I found 5 of the vehicles he said didn't exist in my price range in one day!
Don't fall for their tricks!
This branch process my transaction very quickly without waiting for an available teller.
Jamie quickly processed my deposit and searched if a personal check.
Then suggested methods to improve speed of transaction.
Then asked if i served in the military that would waive future checking account surcharge.
Unfortunately, jamie not allowed to previous surcharge.
This should been corrected due to previous va mortgage.
I opened my checking acct today.
I was very impressed with service  i received.
Suzie drinkwine was so efficient, friendly and knowledgeable.
A true expert in financial matters.
She  completely and clearly  walked  me through all the features and perks of my checking acct.
I would truly recommend this bank.
The best banking  experience ever !
I am still whole-heartedly happy to bank here.
But i really expect everything here to be better than one of the big three.
Maybe i'm expecting too much but if i had my way, we'd all be banking locally.
But until these guys can offer what the big guys are, i don't see that happening.
Currently waiting at the drive up.
I've spent the last 20 minutes now waiting for the vehicle in front of me to be finished.
The lane next to me has served three customers in this time.
I'm not sure what the hell is going on at that window, but this is getting ridiculous.
Update: 30 minutes in and this car still isn't fucking done.
Won't be able to stay and make my deposit, looks like i'll have to eat a 10% late fee.
Considered getting an account and was totally turned off by my experience.
I will never get an account with chase.
I can only imagine the many ways they frustrate you if you're with them.
Disastererous on line banking.
I give up after 7 years.
I would not get a loan through this so called credit union!
No thank you az fed!
I do not recomened you to purchase your vehicle here.
I was interested in a car there, but i had found a better deal at auto nation honda.
He told me i was a liar and i would never get my dream car.
He even texted me sec later telling me i will never get a deal anywhere.
Gr8 bill pay system.
Money leaves act by 2pm.
Immediate debit card issued with full name.
Their atm's often swallow deposits, malfunction.
Good luck if u have a merchant dispute.
This bank & customer svc r mon-fri 9-6pm.
Their booths offer no privacy.
They re-arrange transactions n trigger overdraft $.
Their fraud protection sux.
Will call from blocked # 7.
Unnecessary fees n charges even when at fault.
Long waits at the branch centres.
Prolonged wait times for holds to clear.
Probably won't finance your car.
Unfriendly customer service reps.
Their online banking could use an update.
A few have closed.
Limited options to customize cards n accounts.
I got everything set up over the phone- no hassle, no worries.
Iv been a member for over 20 yrs and the automated phone system is unusable quite sad
Been a wf for many years.
All staff is friendly and attentive.
Always offered coffee or water.
Never have any issue with my checking or savings accts.
Overall a great experience.
I came in here this past weekend to pay off my car.
Helped me out and made the process less intimidating and much more simple than i expected.
She even congratulated me on being an adult!
That was a great moment.
I was in and out of there in 15 minutes.
Thanks for the wonderful service!
I recently visited centennial leasing & sales after researching them here on yelp.
They have an indoor showroom that features many used cars most under 80k miles.
Their vehicles are in very good shape and their warranty work is serviced by cna.
Jack stoner  provided knowledge and assistance in a painless, no nonsense, upfront manner that i appreciated.
Since i have less than stellar credit, he helped me find a lender and a payment i could live with.
Looked into refinancing my mortgage and was put in touch with darren storey.
I was upfront and told him i was comparative shopping with my current lender.
I even provided him with my lender's written quote before he made his offer.
He assured me chase would match that offer.
Apparently ensuring you quote matches a competitor's just isn't the detail he pays attention to.
Excellent customer service---all the time!
Lori adds a personal touch to every one of her clients!
She's always thorough and keeps your best interests  in mind!
She's been my agent for years and always takes care of us!
Neguy, one of the many tellers at wells fargo bank, delivers a wonderful satisfying friendly service every time.
Always sets a smile on my face during my every visit.
I really wish every human being on planet earth could have the same positive energy as neguy.
I hope i am not misspelling the name :/
I was with curt 15 years and state farm 32 years.
I am still fighting with state farm about a claim filed 3 years ago.
They loved me for 32 years until i filed a claim and then they didn't love me anymore.
The term good insurance company is an oxymoron.
See my review under state farm claims.
Just moved here from ky and we knew we wanted a credit union for our banking.
Stopped by at this location and was very impressed by mckenzie(forgive me if i misspelled your name).
Says a lot for your training staff too.
We got our debit cards on the spot.
Love that they have so many locations.
I didn't read the reviews until now when i'm standing in line.
I am the 14th person in line.
Two, yes, two tellers working.
I say fire the manager and get someone who knows how to treat their customers.
I will be moving my money to a credit union where i was before.
A week later they debited the same amount on the acct again they took it back wtf!
Why no letter no email as to why.
Wtf all i want is my money that belongs to me what a joke they are.
Will take my fiancial business elsewhere and will not recommend bofa again.
Btw this is not the first error they made and would not pay for the late fees they created.
Should of left then
I've been banking at bofa for over 30 years.
Recently they did away with drive-up tellers, which was one of my favorite things about the bank, for convenience.
I've been in line waiting as much as 25 minutes while other staff don't get behind teller windows.
I can understand this on a busy weekend but it seems to happen on a regular basis at various branches.
For work i use wells fargo and i have to say it's a completely difference experience.
Three customers were in line at the window today and people came from the back to help the customers.
Bofa you need to take a customer service training course from wells fargo.
I waited over 15 minutes to make a 30 second withdrawal.
I understand that atms need to be serviced but come on.
Total waste of time.
Didn't bother to check the status of my va eligibility during the pre-qualification  process.
To top is off they sold our loan in less than 30 of closing.
I adore this bank!
Small, personal & great customer service.
The drive thru is always quick.
I was then able to simply sign and drive away with my new car!
Very good experience, i highly recommend seeing cameron!
I had enough, i had to close my account cause of bunch of idiot's works on their own paste.
Do yourself  a favor, stay away from chase.
I used arizona federal credit union for my auto loan and they have an expert buyer service.
I was assigned john zambroski from centennial.
No hassle just a great experience.
Thank you arizona federal and john zambroski.
Don't go to this branch, period.
I have had a hard enough time with desert schools as it is, this branch has only made it worse.
They've lied to my face and made me wait 10 months for my new debit card.
Last two times my card expired, ds was late sending it out.
Yes, they said, it was sent, if be getting it in the mail in about 11 days.
Almost at the end of the month, i panicked and called again on my lunch break.
They said it had been sent, they didn't know why i hadn't gotten it.
I agreed, worried my new card (henceforth card a) had been stolen.
I went to this branch - big mistake.
When i finally got to her, she told me she was sorry, they couldn't give me a new card.
I clarified... did she mean this branch?
Another teller came over and smarted off that no branch in the whole state could print cards.
She panicked and backpedaled, saying that what she had really meant was they couldn't at that counter.
I had to go to the front desk.
Almost an hour later, i had a new card.
It was a weird card.
It had a chip in it, but no raised numbers.
Maybe to save money?
But then, after a few weeks, the numbers began to rub off.
I had to carefully touch them up with a sharpie.
Then the colors began to wear away.
It looked like a fake card!
I wasn't mad yet - i mean... maybe i was given a cheap-butt temp card because systems were down?
I went straight to the front desk, remembering that last time the main tellers couldn't help me.
I showed the man my card, explained the situation, and asked if he could help.
According to my account, he said, pointing to the screen as he said so, it was a chip card thing.
So i just had to wait.
This was the end of march.
Finally, card a, the card i should have gotten in early january, came in the mail.
For five months i waited.
Do you know how many bad looks you get with a fake looking debit card?
But, then, august came and went.
Mid september, i called on the phone to ask about my card.
Had it been sent yet???
My account said nothing about a card.
Because this ruddy branch marked cheap-butt temp card b as my permanent card back in january.
They lied right to my face.
What, was i speaking in dolphin?
I waited now ten months for a card that was never coming.
Thankfully phone person was competent.
He ordered me a card, and look at this, i got it in less than two weeks.
Never go to this branch!
I love this bank with a passion!!!!!!!
The folks here are so friendly and professional!!!!
My banking is always done perfectly and they treat me like a queen every time i go in!!!!!
Nice clean bank with friendly tellers.
Seems kind of price gougey.
I'm used to paying $3 atm fees at the club or at events, but not at a bank.
They should really re-evaluate that.
I recently switched banks because i have been unhappy with wells fargo.
This location is right across the road from my job so i decided this would be my best choice.
He was super friendly and sat me down and started to explain all my best options with banking with them.
Working in the customer service industry myself i definitely recommend this place and the bank has been nice so far.
Bank staff is mindful and attentive.
They usually give me a warm greeting and they work quickly and efficiently.
I've not had any problems so far dealing with him and they have become my go to bank.
The bank hours could be improved upon and their look could be updated.
I have been a customer for so many years.
I started going to this branch recently because of its location in the parking lot with sprouts and michaels.
This particular branch is so hit or miss.
Sometimes they can whip through a line of twenty or more people within minutes.
Yesterday, i waited about 35 minutes to get to the teller and my transaction took between 3-5 minutes.
Part of the problem is just under staffing at lunch time.
I do not recommend in branch banking unless absolutely necessary.
In my case, i had to get a certified check, so i could not do it through the atm.
However, several people were coming in with transactions that could easily be done via machine.
I really do prefer them over large banks.
That said, b of a arizona has some of the most inconsistencies between branches i have ever seen.
The foothills location is much more pleasant and there is rarely a wait.
In chicagoland, b of a is so amazing.
I have purchased three cars through jack stoner at centennial and will never buy from anyone else.
Jack makes the process so easy and comfortable.
The absolute worst customer service.
They wouldn't do it using my social security card.
The manager said i had to wait 15 more minutes because she was going to help someone else first.
Simple yes or no doesn't take 15 minutes.
Save yourself the time and go anywhere else.
Still only two tellers working!
Time to improve the customer service at this location.
Wow one word amazing love our experience from the minute we walked in and out.
Eric was very knowledgeable and he kept educating us without pushing.
I really felt comfortable and i highly recommend this place.
All our questions were answered and even he went out of his way to give us great advice!
Good luck and thank you centinental!!
We will be back:)
Standard bank of america.
Service was friendly and efficient.
I came during lunch on a weekday and there wasn't a line like most other branches during that time.
I was in and out after my transaction in less than 5 minutes.
Overall, i had a pleasant and not out of the normal experience here.
Okay this is my first experience with a credit union, and my first experience with one az credit union.
It was a wonderful and amazing experience with ann osmond, on the greenway & 64th location.
We opened up multiple accounts for me and broke everything down.
Give them a try!
As far as rates go, i couldn't honestly tell the difference.
He financed an investment property for us and went well above and beyond to not only meet, but exceed expectations!
Sergio was great, communicated well throughout the process and took care of business!
His pricing was amazing and his rates are extremely competitive!
Will definitely be doing business with him for another investment property in the near future!
The rudest customer service i've ever seen!
Always a long line and no sense of urgency at all!!
I dread coming to this branch!
I sure hope the bank manager's manager sees this post.
By the looks of the other reviews i'm not alone.
As i'm typing this i'm across the parking lot at wells fargo.
No line 3 tellers and a very friendly and welcoming environment.
They are really much more hype than substance.
I've been a member for over 12 years and am ready to jump ship.
They are just another example of a business that is clueless as to how to run a business.
Don't be mislead by smiles and friendliness.
It's all very superficial.
We've tried doing a mortgage with them, but they really didn't know their business.
We finally went to a regular bank and had much better service.
Their online pseudo-security is about as easy to break through as a soap bubble.... and they don't really care.
They continue to do the same thing, which only makes banking for customers more difficult.
And, then there are the regular instances of making fairly simple transactions more difficult than they need to be.
Don't be misled by "skipping" loan payments... it costs money upfront and they still charge you the interest.
It's not a "skipped" payment.
They're always going to make money.
It's really an amateur operation.
I wish i knew the guys name that took time out yesterday to help me on a matter.
He really deserves recognition.
I've read a lot of negative reviews about this branch but i don't understand why.
I really feel these guys go over and beyond.
And yesterday proved it.
Keep up the great work guys.
Keep in mind on these reviews.
Most people (by the thousands) don't comment or leave a positive feedback when credit is due.
It's only those that feel they had a bad experience that leaves negative feed back.
It's a shame because i guarantee the positive reviews out weigh the negative by the tens of thousands.
We shopped around for lenders and one nevada had the lowest rates of them all.
He always called or emailed back when i had questions/concerns.
There was zero line and two tellers.
Meanwhile, the other teller was busy on her computer.
Not impressed at all.
Consistently horrible customer service.
I went to this bank a week ago in regards to my business account.
I was refused service by javier lopez for absolutely no reason!!
I can't believe how i was treated!
Timely response and good service.
Only 4 stars because i don't want them to get too cocky.
Stay away from this bank.
Opened a bank account elsewhere forget this place.
I heard about the azfed car buying program from my father.
I checked out the site, found a beautiful and gently used toyota corolla and e-mailed a representative, eric wilson.
Literally two minutes later he called me on a saturday.
He was extremely friendly, polite and informative.
Eric exceeded my expectations.
He was very through and detailed but respected my time as well.
I am extremely indecisive but he helped me figure out what car would best suit my needs.
I settled on my first choice and the paperwork was easy and he walked me through it.
He was amazing and was perfectly accommodating and kind.
He's also very personable and easy to talk to.
I appreciated his professionalism and compassion.
I will continue to refer this company and i adore my car.
It rides like a dream!
Very friendly and professional!
Very nice customer service too!
Very fast efficient and very helpful.
I really like doing business there and i am particular.
Do not do business with these liars and thieves.)
I was offered a loan modification, were misinformed about process and our payment was increased instead of reduced.
Caused us to file for bankruptcy.
This was not something i was capable of doing, i signed a specific mortgage to make a specific payment.
I reluctantly accepted this, and forced my way through the further burden on my finances.
After my three month trial period, i received my final paperwork.
In doing this, bank of america caused me to file for bankruptcy in order to keep my house.
And were thoroughly unapologetic and unwilling to correct this injustice.
It has been over a year now, and we have just completed our bankruptcy and had the case closed.
What do i receive in the mail?
Then, i was sent (via overnight fedex) a packet that they claimed i requested for a loan modification.
When we called to complain, we were told that this was just "mass mail".
This is a gross misappropriation of funds and just further evidence of their negligence and abuse toward their customers.
A letter of complaint was written onto their facebook page.
It was deleted with no response.
I have been mistreated time and time again by this organization and they do not care.
I have finally had enough.
I have been abused by this organization quite enough, thank you very much.
Carlos you were awesome considering !
This branch is so nice, and the decor is interesting.
Rather than a long counter that tellers stand behind, they have three wood "pedestal" tables.
I don't know how they handle high volume.
The staff are very friendly.
This bank is the new walmart.
They have 12+ people waiting in line for one teller.
I'm actually standing in line writing his review...
Always courteous, always efficient, and they call me by my nickname instead of legal name!
Forget chase, and come to uwcu.
Margaret is the best!
So pleased with my experience, can't wait to come back!
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
It was a mistake getting it from boa.
I'm willing to take responsibility for that.
But, i do think it's pretty crappy to charge someone that much a month in fees!
I stopped in this branch yesterday to close the account and was surprised how little they seemed to care.
We exchanged greetings and chatted about our halloween and what each of us were doing.
I've heard this from other people, boa just doesn't care about their members.
This financial institution does not accept direct deposits on the weekend.
My employer deposits funds on weekend but arizona state credit union doesn't post till monday.
This is the first time i have ever dealt with a bank so behind and out of date.
I called to dispute overdraft fees and they bold faced lie to me about deposit date.
I confirmed deposit date with my employer.
These pathetic liars makes money off lying and stealing from its customers.
Don't waste your time on this corrupt bank.
Taking a peek at the reviews  and i can honestly disagree with many.
As a customer here for many years  my experience is the service is always friendly and professional.
Been here quite a few times and i've had nothing but excellent service.
Bankers are always pleasant, ask how your day is going and try to help you with everything you need.
It is a little hidden though, it is just a little door in between einstein's and the mr.
6-23-18  ok i don't have an account but i am thinking of it.
May be i dont like my money in a bank just keep it ira.
But my wife does.
She been with b of a for over 15 years.
We always go to north craig b of a.
That location is so cool!
Like i'm thinking of opening an account because of them.
If they are cool, then all b of a should be.
We couldn't  go there that it was closed today.
I don't know why.
So we stop by the blue diamond location.
Which is 1 minute away from my wifes work.
There were a young teller and a young white female manager.
They both look like age 19.
I seriously  can't believe that!
We're the hell you hire these two from?
They need to go back to the 99 cent store where they belong.
They cant handle a bank.
May be she could of  make a effort to make a phone call.
May be im tired of an ira and i do need a bank.
They need help over there and to be retrained.
She could have been sincere and earned my trust and be clear on benifits of  opening an account.
It was slow morning not busy, we need professionals in the bank field.
Ones who understands customers, understand money and earning a business like the north craig/rancho location.
And to be real clear all banks we visit states that we can only do deposits till check clears.
That's all we wanted.
The check sits in my wife account anyways!!
Can i mention another b of a that we visited  took care of us?
I've been banking with macu for almost 3 years now.
Originally opened my account in utah.
I have absolutely no complaints with them so far.
Customer service is always so nice and so helpful.
Recently had some fraud hit my account when someone tried to make an online purchase with my debit card.
Macu customer service was on top of it right away and literally had it removed and handled within 24 hours.
I've been banking with this branch for approximately a year and half now and absolutely love this branch.
Just like their customer service everyone at this branch is extremely nice and extremely helpful.
Especially loan adviser desiree.
She helped me get a helping hand loan (bad credit loan) which cs originally had advised me to look into.
I know there's not one other bank that would approve this kind of loan.
I would recommend macu to anyone and everyone.
5 star rating all around period.
My only complaint if i absolutely to say one would be lack of locations in las vegas.
However i would continue to use this location even if they opened more locations all because of desiree.
5 star service all around highly recommended!!
My first time opening a checking and savings account was with this bank.
The service here is beyond outstanding.
I was greeted by mac, a financial service representative.
I, as a young adult, came to one nevada credit union seeking financial advising and credit building options.
Mac introduced me to the credit builder loan and it's credit building process.
The details were brief but extremely easy to understand.
Mac was extremely helpful and i highly recommend his financial services!
These idiots ruined my vacation.. sent my credit card to the wrong address for 3weeks straight.
Finally after getting my address correct and said they sent a new one, still didnt show.
Now i get to sit home while my paid hotel and vacation is a total waste.
And no refunds paid for my inconvenience
Oh i forgot to mention the branch manager's name was sara nicklin.
Came in to cash my check on my lunch break.
I see a whole lot for employees here yet only 3 are behind the window.
Rude people long lines and to much wait time avoid this bank of america as possible
They are extremely busy(something that the staff cant control) so sometimes the wait for a banker can be 30 min.
Now  that's just stupid!
I waited around 10 minutes last time i was there(which is not bad).
People need to have more patience in general.
I really appreciate having a local branch i can trust and know that i can go in and be helped
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I have not had good experiences with this company.
I was initially attracted to the as opposed to square, for instance, because their rates were lower.
But i have been paying big and not paying attention to their charges.
Now that i'm closing my estate sale business, for $4,000 in charges, i was charged roughly $92.00.
I thought that was it.
So i thought 92.00 was it.
They said they could not stop charging my account.
They couldn't stop the system.
That's $108 for a $51 fee.,  and ems refused to negoiate my balance.
Don't use these clowns.
Earlier this year (2016), my wife and i decided to buy a second house.
It turned out to be a very fortuitous referral for us, and we simply have to tell everyone about it.
The succinct description is that our recent mortgage banking experience was legendary!
This dramatic description is really not much of an exaggeration.
It never hurts to talk!
I love tod hale!
This is our third car we have purchased through centennial leasing for my son.
Tod is knowledgeable and goes above and beyond!
It takes car buying to a whole new level.
No waiting at a dealership all day long.
Smoothest process ever and i highly recommend him to all of my friends.
Thank you gary errecalde for the fantastic customer service!
You guys are the best!
A terrible bank with consistently poor customer service, both in person and over the phone.
Finally cancelled my account recently and waited a bit to post this.
Avoid this bank and any branches!
There are many others who will appreciate your business and take care of you and your money.
Andrea solis is the one u can talk to, with no problem at all!
She's a super nice lady.
Fast service inside the branch.
For now, there's only 1 drive-thru lane where you can do payments.
The other lane is either out of service and/or being fix.
I waited for about 10 minutes recently at the drive-thru lane.
Based on reviews from months ago, nothing's changed.
14 people ahead of me and 2 tellers.
Looking for a cu shared branch location?
This is one i recommend.
If you go inside you will find friendly and helpful staff.
Some locations seem to look down on shared branch members, but not here.
You can get service with a smile, and without any attitude.
There's hardly any lines either at least when i've been there.
Their atm also accepts shared branch deposits....which can be hard to find.
Hire more tellers (2)!
Open your drive though!
There should not be 20 people in line.
I should not have to wait 20 minutes to make a deposit.
You know the branch  sucks when the teller is angry just cuz you asked where is the atm machine!!
Didn't even bother to get her name will never step into this branch again anyways!
They have only 2 tellers and it's in the back like a little dungeon.
The ladies there are very rude like i'm disrupting their day.
One of the worst credit unions i've banked with.
Boy was that a bad idea!
This bank is never open.
When you call customer service you're always transferred or referred back to the branch that opened your account.
Need to talk about your account?
Go to the branch.
Need to order a new debit card?
Go to the branch.
Need to apply for a credit card, loan, etc?
Go to the branch.
What exactly can i do over the phone?!!!!
Got a flat tire out of town, it was 8:30am and needed to replace it.
The companies card reader machine was down so they were on a cash only basis at the moment.
Tried to pull out cash and the daily withdrawal limit is $100.
But the stupid customer service guy transferred me to yesenia's voice mail anyway.
That account now sits at $0.00 until i get back to vegas and close it!
Within 5 mins they had found me a co-op bank to walk into to pull out cash.
One nevada bank go get your life before you lose another customer!
I have been banking with them for 4 years now.
Always professional and helpful.
Maybe it has been a coincidence,  but it has happened at least 8-10 times during these years.
I now use the drive through more often.
Though i've only been to this bank once, i had a very pleasant experience.
I'd give zero starts if i could.... tempe location is the worst!
Their atm wasn't working yesterday when i tried to deposit cash to make sure things didn't bounce.
Went it today and they say sorry nothing we can do would've put it in the night drop.
Why am i going to put cash in the night drop?!
So whatd they do?
Hit me with 3 overdraft fees and won't reverse them!
This isn't the first problem i've had with them either.
And when i was talking to the assistant bank manager he was laughing about it!
What great customer service.
I have been in customer service for 15yrs and that is the worst thing to do!
I will make sure to let everyone know not to bank here!
Can anyone cut they the red tape?
Welcome to impersonal banking at its lowest.
This place is such a clown show.
And no i cannot pay bills or rent.
When i contacted them, all i got was sorry, it's your problem, not ours.
Go to another bank!!!!!!!
What is the point of having so many bank of america's if you're only going to have one teller?
Theres 2 tellers and currently 20 people in line.
This is not convenient at all.
Someone asked for the manager but theres currently no manager here and they have no explanation why.
A few people almost started arguing.
This bank is very poorly managed
I just bought another gently used vehicle from centennial auto sales.
I purchased my last one from them quite a few years ago.
It lasted me until my daughter totaled it...
This one is a lot nicer, but then again it is a newer vehicle.
The quality of vehicles and level of service and customer care is the same or better than it was before.
You can't really improve upon very close to perfection.
I would strongly recommend that anyone looking for a fairly priced high quality used vehicle contact john zambroski at centennial.
Really can't beat that.
This bank has the best hours.
Decent weekday closing hours.
Customer service for the most part is awesome.
I've only come across 1 person that had mediocre service.. everyone else every other time has had exceptional customer service.
Very easy going bank.
Little to no fees.
Use the atm here more than the branch.
They have safety deposit boxes.
Staff of these things are like a revolving door.
Why is it no matter when i come in there is always one teller.
Could be 20 people in line .
To many extra personnel walking around.
Tell the manager to be a teller and stop observing.
Very badly run branch.
When a family member was passing from cancer!
This bank assigned a family member to the power of attorney that was not requested to be on..
When sought to correct, this bank escalated things to the police in order to prevent correction.
The result was the son getting barred from the bank for life because he asked why the bank did that.
The bank had no sympathy for the family member and only took actions in their own interests.
The assistant manager's name was angie out of the delmont branch and manager's name was wendy.
My name is michael kokolis and this is all true.
This bank and all of its corporate managers where aware of the events.
Please highly consider this review before banking or continuing to bank with first commonwealth bank.
I was in town for vacation, and needed some cash.
After reading yelpers reviews, i decided to visit this branch to experience the great service myself.
Boy, i have to say, this branch is indeed awesome!
), and then offered me an envelope without me even asking.
It was as if he could read my mind on how i'd like my transaction be done.
Gotta love this branch, keep it up guys!
My main gripe with this particular branch is their drive thru.
Every time i have a simple transaction to do, like make a deposit/withdrawal i have to wait forever.
I am not sure what their procedures are here, but it is not working.
Love this bofa,  small town friendly, and the tellers are very friendly and equally efficient.
The line did move along swiftly, as michelle dealt very courteously with each of her clients.
I worked with keith williams on my first new car purchase.
Most of our transactions took place with emails and texts.
Keith had all the contracts and paperwork filled out prior to my arrival.
We had previously discussed financing options, and he took the time to get the best rate.
I was out the door in a brand new honda just pennies over invoice.
This is how buying a car should work.
I applaud the centennial team for being honest, zero sales pressure, very helpful and professional.
Keith also offered to get me the dealer cost on any upgrades or enhancements.
I am beyond happy to have opened an account with one nevada !
They are so knowledgeable and helpful !
Also a very kind .
The craig location is my favorite .
I've come into this branch 3 times in the last 3 years.
Every time i come to this bank they are very unorganized.
The culture is pompas.
If i could give no stars i would!
Busy bank location and not enough help.
They should shut the drive through down nobody ever comes to wait on you!
Kathy is a sweetheart.
She always welcomes people walking in and takes her time in dealing with any issues customers may have.
I only have a student checking account here so i guess my review should be limited.
The us bank iphone app has been a life saver!
Well, maybe not literally but it has been that good.
I've always been treated with respect and genuine care.
Any who, as nacho libre would say..."ees fahntastick"
Just refinanced my car and saved tons of $$$!
Rebecca took such good care of us!
Love the craig branch!
I've been in a line about 20 people deep for half an hour and i'm only halfway to the teller.
Dealing with the traffic on bell to go to the 83rd ave location would have been less painful than this.
If i could give a no-star rating, i would!!!
This has got to be the worst credit union i have ever dealt with!!!!!
I thought arizona federal credit union was bad!!
They're aces compared to oneaz or arizona state credit union, whatever they feel like being called.
Before i create euro and gbp a/c, i call few times to make sure what id doc.
I need to open a/c,.
But where i try to withdraw, they charge me another $15 for each fund transferred.
They said : we consider local transfer as wired money as well.
I:but when i asked you three times, you said no extra charge, just like what i did in td bank.
No wonder i saw so many angry customers in this branch whenever my visit to willowdale hsbc.
The worst bank i've ever visit.
416-756-2333 3640 victoria park ave, toronto, on m2h 3b2
The only thing i wish would change is the amount of location/branches there are.
Hopefully in the near future we can see other branches opening up?
Nice, brand new bank
What an amazing staff!!!!
I am never disappointed when i have a need!
The ladies at this branch are particularly attentive to my needs and always go above and beyond!
So time has not been as positive for my experiences.
I require very little attention.
I have direct deposit, i don't come if often, and i do not need much assistance.
After my 2012 activity the changes were positive.
After more than two years of paying the fees i finally went in to close that account.
The lady was very helpful in closing the account for me and transferring information to my other checking account.
She said she already did that.
The other thing that is annoying is the main reason i went in was to save the service fees.
I really need to be convinced there is a purpose to using banking accounts.
I would rather keep my money at home in a jar.
Kathy is always very helpful every time i step in to the branch.
Kathy is the employee that all employers wish they had.
Decided it was time to leave bofa.
Just opened an account here with a personal banker who has amazing follow through.
She actually called a few days later to make sure everything was as it should be.
I honestly am glad i don't bank with hsbc based solely on the lack of customer service at their branches.
If you must bank with hsbc, rule out this yorkville branch and the yeglinton locations.
The staff at this location are professional, helpful and humble.
If you need an account, do not hesitate to speak to vanessa, jody, tito or ken.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that does not have an account.
Thank you for service!
Walked in to talk to personal banker about closing accounts.
He directed me to main counter.
Waited 20 minutes in line that went to entrance door to talk to person at counter.
They directed me back to personal banker.
Took nearly one hour to close out my accounts.
Not the type of service i would expect.
They mentioned the weekend after the first of the month is always busy.
Perhaps time to staff for these occasions if you know they will be busy.
Chases corporation likes to withhold funds!
Don't bank with them!
They're incompetent and are not abiding by the law.
I highly recommend you to reconsider who you bank with if it is chase!
I always always get terrible customer service at this location.
If the tellers are not extremely awkward, they are being rude.
I hate having to come here, unfortunately it is the closet one to my house.
Judy the teller is always speaking to you in a hostile attitude, really bad service from her !!!!
Do not recommend being assisted by this worker judy !!!
On the maryland and karen location in las vegas !
Bad customer service .
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
They always answer their phones quickly and have great customer service.
Anytime i have a question, they be sure to explain it to me so i know exactly what is covered.
They also communicate with me through email which is fantastic since i do not answer my phone often.
Ana and kelli in the office are very sweet.
Plus, they gave me the best rate for car insurance!
Thank you guys for everything!
Only been here few times and always a happy customer.
I came in a few weeks ago to cash a check but didn't have an account with them.
They signed me up for a free account that didn't take long at all.
The best thing about this place is the workers.
They were slammed busy, with people coming in from the rain.
It was closer to closing time & honestly i felt like i had walk into a party.
The worker were all in a great mood.
They were joking around with customers and because the atmosphere was so awesome i felt chipper as well.
Best time i've ever had walking into a bank.
Do not open an account here.
They said they tried to verify funds but they never did.
I asked her to call chase now while i'm standing there and she wouldn't.
Disgusting customer service and disgusting way of doing business.
Needless to say my employee will not be banking here, well in 7 days after they release the hold.
The package identified by the insignia in the car is not necessarily the package that is necessarily on the vehicle.
I am guessing this is because the get vehicles that were rentals.
Verify everything that is not on the vehicle for that package to get the true value.
People in her office would answer and you could hear her in the back say she would call me back.
This happened for months until i finally wised up and hired a lawyer.
Insurance is no good if your agent is not on your side.
Like a poor neighbor lori plotner is not there.
Customer service is horrible.
One window open for customers.
Line is not moving.
Going to another bank.
Too many employees here not doing anything.
I have been banking here for about 6 years now and everyone has always been helpful and friendly.
The signup at the front could use some tinkering.
I have seen some confusion about who's next in the wait queue etc.
As far as customer service, i haven't had any problems.
Linda is awesome and is who i opened my account through if i remember right.
Wonderful customer service !
Thanks to margaret mims -a great banker.
She is caring and professional and an asset to the organization .
Always willing to be there for me.
Her manager , mary is delightful too.
Thanks ladies ,  nicole
You can get money any time you want!
(assuming you have some to withdraw.)
Lori ploetner & her staff is the most compassionate agency in town.
They care & it shows.
It's a complicated world & it's nice to work with someone that wants to simplify your life.
I can recommend this agency for your auto, home, life, and retirement needs.
It's a nice one stop shop.
Justin f. did my saving a month ago and helped me out with open my first credit card.
Great guy and super helpful!!!
Always fun to talk too!
I was with citizens bank of massachusetts for 10 years.
We  relocated to squirrel hill and i thought that the service would be just as good.
Unfortunately the service got worse.
Any issues you may have you have to call the 800 number and you have long hold times.
I like a bank where i can go in and talk to somebody and i can get something done.
I am not a fan of citizens bank.
One cashier on monday... 18 people in line terrible wait time... seems like they don't care any more about customers
Yet somehow, they keep harassing and stalking me by phone and email around ten times per week.
It has gotten so bad that i am about to change my phone number.
Frankly, i made a claim with corporate and i'm fucking pissed.
I bought my 2014 ford mustang today and the experience was great.
This was my first car buying experience and cameron walked me through the process step by step.
Overall a great first experience, if you're looking to buy a car give these guys a shot.
The ladis at this branch are the best i love coming here their smile and attentiveness is very good.
She was very rude and will kill you with her evil eyes.
Only one teller working with 15 people in line!
While another two people just talk in the back!
Worst branch ever, never coming back!
It's bank of america...
I like this one over the bell and grand  ave. location.
This company is awful!
Not only are their services overpriced they have horrible customer service when you have issues.
Not only that, read the fine print.
Stay away from this company!
I'm not sure what the first reviewer was talking about.
This location is great for:  - men's and women's shoes - friendly staff (the former manager, robin, was excellent.)
- kids' toys  bathroom report: decent
After being highly recommended from friends, we chose to work with roger white.
If you're looking for good rates,professional staff and quality service go see roger at one nevada credit union.
They've always been friendly and easy to work with.
A very friendly bank, the customer service is 100% always.
The employees go above and beyond to make you feel welcome and help you
Excessive debit card fraud locks.
Outsourced phone support to outside us.
This branch is no different- every answer is simply- that's what corporate says.
Just an horrible experience to just have my backyard landscaped.
Everyone needs to go and see mo.
He is very helpful.
The wait is ridiculous, the tellers talk waaay too much.
I wouldn't recommend if you're in a hurry.
Arizona federal credit union is the best bank in arizona.
Nice work az federal, i am impressed.
Have been a member for 15 years.
Bank was great when i joined but over the years it's declined.
With the changing of it's name to one az, it's sunk to new lows.
The banking side doesn't seem to be any better than any other bank.
However, my advice to anyone seeking a loan would be to seek the loan elsewhere.
I sold an apartment building to a member who more than met the qualifications but it took one az.
Loan department almost three months to finalize the loan.
I don't know why i waited so long with the buyer.
His realtor felt lied to and mine certainly did.
Learn from other people's mistakes.
Banking side is ok-neither better or worse than any other bank but beware beware beware of the property loan side.
If my business affairs weren't so complicated, i'd have quit one az some time ago.
Great experience with cameron i highly recommend buying a car with centennial leasing.
They are respectful and straight forward.
I got cash from their atm machine but the machine failed to give me my card back.
There seems to be some conflicting information as to whether this is true or not.
I am so thankful for staff who take customer service to another level!
I love this branch, thank you so much for all your hard work and professionalism john!
What i like about this place?
What i don't like about this place?
The money isn't mine.
Seriously,  there isn't usually a wait for a teller and they are very friendly.
Also,  they usually will let you use their restroom,  if you ask.
It's behind the door that says employees only.
They have even done away with the drive up window.
The tellers that work there are very nice and very efficient.
Have been banking at this bank(building) since1974 but i am looking at other options since i like banking in person.
What they will do is force customers to other banks.
Every time i come to this branch there are only 2 tellers and 20 people in line.
But they have 10 teller windows.
Can  you guys get more help?
They need mmm ore people working here this place is slow as hell ...hire more tellers ...
There are only 2 windows open and it doesn't matter how busy they are.
Ughh u will wait!
The people here are competent, thorough, helpful, and friendly.
They've helped tremendously with financial advising, and have dealt with problems very quickly.
This is a great branch, and on top of that, it's rare that i ever have to wait in line.
Then she monotones asked me for my id to make a cash payment on my card.
This struck me as odd, and my curiosity made me ask "why?"
The response i received was snapped back like an angry mother yelling at her child "because that's just our policy".
Well, rude lady, there has to be a reason for that policy to be in place.
Again, i asked "why?"
Hold up -- are you kidding me?!
Do i look like i'm laundering money, lady?
Making $100 payment on a credit card is money laundering?!
From now on, i'll stick to online payments so i don't have to deal with such "pleasant" jerks.
6 months ago az credit unions joined into oneaz and it's been a nightmare every since.
I'm moving to tempe in less than 48 hours and my card was declined purchasing moving boxes.
Just called the new number and it routes to the exact same department so cindy was worthless and lazy.
Then "well we also decided to close it because we mailed you a new chip one in august."
Ultimately said she couldn't help me and i'd need to visit a branch.
Did i mention linda laughed at me during our absurd phone call?
Literally signing up with wells fargo today.
I went this wells fargo to update my married name on my bank card and complete a couple other things.
This is a typical wells fargo, as far as setting and appearance.
I just happened to be welcomed by one of their staff members alex.
After i told him why i was there, he told me he had just gotten engaged a week prior.
We had a really nice chat about getting engaged, married, how we met our significant others, etc.
He was a very personable banker.
This bank isn't the closest to my house but i would go back here for my banking needs.
Everyone at the bank seemed to know what they were doing and seemed just as helpful as alex.
He's fast, friendly, positive, prsuper efficient!!!
Your professionalism is much appreciated!!
I am a small business owner who until recently used ems to process our cc payments.
I strongly recommend not using this company for your credit cards as there are better ones out there.
This is probably the worst bank i've ever been to.
I then went again because i had to reschedule and they took over 2 hours to give me my money.
I would not recommend this place to anyone who needs to get money and want good customer service.
This place is ghetto af and sucks.
I had to do very big amount wire transferred.
And i am not local i am from california.
Still they did it in no time.
Very professional and smooth!
You have traffic time where 15 people with two bank tellers .
Banks should know the pattern of flow of customers come.
Worse bank and worse location.
Garrett's office doesn't respond to emails promptly.
I didn't feel like he reached out to his customers at all.
It just doesn't feel like i have an agent when dealing with this office.
This is another bank that's right off of blue diamond in the 15.
We are banking with us bank since 2014.
We get great service here every single time !
This particular branch has awesome staff & the manager !
Went there on a sat morning to grab some cash.
There was also the most irritating noise from the air vent.
See video if u don't believe me!
Mary bishop is the best.
She always has a beautiful smile and she takes care of business quick and painless.
But dont forget about the people that work there and the cleanliness of the branch.
The employees bring a comfortable happy emotion to the room.
They all greeted me upon arrival and they all look so pretty with happy faces.
They represent one nevada with outstanding performance.
The customer service here is terrible.
There are 6 people in suits ready to make a loan for you but only 2 tellers.
Been in line 15 minutes and still deep in line.
They act like trey could care less.
Now i'm forced to use this location.
I'm seriously considering closing my accounts here unless i see much better service.
This is not acceptable.
One of the banks im with.
They have an atm, and tellers.
Mrs. margaret mims did a fabulous job as always.
She very helpful with all of my banking needs.
She is very well appreciated!
So, i am not a customer of bank of america, nor will i ever be.
My truck was broken into and a paycheck addressed to me was stolen.
I had already deposited it in my account mobilly.
Should i have destroyed the check after depositing it mobilly, yes.
Should bank of america blindly have taken a third party check with no questions, no.
I will be contacting a lawyer since nobody will work with me on this.
If i could give them 0 stars i would.
The absolute worst service i have ever encountered.
I've attempted this location multiple times.
The staff is always sour faced, you can tell they hate their job.
This past visit i was completely ignored while they continued this afternoon conversation amongst themselves.
I've banked here for 9 years.
In past years they've been wonderful.
However, in the past year and a half/two years, this place has become terrible.
She told i needed to 'just go online, there are instructions."
Upon applying, i called multiple times to follow up and make sure things hadn't been done incorrectly.
I left voicemails and emails for two days and heard nothing back.
Bad experiences happen, i've worked in the service industry for a long time and understand.
I brushed it off and continued my normal banking with them.
Very recently, however, i needed help again.
I needed access to my credit card statements from a past year.
The following day i had heard nothing so reached out through email asking if she had found anything.
She responded with a single line, "at this time, i have no update for you.
As soon as i do, i will call or email you."
Aside from this being incredibly short and not at all friendly, i assumed she was just busy.
Two days later i had still heard nothing from lindsay.
I'm not sure what has happened to the customer service here recently.
I've felt incredibly disrespected and unimportant.
It's disappointing and frustrating to be so let down by a bank that used to be really wonderful.
I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
Another great experience at this credit union.
If you need a auto loan, new account etc.
He is by far the best employee there
Absolutely awful customer service.
Arrogant, rude and incredibly insensitive.
They are also lacking current technology.
My other bank sends me email alerts for debit card withdrawals and when my account falls below a specific balance.
The supervisor told me this was impossible.
Don't expect anything but a place to hold your money, especially with their new $200 rule for new members.
As an original member i am deeply disappointed.
Today was not a good day at the bank!!
I was waiting in line, there was a person in back of me and a person at the counter.
There were no bank tellers to be seen!!!
I literally had to call them and they opened the door and said we will be right out.
Two seconds later 2 bank employees emerged from the back office!!
?0  and of course what i needed they couldn't handle!
The printer was down!
Not my first rodeo finding a us bank!!
She didn't and we had to go back and lost out on some perks from the upgraded package!
She was nice but incompetent!
I have to rethink who i bank with if these problems do not get resolved!
Today was not the day!!!!!!!
Young lady bank teller was helpful..
Was buying a house, received a pre qualified letter.
Looked at houses, paid for inspections, appraisals.
Opened an escrow and had all the ducks in a row and they last minute refused to fund the loan.
We were out 4500.00 gone.
Sometimes things are very smooth and other times things are very slow
Just got done processing my third auto loan through one nevada and these guys are amazing.
They actually just refinanced a new car loan from a dealership at a much lower rate.
The application and approval process was simple and margaret mims who helped us was fantastic.
I highly recommend one nevada for anyone seeking some kind of loan in the las vegas valley
Recently just financed a brand new suv.
We decided to add gap insurance.
We inquired thru the delearship and our own insurance company but the price is too much.
We are talking about anywhere from $2500 to $3000 which they add on to the loan amount.
We were  helped by lisa b.
Lisa was very professional, friendly and courteous.
She took time to explain what gap insurance is and its benefits.
We weren't rushed or pressured to get one.
And she followed up with us every step of the way until we finalized the paper works.
All in all great experience and would definitely recommend this branch to everyone.
Thanks credit union and lisa for the awesome deal and great experience!!!
I only go here because i have to.
If you have an account at this branch i recommend driving two or three miles further to go somewhere else.
They always have a line.
As soon as i find an other bank i'm history... oh yeah their tellers idiots...everywhere.
I was so lucky to be helped by blanca ramirez!!!
I would like to say that margaret mims is such a      credit to this nevada credit union!
She is very knowledgeable and makes the process so easy.
It was a pleasure to have her helping me.
I would definitely recommend ,one nevada credit union, because of this wonderful employee.
Margaret mims  puts the credit in this union!
Thank you margaret mims for working for one nevada credit union.
Employee shyla needs to work on her customer service skills.
She's very impatient and short, doesn't listen thoroughly and has a snappy attitude.
Using the atm is frustrating.
Cash deposits and withdrawals are just fine, but i recently deposited three checks, and they simply disappeared.
No reflection on my bank account statement, not credited, just simply missing.
Now, i have to sort that mess out with the bank and find where my checks are.
This is totally unacceptable.
Unfortunately, the general consensus for me regarding bank of america is  fairly negative, as far as customer service is concerned.
I lost my wallet, and i must say, the dmv has superior customer service comparatively.
Isnt this a bank?
I asked if the manager could help me, she told me no, the manger cannot access pin codes.
Thanks b of a for taking the time to hire a negligent manager.
My newspaper boy has better management skills than the one on 201 e washington.....   you   suck!
What a wonderful experience to buy a car from centennial leasing and sales!
Buying cars is usually torture with frustrating negotiations and wasted hours.
I always feel like i'm being held prisoner until i buy something.
I know that in the past, i have given in from pure exhaustion.
Our experience at centennial was the complete opposite.
It was actually fun.
We picked centennial after reading the positive reviews on yelp and thank goodness we did.
We walked around for a few minutes and then were greeted by jack stoner.
He had a list of all of the cars in his hand which listed the cars, their mileage and prices.
He said he was there to help and to just browse.
When we found a car to test drive he would pull it out and send us on our way.
We actually held him back to ask advice on which cars would fit our needs.
He was knowledgeable and friendly with no sales pitch.
We finally picked out some cars to test drive.
He pulled the cars one at a time out of the lot.
He spent a few minutes explaining any driving quirks, and then let us drive away.
Thanks to jack stoner.
I completely recommend centennial and will go there for any future car purchases.
It's the way car shopping should be!
Bank of america you have to do better man.
Like i come to this branch occasionally and i swear it's never less than about a 15 minute wait.
I've been there before and i know it's not fun when your management staff's the way they want to.
In the lobby they sometimes have a person that's there but he's not effective!
Blah only come when i need to withdrawal over what the atm allows me to do..
This location gets a little trashier every year.
It used to be clean, pristine, and classy.
Now you walk in and feel like you are in southeast phoenix.
Many questionable characters, including the staff, not just customers.
They are always understaffed so bring a book to read.
Worst lender i have ever used.
I have excellent credit and was putting 12000 down.
It took 3 days to even get a response from them.
They asked for more information which i gave them and they told me they would get back to me shortly.
I called back at the end of the following day and they said they were still waiting for an answer.
Two more days have gone by since and not even a courtesy call from them.
We have been members for a very long time.
The plus side of this is the protection we have experienced relating to their debit and credit card service.
We haven't banked in a regular bank in years so i can't speak for the banks around phoenix.
We really have to thank their oneaz department that oversees the activity on your debit and credit card usage.
If it wasn't for them our account would be no account.
That is not true.
Even though i check our account at least five times a week.
Thank you for protecting us from the so called villains out there.
Aaggghhhh ur lucky i gave 2 stars.. normally i wouldn't do this but it completely screwed up my day...
So it's a monday right before lunch rush..
I'm waiting in line on monday esspecially to avoid the friday lines which are hours long here at this location.
I waited in line for 45 minutes and their was only 3 people ahead of me!
How u may ask??
U can't "chat" on your own time?
I finally walked out of there at 12:10pm having a set doctors appt at 12:15pm weeks before.
Who would have thought a slow moving line at a freakin bank would screw up people's lives, but it did!
I'm no banker but i'm starting to think maybe i should be?
Yup a manager from the bank!
This was my first thought as i walked in.
On the bright side, employees are quick, efficient, and friendly.
Just a heads up, this location does not do money orders, only cashiers checks- and only for account holders.
Also, why is it that evelyn aguyo has a plaque above her window calling her a professional teller?
Is everyone else an amateur or in training?
She's great, sweet and very helpful, but the sign is bizarre.
This is the poorest bank i have ever walked into.
This employee should be fired for the way this sweet lady was treated today.
A formal apology was never given even though she and i brought it to a supervisor's attention.
Never will i walk into this bank again.
If i could rate this branch of bank of america no stars i would!
Linda at one nevada credit union was outstanding!
She updated me on all events and let me know all documentation required.
I would highly recommend linda here at the blue diamond location.
Gary at centennial leasing and sales was very helpful, professional and definitely made my first buying experience easy!
Curt and his office staff are great!
I have moved all over the country and have felt with many service companies.
This state farm agency really cares about me and my needs.
They are friendly, remember me and my family and are there anytime i need them.
This is probably the nicest wells fargo ever!
Every time i walk in here, the manager always welcomes me.
Not a lot of wells fargo makes you feel this special haha.
The bankers are also very nice and ask how you're doing and everything.
Great overall, customer service!
So much elbert for going out of your way to help us.
He was very helpful in a stressful situation.
We were stranded at bofa with car issues and elbert was nice enough to help us.
Unable to print my statement on line so drove to the branch on broadway and power rd in mesa az.
I was unable to print the back of a check on line.
I asked both the girl that was helping me, and obviously the manager, if they could email me that check.
I was told it was against their policy to email that kind of material.
I went home and explained to my husband what they had said at the bank.
He then called customer service and was told they could certainly email me a copy of my entire statement.
Received within 3 hours?????????????????
Somebody doesn't know the wells fargo policies!!
Oh yes laurie with remax!
Wait times were absolutely ridiculous.
Fix your customer service!
The few times i've been here, the place seemed to be understaffed because the line was long and slow.
One time i brought a check to deposit and i was treated like a criminal.
There was a young hispanic male teller that would not let me deposit or cash it.
I don't expect the bank to be open but a call center yes.
Really wanted to be with a credit union but there online system is always down.
Really feel they need to come into 2014 .
Sadly will be returning to a big bank.
Every one that works there are always willing to help and surprisingly remember everyone that banks there!
Vanessa is always a pleasure to talk to, she is funny and has the best personality.
On the mortgage side worked with rebecca and ryan.
I had another lender competing with them, and they blew them out of the water.
I would recommend anyone to refinance through one nevada!
Worst customer service at this location.
Waited 20 minutes in the line just to do a deposit.
The teller name aline who ended up helping me was horrible.
Most of us in the line were already getting agitated.
Applied for a home refinance loan.
Was supposed to close in 30 days as they stated and as they advertise.
It probably would have been done in 30 if the so called loan officer knew what she was doing.
The sent an appraiser to my house when an appraisal was not needed.
She asked for paperwork that was not necessary.
When i spoke to her she said she has too many files.
They don't answer their phones when you call because they are too busy.
I started a home refinance before my parents and they closed before me.
Would not recommend doing a home loan with them.
Go to a different credit union.
This location sucks if you have have to go inside.
The lines are always too long.
They have room for 7 tellers up front but i've only ever seen 2 working.
Managers and "personal bankers" never jump in to help yet you see them walking around or sitting at their desks.
I am a new customer at bank of the west.
A lot of my transactions are online.
Transferring money from a checking account (with them) to a savings account (that i just opened with them) takes forever.
The money is with them.
It's not like they have to "verify" that it's with them.
They say they can't do anything over the weekend.
Do the computers need a break over the weekend?
All i get as an explanation is that "it takes time."
Other banks don't take this much time.
They seem friendly in person, but the glacially slow transactions are driving me nuts.
I got a hold on a check i wrote to myself from another bank.
I know the money was taken out (because it came from an account with another bank).
They just sit on my money for ten days, just because they can?
The atms are fickle.
Also my savings account does not appear on atm accessible accounts.
Not impressed so far.
They made so many mistakes it's scary!!
!, this is supposed to be a bank/credit union.
I would not recommend them to anyone who cares about their money.
This bank is so slow.
Still sitting waiting to be helped yet i see one guy just walking around like he needs something to do.
I have worked with joe for over 15 years, he is a true professional.
The manager sold us a box tv  for 2.00.
We didnt realize the tag was wrong until she rang it up.
She refused to fix it.
It was a 1.99 furniture tag.
She said the price ticket person was new and didnt know what they were doing.
And they can not change the tag.
I know it's just a dollar but just the way she treated us was very rude
After even more time, i'm finding they just keep surprising me with terrible service.
My wife and i have several accounts to divvy up funds so that we can keep  track more easily.
So, out of the blue there's a fee after a few months.
Their answer is "it's our policy."
And, this answer is the trap.
"policy" is someone's idea of how to create a rigid, inflexible structure.
But, it prevents any kind of adaptability or consideration for the individual context.
Such approaches are the pipe dreams of corporate dinosaurs.
And, this credit union suffers from the same issues as any antiquated corporation.
They really don't care about customers, their circumstances, or the whole idea of providing a service.
It's just so much trouble to change banks, but we may have to do so.
There really is very little benefit.
You put in a card and four digits and get out cash to pay for great times with friends.
How can i rate it anything else?
Richard zhao was pretty awesome!!!
He was our banker and super cool!!
Helped us with our finances and gave us a good tip!!
He needs a raise!!
Where has the  customer service gone?
Been with b of a for over 20 yrs but that doesn't seem to matter.
We finally had enough.
No one wants to help us!!
Our other bank said here's a copy of the funds that b of a has withdrawn, show them .
They have our money already we don't understand why they're holding it for 10 days.
They keep saying they can't help even with us showing them  proof that the funds are there!
Checks are going to bounce left and right .
We're done with this bank!!
If you want customer service do not go to b of a
Great location and awesome that there's an atm drive though service.
Property is clean and employees have always been nice when i visit.
If your not refer to them by family there is a 50.
Charge to join but it's well worth it.
They have tellers with personality who also care about you and keeping your business.
This location is also open on saturdays which is super convenient.
I have finished cars through them and you can't bet the rates and easy process.
I have come into the centennial leasing offices several times over be past couple years.
Tod hale is a class act!
He always greets me with a smile even though i haven't made a single transaction.
I have looked at cars, ordered cars, left messages and played phone tag with him time and time again.
Today was different...i finally bought a brand new (to me) car!
I couldn't have asked for a better experience with tod and his sales team.
Thanks you tod and kelley hale for running an amazing dealership and keeping this customer beyond happy!
I love my new gmc terrain!!
Treat you like a person as opposed to wells fargo where you are just another sales opportunity.
This is my wells fargo home.
The accountants and bankers are very polite and understanding.
Countless times they have worked with me on financial situations and always have surpassed my expectations.
Special shout out to anthony wesson for providing exceptional customer service.
I don't often venture in to thrift stores.
I had planned this visit looking for 2 particular items.
I couldn't resist wandering around though.
I beelined for the housewares section because kitchen stuff is one of the things i can get excited shopping for.
Speaking of the sale day, the place was still packed in the early afternoon.
I may have to visit thrift shops more often.
I've been banking here for a long time.
They have awesome customer service.
I have only had great experiences with one nevada.
I also like that you get cash back rewards for shopping at places.
I should have written this review last month, but i've been busy enjoying my new house!!!!
I just recently purchased my first home in las vegas.
After shopping around with several local and online mortgage companies, i chose to use one nevada for my mortgage.
My loan officer was ryan lopez.
He has many years experience and never had any hesitation in answering my questions or helping me.
Ryan also secured me a rate that was lower than the other local mortgage companies that i shopped with.
He also answered my calls anytime, even at 7-8pm!!!!!
My loan processor was stephanie cooper.
She also has many years of experience and it showed as she processed my loan.
The seller had required a short close date and stephanie really hustled and met the deadline.
Just like ryan, stephanie always answered my calls when i called.
Ryan and stephanie are a great team and did a great job communicating.
Not only with each other, but also with me!!!!!!!
They made my home purchase a fast and easy experience.
In addition, i also saved a lot of money in closing costs compared to the other lenders i shopped with.
As a long time banking customer of one nevada, my recent mortgage experience just solidifies my relationship with one nevada.
Great experience and highly recommended!!!!!!!
My father passed away suddenly in october.
I am the personal rep of his estate.
He had a bank account at bofa.
I went to this location and worked with david.
I get in his office and he's blasting his music.
I told him i needed an estate account per my lawyer.
He instead tries to talk me into having a check sent to me for the balance.
I told him again i needed an estate account.
During my time there he was cussing and making in appropriate comments.
This is not what i was told at another branch but i didn't argue.
I asked to set an appointment for monday.
He instead insisted that i text his "personal cell phone".
I'm pretty upset at this point.
I tell him via text since he wouldn't return my call that i would have preferred to set an appt.
He said "that's why i was setting the expectation that i will work around you".
He ignores my request and continues to text me that this is my fault i wasn't able to come in.
He finally calls me (it's going on 520-530 now) and finally sets an appt for the following day.
My mom and i come in the next day (i didn't feel comfortable going alone), he is extremely rude.
When he comes back i ask him for the numbers that were on the paperwork.
Then i ask to pull out some money and he says i'll have to wait in line for a teller.
I told him that was fine.
The amount i wanted was over 7k.
I asked if 7k was the daily limit.
Fast forward a day, i decide to go to a different branch to pull out money.
The customer service there is terrible.
I saw blanca last friday to open a new account.
She made things so quick and easy and made sure i got what i needed for my small business.
The location is super convenient and the staff are kind.
Blanca ramirez was so sweet and helpful, give her a call!
No one here takes pride in what they do.
They spend more time telling you why they won't help instead of just helping.
I have already began closing my accounts.
It's a hassle but i can't deal with this group any longer.
But they are really good at giving you a 1-800 number to call so you can get help.
The atm has more pride than any of the b of a employees.
Thank for everything and i hope an increase in pay is in her future!
Great customer service and great insurance!
This branch is always hit or miss.
You can wait around for a while before getting service, or they will help you right away.
Tomorrow we go down to one az and close our account.
As of 12/31/2017 they deducted $7.00 from the account for inactivity.
Can not believe they deduct a fee because we did not use the account.
There is no logical reason as there is no expense on their part for having the account open.
They have since dropped being a service center.
What can i say about this place.....
That thing always seems to be broken.
If you need to come here, just use the drive through atm.
I have been with nevada federal credit union for years.
Probably since i moved to nevada 20 years ago.
They were the credit union on nellis air force base.
They have always been a great banking facility.
I bought cars through them and i've had my account with them for a very long time.
I've tried other banks but love nevada federal because of their service when you walk into their branches.
It's nice to sit down at a desk and talk to your banker.
They always help you solve your financial problems or at least they try to.
Great selection and customer service.
Zach rehberger helped me and was very knowledgeable.
Honestly, the worst service i have ever experienced with bofa.
The customer service was horrendous, not even a simple "we'll be with you shortly" or an "thank you for waiting".
I have been banking at this location for years and have always been treated with the utmost respect .
All the bank personal are very friendly and professional.
Will, the branch manager always goes out of his way to help me with my business account and personal.
He has an amazing staff!
If you need an honest professional banker i would highly recommend this branch and will.
Thank you for the great service!
This place always makes me happy.
Way better than any bofa or wells fargo ever made me feel.
They actually get to know you and i have only been with them for 8 mos.
I think i can safely say that i will never put my money in a bigger type bank ever again!
If your still banking at chase or wamu i highly suggest a switch you'll never be happier.
Bad customers service .
Years come here,no more!!!!
Every time is something different.
We are sorry but we have to take 5$ for cash out a check that worth $6.
You need to change that policy.
My entire family come here no more
This bank is amazing.
Always friendly always helpful.
So why only 4 starts.
That's because they don't really have a walk-up atm.
But that's a good thing i guess.
But other then that this bank is amazing.
Not for profit financial services.
I had no idea i could join.
I thought only u of i employees and professors could join.
But locals, i guess residents of champaign county can join.
Alumni, former employees of u of i, family, uic and uis can join too.
I really like that they are not for profit.
So all their income goes to the credit union.
And they say they can't be bought or sold.
So no worries that some big bank will take over my credit union.
I get the sense they are part of the credit union not jus warm bodies.
Great people on the personal banker side.
Represent the bank well.
.. but hold on a min i'm getting charged by wells fargo to cash their check.... wow.
Ass backwards and i get the reason they are charging such redick feel like this and it's all banks .
It's a tactic to get you to open an account which i will never do because i already have one.
This shit is out of control .. .
.fdic needs to get their shit together.. awful way of making money.
Definitely the sign of the times.
Nice enough people but can't actually help help you when you need it the most!!
Recently my father passed away and i am helping my mother with the estate.
Should have been simple and we were told it could be done since we had obtained all the required documentation.
Everyone here was very sorry for the inconvenience but that's what the "estate unit" requires.
This is our money, not theirs and they will not relinquish it even with the proper paper work submitted.
I'm struggling to see the purpose of these huge baking centers with just a handful of employees.
One personal banker, two tellers, one preoccupied greater, and a mystical voice from behind a door.
Came in earlier today and was told i needed an appointment, which i made.
Returned at my designated time and sat for 25 minutes waiting to be seen.
Once i finally was helped, the person that helped me was polite and friendly, without being overly personal.
I agree with everyone who is saying this place is understaffed and very slow.
I've been standing in line for about 15 minutes and only 2 people have gone.
I am just here to make a deposit.
This is like walmart lol so many windows yet not enough tellers lol
This location was always quiet every time i went, so you can avoid waiting.
One teller whose name is sherry knows what she is doing.
You will get the best service.
Thank you sherry for improving a quality of teller's job.
After fed up with my bank nsb, i gave a try cccu for just to get my second home loan.
Dawn young, is very knowledgeable person at this location and she exactly told me what loan fit to us.
I highly recommend this location and every one of them very friendly and helpful.
I moved to boston a few months ago from scottsdale.
I love working with him, it's great to know that customer service still exists.
If anyone needs a bank/banker/ financial assistance, check this particular location and ask for james.
I've used various pc financial services (debit card, credit card, tfsa, rrsp) for about 10 years, and i'm very satisfied.
We've used cccu for years.
We've always felt like valued members and we've always received great customer service.
We've never had any issues or disappointments.
Excellent customer service yesterday!
Helped with professionalism from beginning to the end of my transaction the way i have for over 25 years.
I was very disappointed when i went in today and found out they won't do counter checks anymore.
This took literally seconds to do and a small charge would defray any cost incurred.
I was helped by mac and he was able to help me with my problem.
He gave me his card as well just in case i wanted to do an update on the progress.
A week after filing i was still able to get in touch with mac for an update.
He was able to provide me with all he information i needed.
Thank you so much for the help!
I'd give zero stars if possible.
This is the worst banking experience that i've had.
I was made to feel like a criminal for using this branch, which is a shared location.
I called before arrival and asked about depositing a check drawn on a foreign account and was given the ok.
I know the difference between being helpful and being racist and jacqueline there came off as racist.
I'm looking for a local bank and would have opened an account there but i'll never be back.
The worst wannabe bank ever!
It's good money that has passed clearing months ago.
No one tells you this until the emergency arises.
Pay the fees and stick with the real banks.
This is the finest insurance office & agent i have ever seen.
Lori is simply incredible, knowledgeable, kind & considerate .
Her staff is also amazing.
They will guide you along thru any problem while making it seem simple.
No matter what happens it stress free.
Make no mistake in this critical area by choosing this lori & staff.
Proud to be a member!
I immediately closed the wells checking account and set up automatic payments from my regular chase checking account--much more convenient!
1 teller always long lines.
I had questions and concerns.
The staff could not have been more accommodating and informative  very happy with the service and respect i received.
I have been banking with scotiabank for over 15 years and have never had a cheque bounce.
Scotiabank is incredibly conservative and as a customer they make you feel as though they do not trust you.
I've been a one nevada member since 2010.
Shelly webb has always gladly helped me with all of my banking needs.
I will never bank with another banking institution.
When i first started working with shelly for my banking needs, it was at the centennial hills location.
When she moved to the craig road location, i followed her to that location.
Take your money out!!!
Pnc robs locals and low income folks with high unnecessary fkn fees!
Join any local credit union!!!
Credit unions offer better services to the community for no/lower fees .
Pnc is literally robbing folks.
This is how major banks work.
They make money off investing your money while charging you high fees every step of the way.
I can't say enough about aaron reed.
Aaron has followed through 2 months past closing.
I never thought i would own a home again.
He walked me thru each step and made it happen.
No matter how stressed and skeptical i was, he was there to explain the process.
He is a shining star with stearn's lending.
I don't know what experience some individuals have had with stearn's lending, but it certainly was not with aaron.
He is the real deal and absolutely earned every one of the 5 stars.
You will be in good hands placing your mortgage with him.
This bank is the friendliest in vegas!!!
Everyone calls me by name when i walk in the door and they always have smiling faces!!!
Very clean and professional!!
Quick and friendly this location is top notch!
One teller and 12+ people waiting in line, no doubt many of them during their lunch break, like myself.
The very helpful and genuine woman working as the only teller apologized for the wait.
It's not her fault one of the largest banks in america can't staff their locations correctly.
I hope i never have to go back to this branch.
Told me loan approval would take 2 days.
If u bank here u have to come early.
The lineup may not look long but u do have to wait long.
Outside looks disgustingly dirty but inside is pretty clean and big.
So u can have a pretty big group in there if u like.
Our experience w/ eric was excellent.
He was thorough, knowledgeable and made it easy for me to come to a decision.
A truly professional experience throughout.
Bravo eric-  cheryl g.
I tell you that rebecca a and her staff are the best in town.
They'll get you your answers when you need it either by phone, email and in person.
All my banking need is here.
No better place to get your best rates for your loans.
I trust to this staff.
Thank you rebecca a and staff.
The slowest bank of america branch ever!
They need barrels of coffee or red bull just to shake them up a bit.
Ridiculous wait time each time i'm here, even if there's only 1 person in front of me.
Stopped at this location when i was in the area working.
The tellers are always pleasant.
I waited one hour in line for my merchant account deposits....
The work structure there is poor and management should be embarrassed.
Especially when merchant rates just increased and service is less than par.
I almost bought a used car at a traditional dealership.
They told me how they have the mechanic look over the car and they only sell cars in perfect condition.
I had my mechanic look it over and he found over $1200 in repairs needed.
The next day i went to see bob bloom at centennial.
He showed me the carfax and the off site inspection and repair bill.
Centennial isn't a traditional dealership.
All the cars are inside and they set a fair price.
No need to negotiate.
We bought my son's first car from bob and it was a great experience.
I recommend you call centennial and ask for bob, you won't regret it.
Tell them, pat sent you :)
I recommend coming here for all your banking needs!
Dont use wells fargo for personal account
I went and discussed when i needed with my business loan.
I'm not sure whether i'll get the loan or not but that will be revealed in stories to come.
I love going to this bank.
Very attentive and helps me the best he can.
Atm is always fast and i'm in and out of there in minutes.
No ridiculously long lines (:
Great experience at this location.
Staff was extremely polite and friendly.
They took their time explaining their programs and options available.
Even better was the short wait time!
It was my first car buying experience, so i was nervous to say the least.
I was hooked up with cameron through arizona federal after i was approved for financing through them.
Cameron made the experience easy and comfortable.
In the time leading up to my purchase i was out of town on vacation and cameron knew that.
Cameron stayed calm, cool, and friendly the entire time.
He never gave off the "pushy salesperson" vibe that i was so afraid i would encounter.
I didn't have to talk to any dealerships or search myself.
I gave my specifications and he found exactly what i asked for.
I highly recommend centennial, and cameron, if you are looking for a great car buying experience!
I finally just got up out of my chair and left.
Coming to this bank is so dreadful.
I have to deposit rent at b of a and this is the closest location to my work.
There is always an incredibly long line that takes forever and one maybe two tellers.
Don't worry though there is three people standing at the door greeting you and doing absolutely nothing productive.
Avoid at all cost.
I went in to close and account and worked with connie chavez who is absolutely wonderful.
Upgraded my account as it should have been in the first place and i had been missing out on.
Cameron walter met with me and immediately i felt welcomed and at ease.
This was the best experience i've had with the purchase of a car.
Cameron was informative and incredibly friendly, taking the time to understand our needs and limitations.
He's just a great guy, and centennial and all of their staff were welcoming and accommodating.
I highly recommend doing business here.
I'll recommend cameron and centennial to my family, friends, yelpers, and anyone else looking for a vehicle.
I'd give more than five stars if i could.
Do not trust their bill pay service - cost me $300 in late fees!
The people at the retail level are very nice and will remember your name.
Meanwhile, my landlord is assessing daily penalties.
Oh wait...the stop pay will take 3-4 business days before they can return the funds to my account.
My landlord was charging me $15 a day for every day it was late.
Also, let's not forget the check never arrived.
Did you even send it?
Here's my guarantee - you will be worse off for using their services.
After being a customer of dollar bank since 1997 you would think i would be considered a valued customer.
Well far from it.
After a series on medical illness i fell behind on my line of credit.
Customer service states it is bank policy to only waive one late fee for the entire life of the loan.
Luckily i am on my last year of repayment.
I have dealt with many banks and have had mostly positive experiences.
Don't believe that dollar bank is some old moral bank with ethics.
I can assure you first hand they are not.
Ok so this was my first time using this branch.
As soon as you walk in the mood of the office isn't like the serene location.
I was even greeted when i walked in which is always nice.
I was helped by sweet kathy, who was soooo helpful and went above and beyond my expectations.
I definitely will be back to this location.
So thank you kathy for giving me such amazing customer experience, it truly is appreciated!
I never write reviews.
That's how bad this place is.
I was quoted an amount and didn't want to spend that much.
Came back a couple weeks to see if the item was still there and possibly to buy.
That offer "was never made".
All the employees were very rude.
Twelve years i have been a capital one credit card user.
Customer service now treats you like you're a criminal .
But mostly capital one has a fraud problem.
This year alone i have had 3 fraud cases .
Three times i have had to get a new credit card number .
Two of these cases were less then 2 weeks apart.
Your purchases are not safe with capital one.
I experienced excellent customer service today at western states bank.
Ivy and the other employees were extremely helpful and informative when assisting me with a concern i had.
I appreciate them and would recommend this branch to anyone in the future.
They pay dealership profit and charge you a fee which allows them to take advantage of customers both ways.
In this internet world, we should just find the cars we want on our own.
They lied to us and will never ever use thier serivce.
I have asked to speak with the owner but he is never in the office.
I go there about 2-4 times a month.
The employees are very friendly but they're super slow.
There were 3 employees, 1 manager, and 3 customers.
It took 15 minutes for them to help me.
A good 5 minutes went by and they weren't helping anyone.
3 customers....3 employees, no help for 15 minutes
Do not open an account here.
Take your business to another competing credit union.
Message me if you'd like to know of a good credit union to go to.
My fault because i lost my job.
Do not sign up with this credit union.
There are numerous credit unions in the area that will take the time to appreciate you as a customer.
Virginia fargo is one patient amazing person!
She was extremely helpful and aggressive at helping us get a loan for our new home.
I never been angry at a bank like this.
Just because i withdrawn a huge amount of money they held me for 30 minutes.
I gave 3 identification verification.
I even gave my acct number and even pin if needed.
The manager such a pain.
Will never come back.
I almost closed my account today.
When the word "disappointed" comes to mind, this bank will forever come to mind.
There were 5 other sets of people sitting here as well- two or three gave up after 40 minutes.
Total fail today chase.
I went here to cash a check that was given to me that was written from this bank.
I went in as they were opening and the bank teller was putting her shoes on.
She then told me that it would be a five dollar charge.
She then said that i could open an account and proceded to tell me all about the accounts they have.
She then still tried to get me to open an account!
I told her again no thank you i am happy with my bank.
Bob bloom hooked me up with my new car, and he worked really fast.
The purchase itself took 15 minutes, and then we were done.
Bob was real friendly and real honest, and the whole transaction went smoothly and efficiently.
I'm not the biggest fan of bofa because of their fees, but i get a discount because of affiliations.
Other than that, it's meh... all right.
Let's face it buying/finding or even test driving motor vehicles can be stressful.
Especially, then ones that won't leave your side until you buy.
Tod hale who's a sales consultant at centennial leasing and sales, is a professional when it comes to clients.
He made this process easy and fun.
Clients are the boss, you tell tod specific details do(s) and don't(s) he will make happen.
My aunts old car died sooner than she wanted.
A coworker/friend told her about tod.
She didn't let us down.
My aunt test drove 4 vehicles in her price range.
She loves her 2018 toyota rav4.
Thanks tod, i will be coming to you when i need a new car in the future.
Let me start by saying i love chase all around.
They are the best bank i've been with and every branch is friendlier than the last.
And she got me taken care of like chase always does.
Thanks so much guys!
Keep up the good work!
Horrible (as usual) experience here.
They are sitting on my insurance check from nationwide 10 days now and counting.
Workers can't be paid, roof can't be completed.
No way should an ins.
Check be sat on for over 10 days for endorsement.
Worst bank i've dealt with in a long time.
They have absolutely no human compassion, could not care less about any situation presented or finding a workable solution.
All they can say is, 'sorry, that will cost another fee'.
Don't sneeze in their presence, they will charge you for that as well.
Fine, i've moved all my money transactions to another bank.
Keep my $1.57 -- you took more than that from me anyway.
Hardly ever a line.
The banking staff are very pleasant and always helpful.
They're really helpful and really friendly.
I'm a guy, but this place smells horrendous it's like a mixture of old, paint and pesticide smell.
It's tough to bear and it hits your nostrils immediately upon entering.
I'm not one to complain, but i know i can't be the only one to experience this.
I'll give 'em  a 4 of 5 though.
Why do i have to give a star?
I wish i could deduct a galaxy.
So much for the white glove treatment for "wealth management" customers.
Can't wait to pull every cent out of this poor excuse for an institution.
They are like over protective mothers, is me money not insured?
Clearly just another bank that won't work with its customers.
Snotty attitude from the banker when i called to sort it out.
Get over yourself chick.
Time to go to a credit union.
After a few visits here, the norm is not enough tellers and long line.
Today line at the door and only one teller behind five windows.
Two "personal bankers" sat behind desks watching the wait and their computer screens.
Curt garrett's office is so helpful.
The staff treated me and my husband like we were family.
They explained all of my coverage's and saved us a lot of money.
Their office was referred to us by our friends who have been their customer's for over 20 years.
Our friends praised the office so much we decided to see them.
What a great decision.
I only go here if i desperately need cash.
Its generally sketchy, and more often than not its pretty damn dirty.
Go there if you're in a pinch, but don't forget the hand sanitizer.
The best thing about this bank is that they make you feel like more than just another person.
They never have to ask for a manager on anything.
They are empowered and i trust they are looking out for my best interest.
They can explain all the details and make the process as easy as possible.
I went in to cancel a check and talked with a very nice lady named janet who was very helpful.
I was told to come back on monday this was a saturday.
I was told to talk to dina.
I went in and dina was busy chatting with someone else.
And it was just personal chit-chat nothing work-related.
I did call earlier in the afternoon to let them know i was coming in.
I also called janet to let her know i was coming in.
And dina who knew everything was still chit-chatting with the lady in the back.
I'm very upset my identity has been stolen and i don't feel like they were taking it seriously.
I have purchased by last 2 cars with centennial and they are wonderful to work with.
I will never step a foot in a conventional car dealer ever again!!!
Deer valley credit union has been my bank for more than 20 years.
She assisted me to great satisfaction and shared information with me to prevent future mishaps with my account.
I appreciate all of her assistance.
Service like this makes me want to continue on as a customer.
Thank you alberta :-)!
I love this bank.
Great costumer service each time i walk in.
Every other bank lacks what this bank has.
I will always use this bank.
I have been with eric james with state farm since i moved to las vegas as well as my mom.
We have two cars insured with him and our home.
We were with state farm in our previous state as well.
We have never had a car accident, speeding ticket or home problem and we always pay our bills.
Home was built in 1997.
So they said call your home insurance and this is something they should fix.
And this may have been going on for awhile and they only handle things right when it happens.
Please tell me how i was supposed to know a pipe was broken behind a wall?
Do i have my ear against the wall when i shower?
Why would i even think that?
This is unacceptable and i am just shocked.
Years of paying and no help from state farm or eric james.
He even refused to take our call or even call us back.
Never use this company or eric james.
They have disappointed us and now we will cancel our policies and go elsewhere to people who care.
Whether you need a to open or move a personal or business account this is the bank for you.
Ask for sara carlos she is the best, she takes the time to ensure you understand all your options.
Yeah f*** comerica .
Awesome, awesome customer service!
I am very happy that i made the decision to work with ryan lopez and the team at one nevada.
I did not expect that financing my first home would be this painless.
Closing costs were low and completely transparent.
I've been a member for over a year and every experience i've had has been positive.
Their online banking and billpay is extremely user-friendly.
I have several "club" accounts where i can designate money for specific purposes.
The best part is i am earning better interest here than anywhere else - including ing!
All the while, top management there was making annual salaries that i'll never see in a lifetime.
I strongly recommend azstcu.
Is it just me or do they make too many errors for a financial institution?
Crediting or debiting the wrong accounts is not unusual due to their account numbering structure.
This includes posting transactions to completely different cu members!!!
Sure they correct the errors, but there is little accountability since it happens often.
Their online system lacks in the area of availability, it seems to have issues too often.
We had an amazing and seamless experience with this business.
They work with our credit union to find exactly what we want and at the absolute best price.
Tod hale was so personable and took the time to understand what we wanted.
After a test drive and a discussion - he set about to find the right truck for us!
Thank you for your one on one attention and the delivery of the vehicle literally to our doorstep.
We highly recommend this place for your automotive buying!
Oh, and ask for tod!
I am so excited, i finally closed my account with them!
The people that work there (the red head especially) have the worst attitudes in existence.
I hate this branch with a passion.
I personally do not bank with us bank because of the terrible service i receive here.
I am forced to corporately use this bank and i dread going here.
I'm always so confused at the pretentious nature of the service.
I feel like an incredible inconvenience every time i come here to get change or make deposits.
They do not make it easy or seem they appreciate the corporate business.
Currently the two tellers are whispering about me right in front of my face.
Never do business here or any other one nevada branch.
Just opened a brand new account, was told that check deposits would take 2-3 business days to process.
After i made a check deposit in their atm, 5 business days later.
I still don't have my money.
They told me that next time i must come in person to verify my checks.
Charging me a few for services that they can't provide.
What a bunch of crooks?
Linda w. is wonderful.
She provides the highest level of customer service, professionalism, very easy to talk to and friendly.
Linda w. is an exemplary asset to one nevada cu!
Awful attitude, manager at baseline branch does not listen to complaints, she argues with customers.
They don't care if you close your account because of their fault instead of getting things right.
I've done some banking here a few times.
My last visit was pleasant enough that it should be noted here.
I came in to get a money order (i was told they could do them here).
She was very kind and had a friendly demeanor.
She told me it was directly behind the building--walking distance!
I liked that she was so nice.
I cannot for the life of me remember her name, though.
I know that she's a short blond lady, and i'm pretty sure she wore glasses.
Linda, arlene, michelle & pretty much all the reps have always been friendly & helpful.
Coming from a small town, it's nice to have that small town atmosphere in a city like this.
Not sure if this credit union has many customers.
It never seems to be busy.
The tellers are polite enough.
I do find the service here and at their other branch to be slow.
I don't bank here, but do the banking for someone else that does.
Not overly impressed with them.
Great place to get my banking done.
This place is always busy, but never had a bad or great experience.
Love love love uwcu!!!
We have moved out of wi yet we remain with uwcu!
Recently my husband & i were married & stopped at this location to open a joint savings & checking!
It was so smooth & the women who helped us was great!
I have been here in about 3 time in need of assistance of a banker.
Every time has always been a pleasant experience.
My need always taken care of.
I have been very happy with their service at this location.
This bofa drive thru is the stupidest shit i've ever seen!
Why in the hell would you make two atm's together in one drive thru?!
Cannot get wire transfers online or by phone.
Cannot speak to upper management regarding the subject.
Phone support help even said they had to know why i wanted to make the transfer ( i.e.
That is crazy big brother stuff........business people should run.
This is staff is on their a game and is always very helpful when i need to do any transaction!
This branch is all about quick service and making sure you have been helped!
The people here are very slow at their job.
I was in a fairly long line yet there was only 2 tellers available.
I will no longer be doing business here.
To top it off employees here don't seem to want to help.
I have been banking with one nevada for over 8 years now.
I have never had an issue until this year when i had fraudulent charges on my account.
Since this had never happened before i felt violated and confused at what to do.
After explaining my frustrations they were there to help, and they did.
This bank does not care about its employees or customers.
Their service is terrible, managers don't make eye contact for fear of getting yelled at.
Customers are complaining and some gave up and walked out.
Based on the reviews from several months ago, nothing has changed here.
Worse customer service from cibc!
"imperial services" is a joke!
The financial advisor was rude and didn't seem educated in the product he was trying to sell.
He kept pushing and saying i now qualify for a higher line of credit.
However he proceeded to ask for my identification documents and said they needed to run my credit background.
If i qualify why do i need to go through this process?
I love the friendly professionalism in this office.
I came here looking for a better price.
I got it plus they explained what all my coverages were.
And what that meant to me if i should have a problem.
I'd been paying for insurance and really never knew for sure what i was buying.
I felt at home in curt's office and i felt welcome.
Their service has turned out to be superior any time i need them.
Well, it's a bank :) what would i do to enhance the experience?
On january 6th i went to cash a check at arizona federal.
I was told i could only deposit a check and couldn't get cash back cause the system was down.
The lady told me to go to alaskausa federal credit union.
She said you'll have access to your funds right away.
So i went and they are holding my check until wednesday.
This has been such an inconvenience to me in so many ways.
Not only did arizona federal credit union lie to me but charged me a late fee as well.
I've been banking here for a very long time and will consider going to bank somewhere else.
They say money can't buy happiness, but it can!!
Those fools knows nothing!
Stopped by this bank to get some cash for my skinny wallet, i needed lottery money.
This location was super clean, very modern and beautiful, and overall looks like any ole chase bank.
Love all that wood and glass.
They have super high quality bulletproof glass, the best i've seen.
Their security cameras was cool too.
Just love looking at myself looking at the camera.
Makes me look like a secret agent.
Their free coffee was definitely free if you into that stuff, and their service sucks as always.
They have five windows and only use two of them.. really?
There is always long lines throughout the day and you only have two windows open...!?
I can't wait till robots take over bank tellers.
We are very close.
Overall a typical chase bank.
I will definitely be back only because this is the closest branch to me.
You lose two stars for only using two windows when you have five.
Purchased a car from cameron and honestly the easiest process i have ever gone through!
Great service and selection!
She is the perfect balance of insurance knowledge & customer service.
She has gone above & beyond with wise counsel & specific insurance guidance with automobile challenges of family members.
She was the first to educate us about an umbrella insurance policy as our assets have grown.
Pam's insurance "hat" is teacher & we have been grateful students!
Thank you, pam, at clark mantz sate farm insurance!
I hate dealing with this bank.
I've never liked their predatory lending practices and everything is a hassle; the wait times are always awful.
I would rather have dental work than to continue doing business with these people.
The final straw with these idiots was today.
They had to call a number of people to make sure my $27 was cleared.
Wells fargo -- fumble with your back office shenanigans on your own time.
I don't want to wait for 25 minutes to deposit a check into my own account.
At least they didn't try to sell me anything this time...
I suppose i should be grateful for that.
Have been here many times.
Always friendly staff and hardly any lines or waits... greet location as well.
The best place hands down for home loans.
I got a lower rate than anywhere else i shopped around at.
They were super patient and very helpful.
Great experience all around!
Every time i go into this branch, i get waited on right-a-way.
If the tellers are busy with other customers, the branch mgr.
Jos offers to assist as well.
They are always friendly and it makes me want to return again and again.
This branch is very friendly and professional.
"manager wil p." does a super job of leading his amazing staffs!
I am very well taken care of every time i come!
Keep up the awesomeness chase team!
The tellers are pretty helpful and friendly.
But what really makes this branch great is their bankers.
Each is smart and friendly.
I always get so much help from jonathan- he's my personal banker.
Can't give 5 stars because the management is awful.
Makes you wonder how everyone else got to be so helpful.
I purchased a 2008 jeep from tod hale at centennial leasing in december 2013.
It looked great .
They said it was certified and ready to go.
I met them at the arizona federal credit union and took take of the financing.
About a block from the credit union i heard and then found a large screw in one of the tires.
The head of the screw was worn.
It had been in the tire for a while.
All five needed replacing.
I went to another shop and was told the same thing.
I replaced all 5 tires and also found the serpentine belt needed replacing.
The filter was also dirty and had to be replaced.
I replaced the tires, belt, and filter and sent my son on the road back to kansas for college.
The certified inspection must not have happened.
If so,the for mentioned deficiencies would have been found.
I contacted tod  hale repeatedly and finally heard from him that he turned it over to his manager, mike hughes.
It is now fe.2014 and i have still not heard from  hughes.
Told hale said mike hughes left me a voice mail last week.
Not bad,  8 weeks after.
I found it it said this is mike hughes and left a phone number.
The same one i have been calling for 2 months.
I kept the cost down to $500.
To replace all the tires, belt and air filter.
Cheap i would say.
Mike hughes is supposed to be in his office tomorrow feb. 19th 2014.
Information :  arizona credit union stated that they use centennial because they want no problems after the purchase.
I've bank with chase bank for 5+ years already and i really enjoy using all chase atm's.
There are 2 drive-thru atm's and 1 atm inside the branch.
I like that idea which it will keep non-chase customers away from the bank.
Have used this branch for years.
They always seem to be quick, courteous, and efficient.
Sometimes they even offer a cold bottle of water for the road!
Even during signing with the escrow officer, he remarked that we "sure got a good deal."
We wish you the very best of everything, dawn!
You definitely deserve it!
I'd change banks if this was the experience i could expect from my bank.
This bank is really from a bygone era with beautifully decorated ceilings, velvet curtains, chandeliers, beautifully designed.
Everything was decorated and finished with attention to detail only possible in something of this age.
The elevator doors were a feast of images, each individual.
Surrounded in marble, i cannot imagine ever getting bored or too familiar with these elevators.
All of the interior reflected the opulence of the elevators really from the war memorials through to the entrance.
Worth a special visit as anyone can enter and take a look around during normal bank hours.
I really don't like you filling out my withdrawal slip for me.
I'm not an idiot.
I'm very capable of doing that on my own.
Justin fliek helped me on my business account.
Great service and courteous employees.
Rachael was very professional!
Very friendly and helped me out.
Thank you rachael for your patience!
I've lived in las vegas for 3 years and just recently moved back to california.
This was the nearest wells fargo to me and my banker was javier lopez.
He assisted me in many ways with my banking needs and questions.
I've never had any experience as the other individual making a review about him.
He's always treated me with respect.
I suppose some people get sensitive when they don't get exactly what they want like children.
Earlier this year (2016), my wife and i decided to buy a second house.
It turned out to be a very fortuitous referral for us, and we simply have to tell everyone about it.
The succinct description is that our recent mortgage banking experience was legendary!
This dramatic description is really not much of an exaggeration.
It never hurts to talk!
I loathe wells fargo.
Long lines, huge hassles, and employees not fit to be working at a fast food joint.
I had a nice employee once.
Every other time, my transactions are brutally trying.
I closed my personal account years ago after getting the run-around at their downtown glendale location.
Thankfully, she's not there anymore because she got promoted.
Guess what they told me?
After i pointed out the ridiculousness of this policy all i got was "i'm sorry, there's nothing i can do."
I could go on and on because every transaction at wells fargo has been somewhere between aggravating and enraging.
God awful customer service by the "supervisor" herself.
Not because of being denied, it was completely wells fargo's behalf on this to blame.
She handed me a number to call but the automatic answering system would hang up.
After coming in, the male teller claimed he didn't "work" with accounts and needed to get the supervisor.
Not accuse & assume i did something.
"not saying you did that."
Is exactly the type of thing you tell a customer when you are saying i did that.
What a crappy supervisor!
Do not come to this branch.
She needs to find a new job, she clearly dislikes customer service her and isn't good at this specific field.
My fianc and i mad an appointment in regards to finances.
We were lucky to have had rene rico as as our advisor.
She was beyond knowledgeable, answered all of our questions and went above and beyond for myself and my fianc.
People like her are the reason i'm so glad to have bank of america as my bank!
She is a gem.
Cameron was amazing from start to finish!
), and did it all with humor, good stories and a smile.
No nonsense and no fuss (well, on his part anyway).
Best car buying experience ever - by far!
Thanks for the new ride!
Stay away from this company!
Let alone, told me for 3 straight days that i'd get keys the next day...that didn't happen.
$1,500 in hotel costs...they didn't cover a penny!
The miles team (ricky especially) is horrifying, but this is my warning.
I applied and got one of your pre-paid crads to improve my credit.
I never received a bill.
I called and immediately paid the balance.
I spoke to 4 people attempting to get the 30 days late removed/changed.
I will continue to post and advise others until or if my poor treatment is corrected.
I am reviewing this bank as part of the history of montreal.
Do yourself a favor and walk in.
Appreciate the architecture and extravagance.
This place is what a hobo dreams a bank would be like.
I also used the atm.
It's a good atm.
We have had several car loans from this credit union and couldn't be happier.
Thank you for your great service.
I have been buying cars from bill levitt for about 10 years.
It doesn't matter where he goes, i'll buy the vehicle from him.
He always has my best interests at heart and doesn't pressure me into a decision i'll regret.
I always know that i'll get the best price from bill.
The great thing about centennial is that you can have any car you want!
If you're looking for a used honda pilot, he'll get it for you.
If you want a new toyota 4runner, he can get that for you!
I emailed bill, told him what i was looking for and the car was at centennial within 24 hours.
Buying the car was a breeze.
He found the best possible interest rate for me and the paperwork took 10 minutes tops.
No sitting in a finance office being high pressured into a bunch of add ons.
This will change the way that you purchase cars ... for the better!
No trapsing around car lots with the vultures descending down on you trying to high pressure you into a purchase.
All the vehicles are parked in a spotless indoor climate controlled warehouse - this is a great car buying concept.
I highly recommend bill levitt and centennial for all your vehicle needs.
I've seen the customer service here decline each and every time i've been here over the last 2 years.
They will disrespect your time and refuse to explain the delay.
I tried to speak with the branch manager who did little more than offer a hollow apology.
Not likely to return.
Really is difficult to become excited about "banks" whether it is a real bank, credit union or insurance company.
With that said cccu (or three c u) is just an exciting place to do business with.
Great service, wonderful people and terrific rates!
Try their auto buying service, it is excellent as is their used car warranty plan.
What is not to like???
Always understaffed with long waits.
Feels dead inside with no ambience and cold feeling.
Not warm or welcoming at all.
Service is nice but again 1 teller for a line of people on a friday?
Overall its a pretty good store.
Fairly clean and organized.
Great branch, i financed my rv and truck through these guys.
Everyone is so helpful and will go above and beyond for you!
This bank is consistently bad.
It's 11:40 on a thurs and there are no tellers in the branch, seriously!
Service is so hit and miss here.
Im writing this review while waiting inline.
I had to hop a flight with no cash.
I use the drive up services once a week.
The teller at the window is always friendly & efficient.
I never wait long.
She processes my transactions in a short amount of time.
She offers excellent customer service.
Drive up teller is awesome when i have the gson.
2 drive up tellers drive up atm.
Makin it easy to get at our $$
I have been to this chase location multiple times in the past few months due to purchasing a home.
While i am not doing my mortgage through chase, i do bank here and needed bank statements and documents notarized.
Every time i've gone, the employees were quick to greet me and ask what i needed.
If they couldn't help me, they would direct me to the correct person.
Every time the employees were friendly and courteous.
I was able to get in and out relatively quickly and always with exactly what i needed.
This was a great experience.
My wait has never been long and i like that.
The employees know what they are doing and are able to help customers efficiently.
I have purchased 4 cars through centennial over the past 10 years.
Every deal has been fair, honest, and includes great pricing for new cars and trade ins.
The shop around for competitive financing.
They work very fast so strap on your seat belt the minute you call!
Well, not if you bank at credit union west!
I had read about this, but thought there must be a catch.
There is no catch!
And, you really don't have to take any action.
I tried texting 4info and didn't get anything helpful.
I gave up and decided to stop at one of the tons of big name banks i kept passing.
I resigned myself to a $3 fee.
The other day, i was balancing my checkbook and i noticed they had already credited me the $3.
I didn't even call to ask how to get atm fees credited.
They saw i had been charged a fee and credited it.
Of course, i'd prefer to use a cu west atm when possible, because, as i mentioned, i'm a member.
That means i'm an owner.
Banking with a credit union just gets easier and easier!
Never ever going to another dealership again!
Why would i, when centennial sales and leasing has cameron walter.
I didn't feel like i was being taken advantage of because i was female, nor did i ever feel pressured.
Cameron is like santa, you send him your wish list and he gets busy finding your new set of wheels.
I feel he obtain the exact vehicle for my needs and price range.
Cameron really made this a less stressful process.
I just bought a dodge durango from joe at centennial.
This was the best experience i have ever had buying a vehicle.
He took care of everything!
He brought the car to my work so i could test drive it.
He handled all the paperwork and financing.
I signed papers and picked up the car, no hassle.
No merchant line and their located in a shopping center.
No type of customer service.
You shouldn't expect so much from your customers if you don't expect the same from your employees.
I walked in and got helped immediately!
I was given great advice as well as assistance on how to build my credit.
Highly recommend this location!
Jeremiah at this branch made it very easy to open a cd with them.
Kudos to jeremiah and truwest
I love wells fargo.
The people at this location always take good care of you.
I currently lost my debit card and gina was super helpful in setting me up with a new card.
There is an actual bank at this location
This branch is amazing!!!!!
The tellers are awesome and friendly.
They remember me and some even call me by name.
I also had the best loan experience.
From my primary loan to my heloc.
Dawn young is amazing and makes you feel important.
They make my family feel like family.
You have my business forever!!!
I hate bank of america with a passion.
Please just close the doors already because you obviously don't care about people in a branch.
I have been a member for a little over 4 years now.
Was with another bank before that absolutely would not work with me at all.
I have a business and am growing every single day.
I needed a bank that would work with me and grow with me.
When i went them i had one little truck.
Now i have a fleet and have finally been able to grow my business.
I go to the asu branch the most and am consistently impressed with all of the staff.
I have sent numerous friends and customers to them and they have all been happy as well.
I walk in and they know my name and really do make it personal.
I am beyond happy i made the switch to them and have not had one single problem.
Thank you for the great customer service and going above and beyond.
One nevada (craig) you have an amazing manager.
Thank you rebecca for making it easy for me, i felt relief after the meeting and explaining.
I am staying with your bank.
Suzie is an awesome lady, too.
Kudos to you both!!
I love this bank if only there were more valley locations.
This location has a security guard, atm with depositing capabilities.
I don't know if they have a night drop i just use the atm.
The branch is small but has lots of people in it to help you.
Its right next to some good food and a safeway so one stop shop and eat location!
Do not come here if you are a pregnant woman who might really need to use the bathroom.
This branch has very nice people and they are helpful.
Liked wells fargo for a long time.
No hidden extra charges you get with other banks.
When i checked my balance on a sunday afternoon, i saw i was $1.11 overdrawn by mistake.
When i got to work, i checked online banking and it showed an $35 nsf fee.
But no, oneaz dinged me on the spot on a sunday afternoon.
I was shocked, i had no clue they did this.
After reading the reviews, it makes no sense to even call to complain, they won't reverse it.
Needless to say, i closed the account, not going to be prey to that practice anymore.
What ever happen to customer service?
Kinda makes you scratch your head and go hummmm what else can i say?
I am not  fan of chase bank.
My personal accounts are elsewhere but i assist someone with their chase account and occasionally have to deal with them.
This particular location is fast, and friendly.
I've run into some ridiculous bureaucratic stupidity here but in less than 2 minutes had a manager override the nonsense.
If you must bank with chase, you'll do ok here.
After making the rookie mistake of going to traditional dealerships, we were recommended to come here by my fiance's father.
Boy, do i wish we had known of this place before starting the arduous journey of car shopping.
Todd is super friendly, accommodating, no haggle, polite, tells personal stories, etc.
We bought a car the same day and are picking it up tomorrow morning!
I am so pleased with shopping here and will purchase my next car here too.
Jeff a  can i ask you to please.
Remove the last name of this banker.
If the bank is the issue take it up with bank of america.
If its with the person write a review to him.
How would you feel if your name was on a public site.
Say what you want but leave the employees out of your issues
I would strongly discourage anyone from using this state farm office.
Their communication is severely lacking.
The billed me again (double coverage seems to be a theme at this location and agent of state farm).
In addition to not returning calls, they like to hang up on you as well.
Again, i would strongly discourage you from spending your hard earned money at this branch.
I've never been here without waiting at least 45min to 1 hour to get simple things done.
Bank of america if you have so much business/customers thats great but you should hire more bankers then only 2.
Wtf you're not a little bank, thats supper frustrating
All the staff at this location are great!!
But, suzie d is amazing.
She's been a huge help with understanding many financial situations, and has great advise!
There is usually a wait no matter what branch you go to if you need to see a personal banker.
The line for tellers usually moves quickly (unless you are in a hurry, lol).
They have a cool program where, you pay $1 and you get your credit report with all 3 scores.
Staff is very friendly and efficient here.
They can help with you with many types of products here.
Atms are also very friendly to navigate and also work with apple and android pay.
It's my first time opening an account at one nevada credit union.
She is the definition of an awesome banker!
She helped me open up an account with my personal loan.
She gave a very personable experience and i like to know that there are bankers like her around.
Now, time to switch my direct deposit.
I have experienced many greedy and uncaring insurance agents here in las vegas.
In short, they decreased my costs, and increased my coverage substantially, period.
Thanks guys, mark simpson.
Tod hale at csl just sold me a car and i couldn't be happier with the whole process.
He is kind, funny, makes it easy to do the whole financing process, etc.
As you can see, i am updating a review from 2012 now in 2018.
I went back to tod for my new toyota 4runner.
I did not even bother going to a traditional car dealership this time.
Let tod handle them if he needs to.
He will find what you are looking for even if they do not have it in inventory at the moment.
I've had my account with chase for more than 25 years.
But it took just one visit to this branch to make me switch to b of a.
That was three weeks ago.
(update: it's now several months later, and i never heard from anyone at chase again.)
Bank branches are dying because people do their banking online.
My direct deposit should be changed tomorrow, so i'll be able to close my remaining chase account.
This bad experience made the hassle absolutely necessary.
B of a made the switch a pleasure.
They at least seem to understand the power of being polite.
You're a bank !
Where is your customer service?
Great way to run of new business
I have been with them for about 10 years.
Rarely have any issues so i'll give them that.
I even had my car loan through them with a great interest rate.
I had an issue where i took my car insurance off of autopay, paid the insurance by phone.
The money was taken out anyway.
I called my insurance, they admitted it was a mistake on their part.
I go to the bank to talk about the $300 in fees they charged.
He said he'd email my branch on lake mead and nellis and talk to sunshine about getting the fees removed.
I will never bank here again.
I signed in along with another lady and they had one associate who works at the kiosk in the middle..
Meanwhile there were 3 other associates who could've been helping or if they weren't helping be in the back.
Highly recommend and definitely ask for dean!!
I would think a business would post the hours of operation esp when they are limited to begin with.
Not pleased that i need to call in order to find out what time you close.
Update info please on social accounts.
Also many closed locations are still showing as open on yelp.
I've had state farm for many many years now.
I moved to vegas and chose this agency because of the friendly staff.
I have moved all my policy's here from multiple cars to renters insurance.
They were even able to get me a great rate on a car loan.
I don't hesitate to refer any of my friends and family here looking to insure their homes or vehicles.
We just moved to this side of town and this is now our branch.
Every time i come in no matter what time or day there is always a line and only one teller.
Here i am on a friday around 3pm and there are 10 people in line and one teller again.
We own a small business and are here several times a week.
The same thing always.
Long lines one teller.
I love this side of town but boy do i miss my old branch.
There were always several tellers lines went quick and they were always so friendly.
One time when i was in people in line started complaining and the teller yelled at them.
They were not addressing her or talking out loud in general.
They were having a private conversation.
Clearly this seems to be an ongoing problem that needs to be addressed.
Where is the manager?
Not the people who have been waiting over 20 minutes.
If i could give them less than 1 star i would.
Wanted me to wait 1 hour to payoff and close my account
Drive thru atm works all the time without fail.
I wouldn't usually review a bank but this location did impress.
The only thing that stops me from giving 5 stars is that they are closed on weekends.
The service is very nice and personalized and the staff are eager to suggest solutions to your financial concerns.
And you can usually get a competitive rate if you need to refinance.
Best of all, by banking with azstcu you are keeping your money in this state and supporting local enterprise.
So glad i broke up with b of a and chase.
A lot of branches have a coin counting machines on premises that you can use free of charge.
It hasn't always been this way but it has been this way for years now.
I am at the southpark location which the suntrust website claims is open today, a saturday, from 9-12.
They are not open.
This is a clear indication of how this bank operates overall.
They don't care about their customers, this is just another business that is only about themselves.
There are banks on every corner who want your business and care about you.
Why would anyone come here???
I will definitely be making a change.
Awful service, 1 teller on duty with bankers walking around the line that is forming clear back to the door.
No one smiles, just awful atmosphere.
This location is right by my house so i go there often.
The employees are great.
There's 2 guys that once they get used to seeing you are amazing.
I mean really they crack me up!
There's tons of housewares here.
If you are a diy person like me you will always find tons of stuff to fix up back there.
I have found paint-able furniture there for cheap too.
I have scored a bunch of jewelry boxes here in good shape for cheap!
Lot's of other goodwills don't have that!
They have lots of toys and the kids clothes are generally in great shape.
Women's clothes are good.
You do find treasures!
I have got brand new original tag still attached shirts!
Men's clothing.. there are tons of dress shirts and pants.
Most are in excellent shape!
The best part though is the other people shopping.
You see the strangest people in here!
I love the women with carts full of horrible vests, stretchy pants, and god awful ugly dresses with fringe!
If you don't find treasure in here at least stick around and watch people.
Suzie d helped me open my first bank account.
She was very helpful and explained everything well and she has gotten me on track to build up my credit.
I am so happy doing my banking at one nevada credit union!
I was pleasantly surprised!
I arrived and was immediately greeted by margaret mims.
She was friendly and easy to talk to about my need for a separate account.
It only took her a few minutes to set everything up so i could start saving for our family vacation.
I was finished in just a few minutes and on my way.
Thank you margaret and one nevada for taking good care of my banking needs!!
First, the app works great!
I've maybe had it crash on me once.
You can see all your accounts, transfer funds within, and your balance increase and decrease exactly with each transaction.
Second, all the people in multiple cities that work for this bank have impressed me.
Tucson's tellers were so positive and welcoming to me as a college student.
Scottsdale's crew were so helpful and informative when i got married and my husband and i started making plans.
The phone line workers who reset passwords, help with online questions make you feel like you are very important.
Thank you so much, oneaz.
When i first walked in i was third in line.
As i continued to wait the line began to grow.
When it was my turn and the teller called me up, she apologized for the wait and was very friendly.
I completed my transaction and left.
Used the atm on a monday night.
This was never my choice of bank.
They took over my bank years ago.
Now they're saying other people can't make cash deposits to my account.
What kind of bank doesn't accept cash?
Wells fargo was very friendly when i opened my account with them.
Joe and his staff are fantastic; i get fantastic service every time i visit this branch.
Again, 1 teller 6 people in line.
They are just incompetent.
Why our company uses this bank is beyond me.
Same issues with their credit card service.
4:00 pm and no one is here, when do they think businesses make deposits.
Been in business for 10 years, 830 fico scores.
They still declined me for credit card processing account and gave no reasons.
Don't waste your time with this mickey mouse operation!
Us bank is the worst ever.
I am old enough to have had several banks over the years, and still have two others.
I can say without qualification that usbank is simply awful.
First, i attempted to set up a new checking account online.
I authorized transfer of funds from another account.
My credit is over 800, so no problems there.
I simply never heard back.
So a week later, i went in person to open an account.
The representative was very nice.
About a week later customer service called to let me know that my online application had been approved.
Of course, it was needless then, so i declined.
After all, who waits two weeks to let you give them money.
Next problem, i wrote a check on one of my other accounts to deposit into this one.
They had told me a one day hold on deposits.
Turned out to be 8 days so far.
The check cleared by other account seven days ago.
Still, usbank has failed to make it available to me.
I could understand if the check were drawn on john doe with the bank of nigeria.
Instead it was drawn on my own account and was paid eight days ago today.
Oh, i forgot, i called customer service about this problem.
A very nice lady said she would check on it and all me back within 5 minutes.
That was four days ago....still no call.
Usbank has zero customer service and may have claim to being the worst bank in the country.
However, i have only banked with twenty banks or so, thus i cannot confirm the right to that title.
Run don't walk from this institution.
He's is very professional and he truly cares about his clients and people in general!
I would always take my business to sergio.
Thank you sergio it really was a pleasure working with you and we will definitely cross paths again!
Been coming here for a while.
Good service and they don't rip you off.
They are very very slow to open so best to avoid that time of day.
Worst phone tree experience ever!!!
Even worse than comcast if you can believe that.
If you just say representative the computer asks you why you are calling, which is never relevant.
When you state your issue they say the computer doesn't understand.
After about five requests for a representative the computer will hang up.
Bank of america used to be a personal and friendly banking experience.
I have closed my accts.
With them and strongly suggest that if customer service is a value to you, bank elsewhere!
Danielle and kyle are always so helpful and kind when i come in.
Even when it's stuff i don't understand they make sure to explain it so i can understand.
Horrible branch always slow lines and rude tellers.
Not impressed with this branch.
Not sure why they are so under-staffed every time i go inside.
Never had walked out of a bank branch until now.
2 out of 10 tellers working on friday afternoon.
Not wise scheduling on management.
I called and asked, to ascertain the number on my statement is, indeed, my acct number.
I paid my taxes.
Bounced, charged $18 by the state of az, it was 'the wrong #'.
Got the money reversed with the state.
They don't 'put the last 3 numbers on the statement in case someone gets a hold of it'.
Went and closed 2 accts.
Mgr in his ofc right next to where i was standing.
No one else in bank.
Therefore, he heard, but def the teller heard me say i want to close my accounts.
No one asked 'why'.
No one tried to keep my business.
But not addressing the issue.
They have said for over a decade they are 'working on getting quickbooks' downloadable via computer.
Someone said they shred for free, i'll see, i have a lot of shred.
And i will see if chase can match the car loan deal.
Chase gives free accounts to vets.
Arizona state credit union gives headaches.
One more thing, doesn't it make you wonder why they changed their name?
Doesn't it sound fishy to you?
I left a 17 year relationship with bank of america for compass in oct. 2012.
I'm very happy with the customer service i receive every time i stop by.
I highly recommend them as being a yes bank instead of a no bank.
We were in the market looking for cars.
I talked with cameron, hope i spelled his name correctly, we had a great conversation and even better meeting.
I would highly recommend this company to my friends and family.
We weren't high pressured or hassled.
It was one of the most pleasant times i have ever had buying a car.
Big thumbs up to cameron and the guys at centennial leasing and sales.
I received excellent customer service from maria moran!
She was very thorough in explaining all the details of the different services they have to offer.
She took the time to ensure i chose the right checking account, by explaining in detail how each one works.
We used them for our orginal loan and our refinance.
Ricky knows what he is talking about he is knowledgeable and anwsers questions.
He did a couple things that made me upset i told him and he fixed them and made everything right.
He has an awesome team working for him.
They are patient and always anwser your questions.
If they are unsure of an anwser to your question they will find out the anwser and call you back.
They where quick with getting our loan done also.
Will use then agian!
This location is great !
It's heading right into blakney from one direction and heading towards ballantyne in the other.
Perfect spot and never long lines.
Now, they are slow !!
I will be the only car on the drive through and it still takes them 5 minutes.
Got a vehicle loan with them.
Worst experience ever, no customer service, all in all just a worthless company with terrible employees.
I telephoned bank of the west today about a pending financial transaction.
Great marks all the way around for miss elvie - bank of the west is lucky to have her!
Everytime i've been to a uw credit union, i am always so pleasantly surprised at how nice everything is.
Great people providing great service!
Stopped into this branch recently to pick up a cashiers check.
In addition to the lack of a line, the service was friendly, fast and provided with a smile.
The facility was clean and the drive up atm looked to be getting renovations.
I will definitely visit this location again.
There were at least 8 or more employees who did nothing.
I feel they should be trained to deal with this situation.
There also was no security guard!
I cannot believe how difficult it is to do business with this credit union.
I have my auto loan through them, and they can do literally nothing over the phone.
My first interaction with customer service was actually really good when my account first overdrafted.
I called and the gentleman i spoke with understood my frustration and refunded the fees.
I have never felt so awful in my entire life and i hope azfcu fails miserably
Oh yes laurie with joshua smith group!
Don't go anywhere else but centennial!
Of course he's used to 1930s-1960s technology so that could explain it.
You should see him with old tube-type radios!]
You don't have to be arizona federal credit union customers to shop here but it sure couldn't hurt.
And did i mention how honest and non-hassling they are?
Do yourself a favor, never ever go anywhere else but centennial.
If they don't have it they can get it!
And ask for eric and tell him deb sent you...
It is saturday, 10:46 am.
This is truly a bank where customers come last.
Opened an account here today and received excellent customer service from peggy.
Overall, a great experience and i would definitely recommend this location.
I recommend them highly!
And if you are in there regularly enough, they remember who you are and are always willing to help!
Absolute garbage will not work with you on any loans.
Will hold you hostage and freeze your accounts.
They froze mine on an account that my dad opened up for me when i was a kid.
I kept using it for 20 plus years i didn't know his name was on my account.
So my dad had to foreclose on his house because he got laid off.
So unknowingly they held my account hostage to get his payment when it was my money that i earned.
That's how they do business.
This credit union was highly recommended by several people.
The telephone center is not helpful.
50% of the time i am wasting my time calling them because they either can't or won't help.
I've been banking with this bank since i was 14 when i got one of my first jobs and loblaws.
I can say that i've never had a problem with this bank.
I personally would recommend this bank, but please read the rest of my review.
I recently experience a mild case of identity theft.
Not too bad - the companies involved stopped the charges or refunded the money that had already been taken.
But i did cancel my debit card and visit my nearby branch.
I entered with two out of state checking accounts, a recent large deposit, and a barely used checking account.
I was helped this afternoon by the senior personal banker, monica l. she was incredible.
Very personable, patient, and helpful.
She explained everything, made recommendations, and helped me put my accounts in the best position to work for me.
I came away with an arizona checking account and a money market account.
The two out of state accounts will be transitioned out once the fraud charges have been restored.
I have been a boa customer for 8 years, but rarely use their services other than online.
I have always heard credit unions are great banks for car loans and other financial needs.
I financed my vehicle through cu west...and it was nothing but a bad experience.
I would not recommend using them for any financial services.
Kyndra was extremely helpful.
I would recommend one nevada credit union to anyone.
This place is horrible as far as getting customers in and out .
Too many young clerks too.
Not to mention this branch always stinks!!!!!!!
Worst customer service ever so slow they have many window and no tellers.
Well they have 1 but they have 5 people in cubicals behind them just talking instead of helping the customers.
It's only 10 am and still they can't help the customer i would hate to be here during rush hour.
Already 45 min wait to get to the window maybe during their busy time a 5 hr wait.
If there could be less than 1 star for karinas customer service skills, i would put it.
She talks down to people and she talks to them like she's stupid.
But unfortunately she is far from it.
As a manager of my own company, customer service is the number one priority.
She needs to be trained by someone who has amazing customer service skills like the tellers like jessica or diana!
They both have been nothing but kind and accommodating to their customers.
So to end on a good note i love both jessica and diana and go to them with issues.
I scoured the internet to find the bank or credit union that was offering the lowest rate.
If you've recently purchased a car, then you'll know how terrible rates are right now.
Since that was the lowest rate i could find, i decided to submit an application.
I drove up to the location off the i-17, and submitted an application with jennifer.
She was very friendly and made the process very easy.
Unfortunately, because i arrived so near to closing, a decision wouldn't be available until the next business day.
Not a problem, i happen to have two parents with phenomenal credit, and a robust history to back it up.
My dad called jennifer and submitted his information with my application.
Unfortunately, that same day, my dad suffered a detached retina, and was scheduled for an immediate surgery.
This clearly left him unable to visit the branch with me, anytime soon to sign paperwork.
Shortly after, my mom called jennifer to replace my dad on the application as my cosigner.
I was so impressed by her prompt service and attention to detail.
I have both my auto loans through one nevada.
Thank you suzie for everything.
We recommend one nevada to all!
Great credit union to work with.
Did not appreciate the experience i had in applying for a loan.
I received what i consider to be very poor service.
I came to this branch on a saturday to cash a check.
The teller told me they had run out of cash.
I thought she was joking,  one star for this being totally ridiculous & hilarious.
No money at a bank.
We love tod so much that fate must have not wanted us to part ways so soon.
He again comes through for the husband, in almost record time.
All while meeting the husband's type and my $$ criteria for a replacement.
Now here's hoping we can keep these vehicles for a while.
3 vehicle purchases from tod in 2 years is my limit.
Lol   thanks again tod and kelly!
Psa - just say no to impatient and distracted driving!
I've had the worst experience at oneaz cu then any i've ever had at any bank or credit union.
Representative farrah smallcanyon in the heloc department provided the worst service i've ever received.
She failed to get back to me on many occasions.
She failed to answer my questions.
We had many other options.
However, oneaz told us we were approved and there would be no problems.
I will never, ever, recommend anyone to do business with a this business again.
They completely lack business morals and ethics!
I didn't read the reviews until now when i'm standing in line.
I am the 14th person in line.
Two, yes, two tellers working.
I say fire the manager and get someone who knows how to treat their customers.
I needed to make a deposit and this was the nearest place for me to go.
I'm not the biggest fan of pnc banks, but this one was pretty decent.
I appreciate the newer atms that you do not have to have an envelope.
It makes it so much easier and is less waste for the environment.
A couple of beeps and boops and i was done.
Made it so much easier for me than having to fill out a basically useless envelope.
15 people in line and only one bank teller working?
Been standing here for 15 minutes and only one person has been helped so far.
Get your act together bofa!
The lines are always long and the employees today were rude!
I am so done!
In all the years i have visited this branch only once can i remember meeting one or two friendly employees.
I have two other branches in the area that i can visit with nice employees.
In my book a few would be less than 10 minutes thank you very much!
B of a has failed the customer service test at this branch.
I always have an excellent, friendly experience at this branch.
Everyone is always very knowledgeable and helpful with my banking needs.
Today rebecca was not only friendly, she was very efficient with my visit.
In and out of her office within 5mins.
I love banking here and will continue to do so because of the staff and the amazing app.
This one isn't so busy and was able to fix some problems going on.
Short and simple, but most importantly quick and not a huge pain.
Gonna come to the branch instead of talk to people on the phone.
It ended up much easier and was able to fix the issue.
What an amazing experience coming here today!
First off it's 118 degrees yes i'm not lying 118!!
That's what you call amazing service.
The tellers were quick, efficient and friendly!
I'll definitely be back.
Thank you wells fargo
This should be a -5 star review!
This is the worst bank in the entire world!
The people at the drive are completely incompetent.
I sent it over and she says there are no deposit tickets.
I then try to tell her and she asks there were two checks?
She fumbles around and finally another teller comes to finish the transaction.
The same thing happened 2 hours previous for another account with 2 cash transactions.
This has actually happened continually for the past few weeks.
I would just go to another branch but alas...there isn't one any closer.
I would change banks but we have too many accounts there.....
The best customer service i received here was during my account cancellation.
I was asked to send in a copy of my social security card through e-mail!
I attempted to order checks three times!
I never received checks or a decent customer service experience, until i cancelled my account that is.
Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
I use bank of america for our business.
Unfortunately, the closest branch to mountains edge is this location.
I dread going here everyday.
All i ever need to do is make a deposit, 1 min transaction max.
There is a consistent line in this place.
You would think having 3-4 people in front of you would be no big deal, right?
The tellers (never more than 2) but usually only one, are soooo slow.
I have to practice the art of patience every time i walk in the door.
To make matters worse they have 3 guys that walk around and always seem to be doing nothing.
They have someone stationed at the door that would be much better served as an additional teller.
Something tells me that management is lacking in this branch.
She said that they had a lot of people leave.
Why would anyone stay in that type of environment?
I gave 2 stars because the tellers are generally friendly.
I think i'll be going to the southern highlands branch from now on even though it's further away.
Stay away from this branch unless you have time to kill!
Lemme tell ya something!!
The staff ( corie, danielle, maria, sarina and becca) at the craig branch is flat out getting in done!
Ya know, they will tell ya the whole truth and nothing but the truth!!
If it can be done!!
They get it done!!
Well, they try really hard to get it done within the limits of their business practice and ethics.
Thanks ladies for doing what you do in the manner you do it!
Sincerely, glory travel las vegas, nv
Absolutely love this credit union.
Today i was helped by joanna she was very helpful and friendly and took care of everything quickly.
If you are considering switching to a credit union this is the best!
Btw this is my first yelp review.
Go see for yourself!
I've been using this branch for several years now.
It's nice to visit because i always feel very welcome here.
Everyone is very helpful and it's nice to have in a bank because not all banks are like that.
The credit union west branch on dunlap was about as helpful as i've seen in a cu.
They seem to focus on making customer's lives as easy as possible.
If you're looking for competent, friendly, local service on your loan, do not go here.
Best credit union/bank.. join you won't regret it.
I will be a lifetime member!
The company provides a lot of locations around the city.
I don't have an account with them, but i use the atm services once in a while.
Centennial is the way used car buying should be.
Centennial has a no hassle business model - offers fair pricing, amazing customer service and a true no pressure experience.
Truly excellent people to deal with and the next time i need a car it'll be my first stop.
No atm inside of establishment!!
First off i come in looking for it, not a single one in sight?!
What kind of bs is that?!
So i walk in & ask a teller, they just plain stared at me like i wasnt speaking clear english.
Ignoring my question, they had asked me what can they help me with today.
What the flying fuck was that?!
What the hell is going on?!
I never curse in my reviews, but this frustrated me so bad i couldn't contain my anger.
So i asked for a manager in charge.
He was nice and understood my irritation and pointed me to the right direction.
Apparently they have an atm across the street.
Like why can't it have a drive thru behind it or at least inside?!
Customer service was terrible to begin with.
First and last time @ this ridiculous location.
Arrived using the drive through, was in and out in 3 minutes and 19 seconds!
Used it just as quickly purchasing acai bowls and 40oz malt liquor for the entire fam.
Will definitely return as needed.
Basically i make all my ebay deposits and transfers here.
I really love the convenience of the location.
The afcu fam here is very friendly and cooperative.
I have yet to have any problems with any of my accounts with them and dig their low rates.
They are located inside of the smiths here, making it a very easy shop and deposit spot for me.
Everyone is so helpful & kind always willing to take the time to listen to my questions and concerns.
In calgary it didn't make sense since there is only superstore to shop at.
But here in toronto there are so many loblaw options that it seemed like the right move.
The information seemed to be in line and the people i talked to said they loved pc financial.
So i took the dive and switched my banking over to pc and had my paycheque changed over also.
Now before i get any further here let me state that everything after this point was a customer service issue.
It has nothing to do with the fact that pc financial is not a full service bank.
I believe that pc financial is a very smart business and has a well executed strategy.
At this point i asked for her to escalate me to a supervisor.
The supervisor was much more helpful, but not in the least bit empathetic, in trying to come up with solutions.
I was nowhere near happy.
Isn't it the customer service person's job to try to keep new business?
So basically the issue here is that there wasn't really any customer service provided by pc financial.
There was no empathy and no understanding.
Worst experience for the entire process.
Please save yourself and avoid this place.
Two and a half hours to get approved for a loan when i was a previous customer.
You would think that would speed up the process.
During that long wait no one bothered to tell me about title fees or anything else.
If i paid the balance remaining in full i should not owe a penny!
Again no one cared.
I love this branch.
Kathy is very helpful, she always does a great job with helping me with all my needs.
I would highly recommend this branch.
Absolutely ridiculous experience and they actually wanted me to sign up for an account with them.
I'll never go back to a bank of america now!
They need some serious training..
If i could give zero stars, i would.
Time for a serious look at this corporation by national bank examiners.
Try and not go on a saturday because the place is packed!
Also it is an extremely small parking lot and may be difficult to find a spot.
Do not use their atm  attempted to withdraw $ for a bike cab when in phoenix using my bank's card.
Their atm proceeded to charge me the withdraw amount plus $3 but game me no money.
When calling the branch to ask for atm reconciliation, nobody picks up the phone.
After about 30+ tries, i reached a girl who told me only the phone support number could start this process.
I was just sent to the start of the 800 menu again.
Was not able to reach anybody after another 10 calls, i gave up defeated but still victorious.
Victorious in the fact i don't have a bank account with these unresponsive a holes.
Thank fsm for local banks!
Worst customer service ever.
I am appalled at the way i was treated.
I even called corporate and they said they where looking into other complaints.
I will no longer do business with this bank.
Credit unions from now on.
The best in town.
Highly recommend sergio becerra to anyone that's looking to buy a house and need a loan officer.
Kept me informed at all times and made my process very smooth and easy.
Keep up the amazing work guys.
A: if you are the blue diamond location of bank of america, the correct answer is 2.
First time with the credit union and so far its been all good!
Been banking at another bank for years and i wish i would of switched a long time ago.
Credit union west was recommended to me for a home equity loan.
Did all of the approval stuff via email and phone but had to go to a branch to do signatures.
I was so impressed that the branch closest to me (dunlap) stayed open until 6 pm on a friday!
How convenient for people that work until 4 and can't easily leave during their shift.
I had an appointment but ended up getting there 20 minutes early.
They saw me right away anyway and i didn't have to wait even a minute.
Very satisfied with the whole experience!
The staff at this location are professional, helpful and humble.
If you need an account, do not hesitate to speak to vanessa, jody, tito or ken.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that does not have an account thanks with a different bank.
Thank you for service!
I would give this place a 10/10 for customer service.
Especially melissa who remembered my name after only coming to this location only before.
She took the time to answer all of my questions and make sure i was well informed.
I would definitely come back to this location again for that 5 star service!
So heres another update.
I had no money on my daughters 4th birthday because i still had no card.
I finally ended up getting my card, called to activate it and spoke "yes" to keeping my old pin.
Never let me use my pin and kept saying invalid so i used credit and it worked.
I guess when i did that it deactivated my card.
I am sick of it and going in first thing tomorrow and getting my money out.
Never put your money in that place.
That bank people sucks they try take your money watch out and count your money wen u live this place
I first called them to schedule an appointment.
It was currently 1017 and i was 5 mins away.
I explained my situation that i had just called but she insisted i didn't and wanted to prove her point.
I was then politely greeted by miguel who was very professional and did a great job.
It took him all of 5 mins to issue the new card.
He then went an apologized for dalia.
I overheard some employees arguing about a chair to sit in.
I'd say overall experience is 0 stars but miguel made it worth it.
Best rate and lowest fees i found for vegas.
Everything was quick easy and smooth from start to finish.
I've always had bad experiences, no one is smiling no one acknowledges you when they walk by you.
It's always busy not enough workers!
Maybe i should ask what their definition of "soon" is.
Come on credit union - put an option for entering your own fast cash limit and saving it.
You had it before!
Customer service, remember that?
Do something good for a change to help your customer.
I have been with arizona state credit union for 10+ years.
This is the valley, why are there no arizona states here on the west side at all?
In the east valley there are a ton?
My card was deactivated because they had a security breach so issued everyone new cards.
I never got mine (that's one).
Called up had another sent.
Two weeks, i still don't get one(that's two).
I call again they said i never called to get a new card sent.
So they send again.
Still no card (that's three).
She says i must have a mail carrier problem with an attitude.
She then just says the same thing like a robot. "
I must have a mail carrier problem."
She will not give me a free of charge rush order for yet another card.
Will this get to two months now without my money?
Do you know how many late fees i have, non payments?
I have been borrowing money from family to feed myself and my child.
I am beyond anymore words about it.
Its not my fault you don't have a secure institution.
I really did like this bank that's why i have had them so long.
This experience has told me that there are major underlying issues though with this bank.
I will have to change banks to something by my house.
This is by far the worst bank i have ever been in.
Only reason i come here is to send my mother money.
Lines take way too long.
It's too the point that i'm asking my mother to switch banks now.
Because of this branch you're losing customers from different states now.
Fix your customer speed of service.
I went in to make changes to my account.
She was even able to quickly get me a crisp $50 bill to send to my nephew for his birthday.
It reminds me why i bank here!
I went here to open a second chance checking account.
The staff at this location were really nice.
It was super easy to open an account.
They went over every single detail of every facet of their website.
It took twice as long as it should have which was a bit annoying.
* all transactions hit your account immediately, so you don't have to worry about being overdrawn.
Cons for second chance checking: * they charge you a fee of $20 a month.
* none of their locations carry cash or have a teller.
In other words, if you want to cash a check, withdraw cash, etc.
You have to do it through an atm.
* they hold all checks for 5-10 days, no matter how large it is.
* you have a daily purchase limit - i don't even know exactly what it is, i think it's $450.
This is a pain if you need to make a large purchase.
My review is in regards to home loans.
That is not my experience with chase, especially this location.
I have worked with loan representative, matthew fitzpatrick, for a couple of years.
There are no other "big banks" i would refer other than chase, and most specifically matthew.
Always a long line and 1 or 2 tellers at a time.
And don't bother using the drive thru.
They use the tellers from the front so it's just as slow.
This branch, like all bofa branches is horrible.
They are always short staffed and the line is to the door.
All other bank employees do nothing to reduce the line except say "welcome in".
I would never bank with them.
Now they are not accepting cash deposits into other people's accounts unless you have a bofa account.
Let me say that again... a us bank does not accept us legal tender unless you give them your business.
Unbelievable what they think they can get away with.... do not bank here for any reason.....
When trying to pay e bills on android it takes up to 5 days for recipient to get payment.
Why can't it be immediate?
Oh well back to physically going into the bank to make a payment.
He found exactly what i was looking for, and got me a great price on my truck.
I highly recommend !!!!!
Only has one person working most days at the counter.
No drive through option either.
There will be about 7 people in line and one lady standing around doing nothing.
They used to be really fast and it has gone down hill in the last year.
I have had credit union west since 1994.
I use them for checking, savings, and auto loans.
Tod hale is one of the best!
He made this car buying experience the best i've ever had.
His attention to detail, and his willingness to help you get the car you actually want is, unrivaled.
I would recommend him times out of times!!
He asks what you want, and don't want, then goes to work to make your dreams come true.
Line is soooooooo long.
Came here earlier and left because i did not have time.
Came again 2 hours later and still line is long.
Only 2 tellers all the time.
Waiting in line for 1 hour
The costumer service here is very slow.
But that wouldn't even be a big deal.
It's the atms that drive me crazy...
They refuse to accept any cash whenever i go there.
But i will go to the nearest location in gilbert and that will always take my cash first try.
Don't waste you're time here, go somewhere slightly farther, but definitely faster and more reliable.
They are not open on saturdays.
This bank locations in charlotte are very inconvenient.
They need to have more banks open on saturdays.
Kerrye has been a tremendous help!
She is so sweet and kind and extremely helpful.
She really cares about our needs and does what she can to make it happen!
The staff, specifically the assistant branch manager  crystal mcgovern-slagel  creates a bitter environment.
Wretched people have no business working with the public.
Completely void of basic logic, quick to judgment, and emotionally compromised.
Other branch employees may be nice enough, but not worth it overall at all.
I am a busy individual and i urgently required information to aid me in making a more informed decision.
She had a caring approach and is a true professional.
Cindy burgoz is what i call the epitome of quality customer service.
Please accept my gratitude towards her and your firm for the efficient service provided.
Eric james was so wonderful to me and my mom.
My father passed away after a long battle with cancer.
He had an insurance policy with state farm.
My mom was literally cut off financially until all the paperwork and processing was done.
We didn't know that it would take a couple of months for her to receive any funds.
Mr. james was so professional but sincerely compassionate to us.
His staff was very caring and attentive.
He did all of our paperwork in a day and we received my dad's insurance payment the following monday.
I highly recommend eric james for any and all of your insurance needs.
He was truly a godsend when we needed him most!
Never recommend this bank!!!
They lie to customers, steal your money
The teller brooke is so sweet.
She definitely goes out of her way to make sure the customer is happy.
Thanks for making my day.
Cccu- n. decatur branch deserves 5 stars.
I got my home loan here (was recommended by my friend).
Dawn, the home loan specialist has made my experience flawless, a positive one.
But most of all dawn in cccu offers the best rate/ low apr.
I would not hesitate to approach her again for a car loan in the future..
I have been banking here for over 20 years and have been happy with the service and convenience.
Been with this branch for 8 years and have never thought about switching.
The customer service is excellent and tito, the manager, is always outgoing and helpful.
I have been a member of this credit union since 1993.
However, retrieving information and having transactions recorded properly has been a consistent problem over 24 years.
The past 30-days was the worst ever.
I sent three payments electronically.
I'm closing all accounts here as soon as is feasible.
One star for the drive thru atm (and because i can't give it zero)
This is the worst bank of america i have ever been in.
So, far i have been waiting  far 20 minutes in line.
There are about 20 people in line and only two tellers.
Despite long line, no one bothers to add more tellers.
The tellers are reduculously slow.
Why do businesses not care about their reputation any more?
I will never go back to this bank.
Do not bother coming here unless you don't mind standing in lone for 20 minutes.
But they need more staff.
The staff don't answer the phone so you have to come here and talk to staff in person.
This is my favorite one nevada location!
Suzie was excellent helping me apply for my first loan and credit card!
The staff here is knowledgeable and kind!
The worse bank ever!!
Wont ever go back to the branch again!
& the manager never came when i asked for him..
They need to seriously either hire different ppl or close down
Horrible customer service and bank.
Vanessa is the only one that always provides he best service.
What kind of dealer was she trying to assume.
Very rude and unprofessional since i wasn't at the window.
She kept flirting with my cousin's husband too.
All of the employees are super rude at this location.
Good riddens rapid cash on maryland parkway
Friendly and efficient, what not to like?
Parking was good, i would give it a 5 star if exiting the parking lot was not confusing, hahaha
I enjoy having my debit card and credit card with them!
They are helpful over the phone and provide great benefits.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
I made the best financial decision by banking here!!!
Corie the bank manager is amazing and very informative.
I cannot say enough great things about this organization and the people who work there.
Her excellent customer service is top notch and all the other girls are wonderful too.
I highly recommend this credit union to everyone!
Poor or no customer service.
It's there job as teller to assist and be efficient.
They take too long chatting with co-workers or customers.
No smile, no apology,  nothing.
This is why tellers will become obsolete.
Everyone will just do everything online instead.
Came here to refinance my vehicle and destiny was very helpful.
Understaffed, slow service, and lines too long!
Every time i come here now the line is almost out the door.
I have posted a review on google, and i felt like this group of people needed more praise.
Sergio was great to work with!
As a realtor, it is crucial to have good communication with your loan officer.
Sergio was always available and responded very quickly to calls, texts, and emails.
He truly cares about his clients and takes great care in providing them with the best service possible.
We asked why and there own staff, customer service and internal departments could not provide an answer.
Perhaps they don't like brown people, maybe its just muslims...i dont know and dont care to speculate any more.
Go find a bank that actually cares about your needs and your small business.
Cibc is not that bank.
I can say enough good things about this branch.
I recently got hit with fraud on my account, and was notified as soon as it happened.
I went in and talked to linda.
Thank you very much
It is good bank.
This area not too much people .
I always could coming no appointment, good way .
Despite my opinions i must say that i find this specific branch to be the one to go.
My experience with setting up new accounts, buying money orders or just having a question answered have all been positive.
If i can give them negative star i would.
Waiting there for an hour for teller, 10 other ppl behind me and they don't do anything.
Short hair lady in the back of teller just eating and drinking wow!!
Is this bank of america or some restaurant???
Greeted by two friendly and pleasant employees... great experience
I have "banked" at crdit unions for over 40 years.
They are not as "greedy" as banks.
We use azscu in payson and the staff is excellent.
Great personalized service, they know us and never send us away displeased.
I would give them 5 stars except for the dollar limit on web bill pay.
There's no drive thru which is fine,  all the tellers are speedy and friendly.
But every sign in there is in spanish.
(which there should be) but when english speaking customers can't read anything it is frustrating.
I have been a member with cccu since i was a child.
We walked into the brand new decatur branch and met with dawn young.
We were never confused about anything that was before us.
Although along the way, i think it was the processor, chianti?
I immediately contacted dawn and she apologized and handled everything for us.
We skipped emailing back the processor and just dealt with dawn as it was much easier that way.
I just wanted to point out an amazing employee who truly cares about her members!
For any loan needs .....please go see dawn at the decatur branch.....you will be treated like royalty!!
My husband i are thoroughly please and would recommend cccu  & dawn for any home loan needs!
My dad happens to bank here and i had to become the poa.
My god worst bank experience.
I was referred to centennial leasing and sales from my credit union and the rest is history.
I explained to my sales guy, cameron, my needs and the type of car i desired.
He made many great recommendations.
When i finally made a decision on the car type, trim and color, cameron made it happen!
He found the exact car and had it delivered.
The purchasing process was easy, stress free and fast.
I want to thank cameron for a great car buying experience!
Unfortunately i have to agree with some of these negative reviews.
They missed the closing date even though it was a long 3 month escrow.
When they realized their mistake they declined the loan.
I let them know i would seek damages and they asked why since i had never been approved.
I provided my approval letter from them and they did the loan.
2) the previous comments about not recognizing deposits on the weekend is interesting.
You were wrong that they are behind the times and correct that they make money off of stealing from members.
They charged me an nsf fee for a pre scheduled transaction that came out on sunday.
So they do process withdrawals on the weekend.
They have the lowest level of competence of any bank i've ever dealt with.
No wonder they are running huge hiring campaigns and changed their name.
Super friendly service today by the banker who helped us open a savings account!
As soon as we walked in, the manager came on out and asked us what we were there for.
He told us to have a seat and that the banker would be right out.
The whole process didn't take long and the banker was beyond friendly.
She was patient and answered all our questions!!!
Why this particular branch?
Figure out what is wrong with this branch.
How many bad reviews do you need?
I usually just leave.
And no one in the branch cares at all.
This efficient, somewhat spartan outpost of the sinoanglo financial giant is surprising considering the yorkville location.
Had a good experience when signing up for account.
Treated me like a "criminal" pretty much.
So you are accused before they ask you what's going on or if you know what's going on...
Went in to this office, cause it was the closest office to precott az.
Walked in and was waited on right away.
My needs were met.
No problems and felt good when i walked out.
Long time ( 28 yrs.)
Recent first visit to this branch was very pleasant.
No waiting, very friendly management.
They have really stepped up there customer service experience.
Monday at 11:30am this branch had only 1 non-teller employee to assist patrons.
We waited 35 minutes and left.
This bank all in all is horrible.
They lied about receiving a $150 bonus, which is the only reason i opened the account.
Never got the bonus, just a bunch of bs and lies.
They blocked my husbands card for no reason other than sitting in our living room attempting to make a purchase.
I reported my card stolen over a month ago, and i've yet to receive my new card.
Stay away from this crappy bank.
I felt so disrespected and mistreated....
I walked in to open a business checking with all my paper work and opening deposit.
Not only did she brush me away.
The retail banking manager told me to leave my number and someone will call..what tf is going on.
My cousin, uncle and step mom.
I feel as if i was pre-judged.
I have reported this to the corporate office no call back
Do not use this company!
The short: an afcu location that's conveniently located, for some of us, outside the 101 beltway.
The pros: - friendly customer service.
- decent car-loan rates.
- organized and modern interior.
- ability to do same-day replacements for stolen or lost debt cards.
- tons of sister branches.
The cons: - never has enough people staffed during busy hours.
- ofen has too many people staffed when slow.
- charges account fees.
- not enough afcu locations.
Interesting fact: i'd give them four stars if they'd do a better job of scheduling.
This bank is generally okay.
I only come here due to work.
The ladies that work here are careless, rude, and unapologetic to those that are frustrated.
Everyone here just seems very unhappy and fake when they are.
I appreciate great customer service being provided all the time but sadly this place does not give that
Just made a major transaction with/for our parents who are in need of assistance in their advanced years.
Tara was an amazing help.
This bank made my parents feel like people and not numbers or money.
Thank you for caring for our parents.
Do not recommend this location!!
She asked two... now three...
I mean four associates for help.
A line is building up behind me and her customer service is highly lacking.
Will not return to this location.
I was using this location to make our business deposit on my way home.
This is a busy location and very poorly staffed!!
I have waited in the drive thru and no one every came even though the green light was on.
I have seen customer's leave the drive through (like i have) and go inside.
You go inside and the people are friendly but lines are long because they have 2 tellers!
Please get some staff there!
Cibc deserves 0 stars, too bad i have to give them atleast 1 star.
Will never ever bank with cibc or simplii.
Both are the same and both suck.
We have been working with this agency for many many years.
I also find state farm's rates to be the best with the best coverage.
I was at chase bank yesterday.
I can't verbalize how nice it is to find such a caring staff.
They went out of their way to help me and i really appreciate it.
Thank you so much !
Being a resident of this city, i've gone to the branch several times trying to give it a chance.
A few of those times the tellers are so non-attentive.
At one point, she told me why don't i go to the atm to take care of the transaction.
I said, if you say that to every customer, you'll be out of a job.
Which wouldn't be a bad thing.
I will drive the extra 15 min.
To the b of a in henderson on heather ridge where they go out of their way to help you.
Boulder city employees should go there for training.
Large branch for all you personal and business banking needs.
Drive thru in the back.
This review is for the west sahara branch.
Every time i attempted to make a transaction with this branch there was a new manager to deal with.
The tellers were friendly and efficient, but when transactions mattered the most, i give them "f".
My savings and checking accounts were linked from the beginning.
(i have never had a nsf check previously at any banking institution!)
Then, they transferred funds from checking to cover the $29 nsf charge.
He chose to close both my accounts rather than be professional and fair.
I would never recommend this savings account to anyone!!
I have been with macu for almost 10 years now.
I value their work and that is why i bank with them.
Ps  please open another branch on the south side of town.
I've recently moved to las vegas from indiana.
Eric and his staff made the transition smooth for me.
His team has been very helpful.
They are friendly and attentive.
Once again...worst insurance company ever.
I think it's time to go.
Exact words,  so unprofessional.
I like it but then i don't.
I'm young and i'm a little new to actually doing business with this bank on my own without my parents.
I'm 19 and i've technically been with them since i was an infant.
What i like is that they're very friendly.
The staff are really passionate with their jobs.
But i feel like i get cheated too.
Not only that but they like to charge my account $7 for every time i transfer money to my account.
I honestly trust no financial institute.
You're better off with managing your own money because you can do whatever you want.
I'm getting sick of all these silly little fees because this is money me and others work hard for.
Not just this branch, but the corporation in general is super helpful.
Alerted of fraud, but i was unable to go to the beach because i'm out of town in college.
Even gave me the addresses of the nearest sister branches i could go to to retrieve money from my account.
Worse customer service i've ever experienced from a credit union.
Accusations, no follow ups, lies and very poor attitude
As a local realtor i send all of my clients to kristine.
There is no better place in the valley!
Use to be a 5 star!
Now they are going to start charging a checking account fee.
They said that they have too many accounts that aren't being used enough!
Close the ones that have been abandoned.
You already have that as a rule.
For the customers that do use their checking accounts; many have to watch every single dime right now!
We can't just make ten debit card transactions for the heck of it just to avoid this ridiculous fee.
Also, with so many people being out of work right now they do not have direct deposit anymore!
People are struggling terribly right now and they can't afford to pay arizona state credit union a disgusting fee.
I guess they need to drop the name "credit union" and replace it with "bank".
What a sad day!
This bitch was having a convo for 30 minutes with her co worker and wasn't helping no one!
Cashier's check easily obtained with no account but a credit card with them.
Nice, friendly, easy, and welcomed me to az :).
Jose, naira, and kiyanna are always so welcoming.
I only frequent the bank once a monthly maybe and for them to remember was pretty surprising and appreciated.
I was referred to centennial leasing, by a relative that purchased two cars from cameron.
I have never had such a smooth vehicle purchase.
I would definitely recommend centennial and cameron, if you're in search of a vehicle.
Huge location with only two teller windows, no drive through teller windows either.
All the space is taken up with cubes and desks to speak with a banker.
We expect the bank to open up when it says to open.
I was referred to one nevada by a friend and wanted to say the service i received was incredible.
Thank you for taking the time to help me understand what one nevada has to offer.
You turned my day into a better one.
Great friendly service from rebecca.
They ask for yelp reviews on the monitor at this branch.
You'll notice because the line is always 15 minutes or more deep and never more than 2 tellers working.
The tellers often engage in conversation in lieu of speeding the line.
And to make it worse, the azfcu debit cards are so cheap that they wear out in a year.
I'm considering a different credit union because i do not enjoy any of my experience with azfcu at this point.
We appreciate how the process was so quick in closing and for answering our abundance of questions.
We will certainly recommend you at one nevada credit union.
Come here and deposit or withdraw money.
Its odd how they can have no middle ground so either you love them or hate them.
I have moved on.
But i wont forget the trouble that i had with this discount provider of banking servces.
You know what you get for nothing?
With a bonus order of frustration on the side.
This is the very best financial institute you ever going to be.
Derrick martial is the man can get your auto loan with no hassle.
And the best rate in the market.
I recently bought my tesla and i went through with cccu, specially this branch.
I didn't have any difficulty to get my loan with 1.9 apr.
I am getting ready to move my all the business to this location.
I have been with one nevada for 5 years.
Linda is the best, she is always happy to help you.
I will not bank anywhere else
Brahim and wonu are the best people.
The bank itself sucks as they charge high fees, but the staff is great.
They told me they could not cash my check.
I'm extremely confused at this point and ask why.
They just said they couldn't and the computer was sending them a red flag.
They told me i should call the bank that issued the check to make sure it's valid.
I told them i know that it is and didn't see the issue.
The check was only for  $670.
I go to the car and call the number on the check.
I walk back in to the annoyance of the kid at the counter.
He said they couldn't then called the manager back out to talk to me.
He frustratingly told me there's nothing they could do.
They can't call the number because their system red flagged it.
So far my experience with them has been awful.
I'll likely be changing banks in a few months once i've settled in my new life.
Ok maybe it's just how bank of america runs in vegas.
I thought this one would be less crowded because t was farther from the strip but nope.
Look at these lines!!!
And that only part of the people waiting to talk to someone.
Only two tellers open?!?
Worst drive thru customer service i've experienced ever.
It's like they're mad at me for giving them money.
I've banked here for over a year and it's been this way the entire time.
These people need to learn what customer service means.
To top it off they have lied to me about the dates that funds would be available.
I am in the process of closing my accounts at oneaz forever.
I do not recommend this credit union.
The customer service is quite slow.
Worst bank ever i have been with bank of america for years.
The way they treat customers is frustrating, because of this branch location i closed my account.
When asked to increase this obviously inadequate amount he was told that increases were not available for new account holders.
There would therefore be no cash available for the foreseeable future.
Sincerely,  danielle parkin  i will update further if they respond.
I have gone about 3 times because it is close to my house and they have the worst customer service.
They are very rude.
The employees do not understand how a line works.
I was "dealt with" after people who walked in after me.
As far as i can tell only 1 employee has manners.
Most unprofessional branch i have ever visited.
Time to mix it up... with a review of my bank!
I've been a bofa customer for years.
I started with them when i opened my first bank account in georgia close to 15 years ago.
When i do go in, it's usually eddie at this location that i work with.
He's very professional and takes care of business for us - no problem.
He loves his bank, but i somehow convinced him to keep our shared account at bofa.
Nonetheless, i'm still a loyal bofa customer and can't complain about their services at all.
I'm not losing money either though.
I have a business that needs a real bank.
If you need a real bank with real people to help you, this isn't it.
I would never recommend this company to anyone.
My old stolen card was allowed to be processed a month and a half after requesting a new card.
Never heard of this ever!
It is a violation of my trust.
I was told twice by the rep that the charge will disappear.
I still see the charge!
It is strange that at a company lets a closed/stolen card (reported) go through.
The reps are not trained well to take calls and resolve anything but read the balances.
I am so tired chasing them that now i feel i need to contact the public relations/ombudsman office.
An open and shut case but they make it so complicated.
Horrible service, horrible place.
I wish i could give zero stars.
These people have no idea what they are doing- do not trust them with your money.
You have been warned.
Recently the corporate entity of us bank decided to start charging for paper statements.
Of course, the cost of this perk (postage, paper, time stuffing envelopes, etc.)
This was told to me by an account person.
Nice people but so incompetent it's almost unbelievable.
We've asked over and over again but they just can't get their act together.
I've been with this bank for over 5 years now.
It was something that i was unaware of.
The two payments went through on the 5th and overdrafted my account.
Ssscu then charged me $32 (which put me even more in the negative).
I am out of gas and money (thanks to ssscu) and can't make money now unless they reverse the fee.
They didn't want to help me, they only wanted to charge me.
This bank only cares about money and they likely punish management if they show any compassion for their members.
You might notice that someone responded with a comment to take this conversation offline.
Well, we spoke...nothing was resolved.
She did explain that paypal payments don't go through for days (never knew that), but that's it.
Just more of the runaround i got the day before and no resolutions.
If this is still online, they haven't reversed it and still don't care.
It's highly likely that this post won't be going anywhere, but i'll be taking my finances elsewhere.
We have been members of one nevada for many years, and our usual branch is by our home.
She made everything seamless and took care of everything for him.
She gave him a new card and peace of mind.
He is going back to see if he can get a better rate on his auto loan.
Thank you for the continued excellent service after all these years!
Just got my first house!!!
I am so grateful for ryan and stephanie.
They made the process of buying a home so doable and with the least amount of stress.
One nevada employs knowledgeable loan officers that will make sure you get what you deserve with your money.
Uwcu has been the best banking experience i've ever had.
I usually go to the branch at union south.
Thankfully, i am a young person with excellent credit.
When i opened a credit card, they told me my limit could be as high as $10,000.
When i took out a car loan, a similar thing happened.
Due to my high credit (which increased over four years thanks to their credit-building tips!
), i was approved for a very large loan at the lowest rate available.
Truly, they have been the best experience i've ever had!
Horrible tried to refinance through them for our car since we got a pre approval in the mail.
First they came back back with income restrictions since we just bought a house .
Then i consigned and it took them 2 days to say no sorry you use the car for business .
Horrible experience all around .
Don't do business with them.
Worst customer service ever.
Been waiting almost two weeks to cash an rsp, not calling me, not returning calls.drove there twice.
Moving $$ to td
I bought a car through joe cistone at centennial leasing.
He took the hassle of my car buying experience by providing excellent customer service.
I will definitely call joe cistone again for my next car buying experience, and i highly recommend him.
I was in line today to talk to someone about my account around almost 1 o'clock...
There were people behind me and i was in front of the line.
The lady was finishing helping a customer.
I'm not here to see a teller...
I was in line to talk to someone.
We went through them for a home equity loan.
We had to stay on top of them constantly, no follow through, numerous mistakes with one department blaming the other.
It's been 6 six weeks and we finally got a call telling us they declined our loan after pre-approving us.
Overall a terrible experience--i would suggest altier credit union over them any day of the week.
By far the worst bank ever.
The tellers barely speak english.
Ended up going to wells fargo.
Walked in, got an account with no issues in less than 30 minutes.
I'm glad i chose them.
Your money is 100% available, no lock in cd etc.
You receive reimbursement up to $20 on atm fees at other banks if you meet the qualifications above.
This place deserves zero stars.
The negative reviews are here for a reason and the first indication to run.
There are laws that must be followed and this place takes the cake in not following them.
Stay clear of this place to avoid stress, anxiety and all.
No one here answers their phone or returns any call back timely.
For some reason they are always in meetings.
Bank is a scam the manipulate transactions.
Customer service is horrible and have never spoke to anyone even a bit of helpful.
I will be cancelling this account within the next 24 hours.
When we decided to refinance this year, we went back to derek for the refi as well.
Oncu still had the best rates i could find and are awesome to work with.
Both times the process was made very simple.
Derek was very personable, helpful, and quick to respond to questions.
I stay with them for the unlimited debit transactions.
If i could afford to waste money on monthly fees or debit fees i'd switch banks in half a second.
There are other ways to have tight security.
Ones that don't require you to phone in.
So not worth the stress.
I hear that the better banks don't charge for the service
The staff takes forever and are rude to customers.
One of them had the nerve to tell my friend in line to be patient today.
I have gone to plenty of other wells fargo locations where the service is excellent.
Every customer is lumped together and they let people in the other line cut in front for no reason.
As a business banking customer, it shows they do not value or respect my time or business.
I want to switch banks because of the rude service today.
Roselynne at the counter was terrible.
I am never going back to this location.
They need better management to oversee their staff.
He suggested we visit another nearby branch so we did.
They called the branch on hatcher for me to verify a notary was available.
She was so impressed she is transferring her accounts from b of a to this other bank (chase).
Very frustrating for a bank customer to not be able to call their branch and get help or information.
I am right on board with wenchi on this one.
Although this is the first time i have purchased, i could not see the process going any worse for us.
If you call the mortgage center line, it goes straight to voicemail.
If you call roger's number, same thing.
Elizabeth never provided us her number, instead saying everything would be handled via email.
Again, slow to respond to those emails would be an understatement.
I did call the branch, asking them to transfer me to roger's extension.
That was the only way i could get him to answer.
We were told that final underwriting has a 24 hour turn around.
That's 3 business days later, plus two weekend days.
And because of the program we used, we needed another year's tax return.
Shouldn't the loan officer know that would be needed?!?
So why didn't he?
That's 8 days after we initially sent the documentation.
Just like wenchi said, we got the excuse that it was because they had so many loans to deal with.
I can understand that.
I asked for him to please let me know if one nevada was too busy to service my loan.
Lo and behold, 9 minutes later, he had read, typed and sent an email back to me.
This was record breaking speed for them.
Funny how that is when you're threatened with losing your commission.
Unfortunately, roger started said email with "matt, calm down".
Not how i like to do business.
Like i said, that was on a friday.
Roger then called saying we needed to show more money for our 20% down payment.
We had made cash deposits that aren't able to be tracked.
However, when i went over the numbers with him, and cross-referenced with the title company, it wasn't adding up.
That caused another week to pass.
Yesterday, tuesday, the 11th of october, we finally got the closing disclosures.
September 29th we could have been at closing documents, but no.
Again, i emailed roger.
It was simple math.
I get that numbers can change, but you're the ones that give us the numbers.
Don't give me an estimate that is $6,000 off, take the time to get the number right.
We have now had to file an addendum twice to extend escrow due to lack of communication from one nevada.
Please don't take this review to show any negativity towards the branches.
They were amazing to work with.
Very helpful and polite.
Since i have posted, another review (2 stars) was removed.
That is the person "wenchi" that i refer to.
This is the best group to work with.
They  are the most helpful employees ever.
Everyone should bank at one nevada it's the best....
Thank you craig branch for your expertise!
I was inside the bank last year and tried to withdraw $12k in cash from my account.
They said they didn't have that much money on the property and would have to give me a cashiers check.
How can a bank that is suppose to make customers transactions for an entire day not have $12k on hand???
Wells fargo is making it almost impossible to bank with them
Friends recommended a few different dealerships, but i turned to yelp!
The reviews for centennial caught my attention, as well as a host of positive feedback about cameron walter.
Cameron made the whole experience so easy, stress-free, and straightforward.
Cameron made the whole experience a breeze with his knowledgeable, professional, and personable demeanor.
Financing through azfcu in conjunction with buying from centennial, also helped me shave a half percent off my interest rate.
I also loved that cameron made the whole process quick and efficient!
I arrived in the late morning and was home by lunch!
Thank you, cameron for making my first dealership experience a great one!
Unfortunately, i've never had particularly good service from this one.
The tempe location's atm is consistently down.
So as soon as my automatic payroll deposits transfer away from oneaz, i'll be closing my account.
I have been with eric james for many years.
Luz has been my go to person.
She is on top of it and i truly appreciate all the work she does for me.
You could not ask for a better group of people and company to work with.
Very unprofessional and rude employees.
Steer clear of this boa location and the institution all together.
Staff was very helpful and i was able to get the information i needed.
The online banking isn't very good but everyone at the branch was very helpful.
The first time i signed up and went to the branch at asu west they were very nice and hospitable.
She seemed irritated because i gave her vague answers.
One can only assume that those were her friends.
It's the only way her troubling behavior and lack of concern for customers safety makes any sense.
Will be complaining to the corporate office now.
The accounts are free, and there is zero customer service.
The store "bankers" are shady, the telephone support is untrained and foreign.
Pc mastercard, has same support people thank god for tangerine.
This bank is trash.
I had a few personal accounts and a small business account.
I opened the business after a young dark haired girl at the bank spoke to me about the bank.
She was always pleasant and professional so i heeded her instruction.
Besides her, i don't think anything else about this bank is worth while.
The tellers seem to always get my transaction wrong.
This woman was horrible...
I cannot understand how she is the manager.
She has the nastiest attitude ever!
First of all i have been a state farm customer for 15 years and across 4 different states.
The service, claim system, and reps have always been stellar, until now.
I moved from new york to las vegas and needed to update my insurance.
This location was chosen at random as it was closest to my house.
I called and told them what i needed and that i would be down in half an hour.
When i got there, they had no idea who i was even though they had written up my estimate.
Another important note; geico is available 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
And now i just found out they are still charging my credit card 2 weeks after cancellation.
It's saturday so i have to wait til monday to try to straighten it out.
45 minutes with geico cut my insurance from $5400 per year to $2880.
I can do business any time.
Hopefully i won't get charged for service i have cancelled.
You do the math.
Mac helped us get everything we needed done.
He was very fast and efficient.
He explains everything in super simple terms so that you really understand every step.
I definitely recommend coming to him with anything that you may need.
Never thought i would be reviewing a bank, but that's the beauty of yelp!
You can review so much more than just restaurants!
I have been with this bank for about 8 years or so and have never had a problem with them!
I love their free checking and i have a savings account with them as well.
Their home equity is awesome too- fixed interest rate of 3.25%.
This particular branch has very helpful and friendly employees.
They have a drive thru and it is always quick and easy.
They will even give your dog a treat if they are in the car :).
I've also never experienced long lines in this branch which is always nice!
My car was deemed totaled on 11/22 and insurance and chase agreed on payoff.
I have had az state credit union since i was 16 years old.
They have always been fair and their customer service is unequalled.
Keep in mind that they are a non profit institution with their main goal being on bettering the community.
Can you say that about any of these huge corporate banks...?
This bank may not be the worst of the worst but it is certainly approaching it.
It was clear that she was receiving a commission on such applications.
Eventually i was able to open an account here.
I had both a checking and savings account.
This was the only time i have ever had any bank list an error on my account.
If it tells you anything, ohio savings has since changed its name to amtrust bank.
This bank is horrible.
The employees are great but that doesn't help when the bank itself is horrible.
The online banking system is annoying and you cannot do simple functions like change your address.
The pin protects your bank statements but not your accounts.
You can go into the account and pay all kinds of things but you can't get your statement.
If you need to use on line banking stay away from this backward, annoying bank.
Attempted to refinance my vehicle... got declined with no phone call, no email, nothing to explain.
Didn't even know i was declined until i was curious and checked the status on line a week later.
"obligations to income ratio".
Um... my dti ratio is under 20%.
I've been paying on this vehicle for 18 months with no issues.
My credit score is 40 points higher than when i purchased it.
What logic is this?
Also, went to use the atm at their mesa location and had to use an envelope.
(maybe i just never see them) anyway, it's new, has mutiple drive up atms.
I have my car loan through this credit union.
Even though i have them listed with my car insurance company.
They only review insurance on wednesdays.
Yes, one day a week... and until then, they will charge you for insurance and then refund.
Unfortunately for me, this hasn't happened appropriately and my car has always been insured.
To make a payment online, there's a $7 fee.
And then i get charged fees because they did not get the coupon book to me to make my payment.
We have requested this book on multiple occasions.
They keep saying we can come in to make a payment, well yes, but i don't live in champaign anymore.
She was going to talk to supervisor and get back to me... ask me if that happened?
I have a merchant account brokerage company that works with dozens of different processors in the industry.
I assisted a client with 5 accounts with ems in early of 2013.
Merchant processed on only 1 account.
Within a week, account was terminated due to a few chargebacks.
Then we were notified that there was a $595 early termination fee.
Wouldn't that lead anyone to believe that the contract does in fact run out??
More numerous calls were made, thousands of dollars spent on monthly charges for 4 accounts that were never even used.
While in my office with witnesses, i spoke to  tiffany , the new person i had to speak to.
She talked over me, was extremely rude and condescending.
While i was explaining my client's issue, she raised her voice over mine, over and over again.
Some calls lasting well over 30 minutes, waiting, waiting for someone to help.
Clearly this is a  recurring issue with ems and they must deal with this on a daily basis.
No other processor that i deal with treats the merchant or rep in this manner.
The employees here care about you and your financial needs and are super friendly.
I really enjoy being a member here and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a local credit union.
You also can't beat their super low rates.
Thank you credit union 1 for being the best i'll never go any where else!
I feel so bad that i forgot his name.
He helped me as soon as i signed my name on the wait list .
He was so nice and kind and answered all the questions i had.
All banks are awful.
There's a bank for everyone and i really wish there was some sort of "which bank is best for you?"
Quiz you could take when you move to toronto to help you decide.
They ship them out at record speed, unlike some of the other banks.
While you can withdraw money from american atms, you can't use debit the way you can with other bank cards.
Bottom line:  this is a no frills bank.
If you're willing to put up with its limitations, you will love it.
Had 2 tellers open, with one of them helping out same customer the whole time.
In line for over 20 minutes.
This is not the first time bank of america has been like this with limited employees
I wouldn't recommend this credit union to anyone.
Came into one nevada with the anticipation of this place being amazing with all these great reviews.
I walked in and was helped immediately, but the banker assisting me didn't give me any guidance or options.
She then smiled and said to try again?
I felt extremely judged possibly by my appearance.
I walked out wondering why i even went there in the first place.
This is a good location for me on occassion.
At times i need to pop in and make a deposit or withdrawl.
Lots of parking in the lot and you can access it from thomas or 7th ave.
They are very friendly and try to help you as quick as they can.
They also have a drive thru.
But at times i find it is quicker just to go inside.
Ok place to get a loan.
Lousy place to bank.
Nobody answers the phone....website is less than reliable or user friendly.
Tellers are friendly and personable...just not worthwhile if your looking to automate your bank.
I would highly recommend never using this bank.
The app is is also awful.
At least 10 years behind the times.
I had to call them and to write them a number of times every month to delete the interest charge.
Top it off  they don't even have a bathroom for customers?
What kind of place doesn't have a bathroom for their customers?
Worst credit union in arizona.
He said yeah we can do that and kind of smirked about it.
So of course i made it different days money ain't easy and that was very weird.
Other than that he also made some similar odd comments that i don't recall since it's been awhile.
And they didn't mail me the new card for 2,3 months(until i saw my expired card in my wallet).
So i ask for the card again and got it like 7 business days later.
You see how much difficulties and headache that i had with them?
Wonder if they even read it anyways if i can rate 0 star i would, definitely won't recommend them.
Update: nov 9th i emailed eric to cancel and not renew my policies and he acknowledged in email.
Also another policy was charged for a new month on dec 1st.
It's just problems after problems.
This review is for alex.
Alex was the greeter in the afternoon at the 4112 blue diamond rd location on 5/27/2016.
Alex was very prompt to address the customers need.
Alex handled everything how it should be done at all b of as.
So if you still have a account with b of a, please got to this branch.
Wish i could give them no stars!
Got their visa card from costco because costco ended their relationship with american express and began a relationship with citibank.
I registered the card and activated it, just the way they instructed.
No problems using the card with  number of vendors however, the card was rejected at costco as "not activated".
I went to costco's service desk and they told me it was citibank's problem, not theirs.
I used another visa card to pay, came home and called citibank.
My first attempt to reach them resulted in my being disconnected.
I called back and have now been on hold for 55:45 minutes, and holding.
Why would i keep their visa when i have others from chase?
One teller and 7 people in line???
Not a good idea on a saturday i'm thinking....
Instead of having a "greeter", we get some extra help behind the counter.
Other than that hick up, a good experience once you finally get to the counter !
Bank of america is my bank of over 20 years and i can't stand them.
We have a hate/hate relationship.
As a long time bank of america customer i thought...
I discovered that chase (across bell road) is everything b of a isn't.
Chase doesn't even ask for one, they do it for you!
Bank of america got rid of their drive through - chase has one.
I've had only positive experiences at this bank.
I gathered all of the information mentioned (proof of insurance, registration, 10-day payoff amount, most recent paycheck stub, etc.)
And went to the actual branch.
I tried to give them my money and business and they just wouldn't take it.
I will not be returning to one nevada credit union.
I applied for a pc mastercard online recently.
The website does state 2-3 weeks for application process.
Over 4 weeks later, i finally received a phone call requiring additional information from me to process the application.
This was also after 2 phone calls to follow up on the status of my application.
This call was to ask for a copy of proof of identity and an original copy of proof of address.
The website stated 2-3 weeks!
Very disappointed in the service on the application process.
I did cancel the application.
Always a line, understaffed and the greeter is unhelpful.
Avoid at all costs.
Avoid b of a as a whole.
The service is exceptional!!!
The tellers are great too!
They seem to do much more than a normal teller.
They cut my cashier checks, do my wires, and normal transactions.
But not here the tellers do it all and with a smile!!
Hands down best credit union!!!
I would just like to say how helpful and friendly jackie jamerson was.
She set really took care of me, refreshing change of banks.
I tried to leave this company a facebook review, but i couldn't find an option.
Luckily, i found this yelp page.
I'm a former client who had been with them for nearly 3 years.
Customer service is very good.
They get back to me promptly and are always helpful, whether it by by phone or by email.
Whoever is in charge of their customer service department is doing a great job.
This is done a lot in the credit card processing industry, which is why people hate these types of companies.
I experienced the same.
I was paying nearly 5% on every credit card payment i ran.
They charge a termination fee and structure the wording in a very sneaky way.
I have no problem with companies charging a cancellation fee, as long as they are straight-forward about it.
Setting up a new customer account is sometimes time-consuming and it stinks when a customer cancels the very next month.
Their contract stated a $595 cancellation fee within the first 24 months.
However, they are also clever that they put in their contract it's on a 24-month auto-renew.
So, after i was with them for 2 years, it auto-renewed.
If i wanted to avoid the cancellation fee, i'd have to cancel just prior to the contract auto-renewing.
Yeah, it's in the contract.
I don't think so and most companies would agree because i've never encountered this type of contract structure before.
Like when you sign a lease with an apartment complex.
I've pointed them away from ems.
Wish i could give 0 stars.
Went to bank of america this morning and ended up closing my account.
The teller tells me they can't cash it because it's been processed and i have to call this other number.
I leave the branch pissed at the point because i drove there for nothing.
The account should close when it's empty.
Done with this bank!
Pretty good for a bank.
I'm surprised that there is such a low rating for this bank because i have regularly had good experience here.
Over many years only one really annoying thing and they corrected that.
So my other bank is the most widely hated corporation on the face of the earth.
Maybe that gives me some different perspective.
I'm rarely in the bank for more than a few minutes.
Lines are typically short.
When i need to do something that requires sign in, there is never more than 1 person ahead of me.
My other bank otoh is always long line.
For sign in lately they want to make an appointment and come back in 2 days.
So by comparison i would say that this banks performance is good.
One nevada on craig road in north las vegas has the best customer service.
From the minute you walk in your greeted a hello.
Sabryna jeske is so helpful and is always accommodating .
She is great at understanding exactly what i needed and explaining and following through with everything right away.
If you want great service and great communication with quality standards she's the one to see
Now have bought two cars from tod hale in 3 years.
His service is impeccable.
To quote tod "remember, i work for you".
He is the best!
He found the absolute perfect car for me in northern arizona and it was here within one day.
I will likely work through centennial again and, god willing, tod hale will still be there!
I only used the atm here, but it was clean, well lit and i felt very safe.
I liked that i didn't have to open my door to use it!
Thanks mackenzie for making time for my loan and helping me reschedule my appointment.
Please forget cibc bank ,go there never .
There is  different trick there for making money of their customers.if you experienced this before you could understand me .
Most of their staff aren't professional you will have different kind of difficulties with them.
And other my major difficulty was when i bought mutual fund from there.
Just don't go there.
Issues i have is the way policy changes.
I see branches have closed one after another.
I am not shocked.
I hate to  but time to go else ware where ill be treated like a better.
And im sorry if you have a like.. why the hell are the tellers going in lunch?!?!?!
Man i miss the 90s.
I bought my kia soul from tod hale and the total experience was wonderful.
I have a very busy life and no time to step foot in a dealership and get stuck.
Tod made this happen for me.
He didn't even get irritated when i completely changed my mind to a different vehicle.
There was never any high pressure sales going on.
I will never buy a vehicle from anyone else!
The employees stood and talked to each other while i stood in line and waited for someone to help me.
I moved all my accounts to sunwest!
Sergio was awesome throughout my whole home buying process.
From day one he showed great communication and explained anything i didn't fully understand.
His work ethic speaks for its self so if you're looking for a professional look no further.
He got me approved fast and easy and delivered when my previous lender couldn't.
Sergio also speaks spanish which came in handy when my mom had any concerns that she couldn't understand in english.
Overall i would recommend sergio to anyone looking for a lender.
I will without a doubt go to him again for any future home buying needs.
I've come here a few times and am always impressed by how clean and organized it is.
I've purchased a few items, all at really good prices.
On top of that, you almost always get really good service, like you're in a traditional store.
This is my fav pawn shop to visit!
Jennifer, who pretends to manage this branch has no customer service skills and it's shows through her and her staff.
If i could give dollar bank a 0 star rating, i would.
My husband and i have used dollar bank for over 8 years.
That was 8 years too long.
I would strongly advise anyone who is considering a new bank to steer clear of dollar bank.
While the tellers behind the desk are friendly, the "buck" stops there.
Dollar bank is severely lacking in customer service.
My husband and i have spent hours going through calls with their customer service department.
Their agents are completely unwilling to help their customers.
This is only one example of many headache-producing phone calls which went nowhere with dollar bank.
I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Thankfully, they allowed a close friend of mine who still resides in az go in and extend it for me.
Which was very nice of them because i know the restrictions when it comes to liability and ownership.
I received it yesterday, packaged with care and no harm done.
I'm very thankful for their service and i would recommend this store to anyone.
They also have pretty cool stuff in there.
I have banked here for a few years now.
I cannot appreciate the personal banker ivy zhang for all her help.
I work in a customer service driven industry, thus i have high standards which are not usually met.
I am so grateful for ivy and all her help to resolve my concerns.
Stay away or you could lose some serious money/deals.
I had a vehicle financed thru c.u.w which i recently sold to a private party.
We met at a branch that was basically an old broom closet in shea hospital (i'm not kidding a closet!).
Needless to say if you have a $60,000 truck in your driveway you cannot use you'd be upset.
So he wants to return the vehicle or have me pay his first months payment.
Thanks credit union west!!
I was pleased with the service i received.
I walked out with my new debit card in hand and everything was easy and convenient.
I've been with cibc for 5 years and cannot recommend them.
I have numerous services with them, joint checking account, credit card, auto insurance and a line of credit.
They could not tell me for sure.
It's the "system" in which no one you speak to on the phone has any control so they say.
They get one star for my auto insurance which i'm quite happy with.
Otherwise, put your business somewhere else.
Stealing pensions,debits odd,$$ stealing,,fraud,nasty atitudes.
Use capitol one,  ,save  nightmares bogus accounting,"lost funds",insults,inexperience.
Maria moran was great.
So helpful and took care of my car loan refi quickly with little hassle.
Started process online and completed in office.
Fast, and saving almost 3% apr!
Thanks maria and one nevada.
This credit union helped me get my finances and credit score together.
The staff is extremely friendly and i'm always greeted warmly.
I've been banking here for over a year now and couldn't imagine going anywhere else with my money.
I've recommended friends here and they thank me to the moon and back.
Citibank took over costco amex account.
Nearly impossible to reach customer service.
They did not apply credits due from amex account and it was a battle to get assistance.
It was a very busy day and i got the pleasure of working with rebecca.
I had come in looking for my info for direct deposit.
Thank you rebecca your doing a great job!
I love how friendly and outgoing you are.
Mountain america credit union is a shared branch that my credit union partners with.
Ever since my credit union moved from the northwest to henderson i've been coming here for simple transactions.
So far i've had no problems.
Lines can get long depending on the time of day but they do move fairly quickly.
Employees are always helpful and friendly :)
They need mmm ore people working here this place is slow as hell ...hire more tellers ...
Service is generally good, hours are good and they are open on sunday.
Parking is available, but can be limited.
I got it resolved, but it did cause me some grief and stress, although very briefly.
There's isn't an overwhelming number of options to choose from.
If you do some homework about what you like and where your budget it, it helps.
I worked with gaylon, who was very laid back and helpful.
I didn't feel like i was being sold.
I said price was my priority and he listened.
He worked through a lot of options for me.
I like that i got to test drive the cars alone and could focus on the car and the drive.
I also asked a billion questions about all the paperwork and he was on top of it.
It's all about the drive through atm.
And the tellers inside are always really friendly and helpful.
I have always received amazing service.
However since this bank did a technology upgrade it has made my life much harder.
Like many people i work very hard for my money but still live pay check to pay check.
I always set up direct payments for friday morning when my check goes in.
Last week my check didn't post u til 6am which was upsetting but i luckily didn't have any payments scheduled.
I called the bank to ask why my check was late.
They informed me of the upgrade.
What a lie this turned out to be.
I was hit with payments and over draft fee prior to my check posting.
Now 9:15 am and still no check.
Called bank and was told they would have it deposited to my account in 30 mins.
I would have to call back on monday to have the nsf fee removed.
I just spent 40 mins on hold and low i have to do this again on monday!
The person i spoke with told me to set up my auto payments for later in the day on friday.
Was informed i would have to call every week to have the nsf fees removed.
What kind of service is this?
I am fine with my check not depositing before midnight on friday morning.
But it should at the very least go in some time soon after midnight on friday.
Every one of my coworkers who use other banks in az have there checks deposited shortly after midnight.
I felt bad for the man i spoke with at one az credit union as he was noticeably frantic.
Dealing with call after call from upset members.
I was very polite to him as i know it is not his fault.
But obvious other people have been taking their frustrations out on him.
One az employees have always been helpful and polite.
It's a shame they have to now deal with upset customers.
And a shame bank members have to deal with this added headache.
I for one will unfortunately be looking for a new bank.
It's a shame because i loved my bank but now i am forced to go elsewhere.
I hope that they figure out a way to fix this.
Lo and behold, the card arrived; showed $39.00 annual fee.
I have heard such horrible stories about capital one, but ignored them.
I learned my lesson.
I've always had a pleasant experience at this branch.
When we first signed up there were no fees at any bank's atms.
Now they have added cvs atms and removed that feature.
Go inside a cvs or drive thru any bank - nope not the same, not even close!!!
Then they "suspected" fraudulent charges on dh debit.
Customer service turned it off.
No phone call, no e-mail, no note on the account, nothing!
Just shuts it off!!!
Best part - 4 weeks later and 3 requests and still no pin number.
Really, its not rocket science, print out a pin, put it in the mail.
I could understand 1 getting mis-delivered, but 3!!!!
Oh and customer service does nothing but say "just wait".
In branch, "can't help you."
Seriously, this bank is a joke!
Stay far, far away!!!
They advertise free accounts, but i have found that the opposite is true.
I have paid inactivity fees, falling below the balance fees, not using auto pay fees, etc.
More of my money went to them than to me or my household accounts.
You don't have a monthly fee but they charge for everything.
The customer service is often not helpful.
I am definitely cancelling my account.
My advice, you get what you pay for so don't expect any assistance from this company.
While writing this, i realized it's time to close the account and call it a day.
I'll be doing that this week.
I know...it is my fault but seriously, help!!!
So last night i made an atm deposit and drove away without taking my atm card.
When i realized it, i ventured back to the bank but it was gone.
I know the machines eat them up which is actually a good thing.
They asked if they could order me a new one, sure why not.
I had already ordered one on-line but the more i have i actually think it might be better!
I was actually quite pleased to learn this.
As for the 5-7 day wait, well does today count as 1 or tomorrow??
Too many advantages over banks!
Lower fees and no fees in many cases!
You are a member/owner and are treated as such even if you only have a few dollars in your account!!!
Went to this branch to cash in rolled coin.
I was told they could not take it, as they had no room.
I went to the b of a down the street, where i have savings and checking account , also.
They were more then helpful .
Considering closing my accounts with wells fargo.
I grew up around this area and my mom have banked with location for years.. back when it was bankone.
So that gives you perspective of how long it's been.
I walked in and was not greeted nor asked if i need assistance.
So i stood around for a few mins then the person that was standing around finally came around.
I came in here while running errands with my mom and all i have to say is rude.
I'm typing this as i sit here waiting.
They said it'll be at least a 40 min wait because all the bankers are busy at the moment.
The one banker that said he's going to lunch is now helping someone else at the kiosks near the entrance.
I sound kind of whiny but it sounds like they are trying to discourage people from seeing a banker.
So update... we sat down w/ a banker, ill give them that it was less than a 40 minute wait.
But the banker was extremely rude, it seems like that is the norm for this location.
And he repeatedly referred to my mom by the wrong name.
And that is after he asked for id verification.
Absolutely unacceptable and ridiculous!
If i could give this financial institution negative stars, that would be the choice!
I have been banking with them since feb of 2017.
Biggest mistake i've ever made!
As with all relationships, everything was great in the beginning.
For example, i check my account regularly.
When i call customer service, no one shows any empathy or even apologizes for misinformation given.
They literally become defensive and it's an argument with your ex-boyfriend before you know it.
I have filed a complaint with the bbb because of their greedy practices.
Shame on you for robbing hard-working people!
The process of leasing my new car through oneaz credit union and centennial was so easy and quick.
I couldn't imagine using anyone else for this process.
I've been a member of silver state since i was a small child.
The service is great and their mobile app is super easy to use.
The best part is pretty much every 7-11 atm is free!!
Gisela was very helpful with everything i needed !
Come bank with one nevada credit union !
I am a recent convert to silver state school credit union.
Luckily i married a ssscu member!
I decided to switch over because this bank was so much better than the one i was with before hand.
Now speaking of this branch specifically...such a great location!
Many of ssscus are located within grocery stores.
And remember, you never wake up a sleeping baby, if you don't have too!
This location also has a branch available for when you need to speak with someone personally.
What a blast it is to be in and out without having to waste an hour just waiting in line.
The people at ssscu are also quite lovely.
Everyone is happy and nice.
It is also a pleasure to walk in because everyone smiles at you if you catch their eye.
I hope it always stays that way.
Cash checks somewhere else if you can.
This place sucks bad.
They need to go out of business.
Always slow and never can help with anything if you are not a member of their stupid ass bank.
Chase or wells fargo is the place to go.
Fuck bank of america.
Tod hale was awesome to work with!
I had a wonderful experience and am thrilled with my purchase!
(note - i previously met with another consultant and had a very different experience.
After seeing countless positive reviews for tod online i decided to give centennial another chance.
If you go, ask for tod!)
I am disappointed with the detailing job (i initially saw the car and agreed to purchase prior to detailing).
I wiped the seats and inside handles with a wet rag and dirt came off right away.
I came in on a saturday to cash my check and get a cashiers check.
Jackie help me and she was amazing.
I work a lot so i have to do things on saturday in this branch is always very friendly..
Gisela was very kind & courteous!
Thx u gisela for doing such a wonderful job in explaining everything when opening my new account,  much appreciated...
I nornally dont post reviews but felt the need after my experience today.
Now i understand why they have a 2 star rating on yelp.
I will make sure to always use 44th and camelback.
I have been a long time chase private client customer.
We came back today at 525pm and we were turned away because (1) person was waiting for a banker.
I then asked who was responsible for management and was given a bankers business card.
Purchased a brand new car from a ryan.
Car had dings and window tint issues that i noticed after i took vehicle home.
After speaking with ryan he said he would take care of.
He tried to repair dings with a marker which did nothing.
I drove 25 miles for this?
Also i took vehicle back 2 more times before they fixed tint.
A month later my ac went out.
I took it to dealership at that point.
When i addressed my concerns to ryan he got irate and replied back with some negative messages.
He said it wasn't his problem and i should be mad at dealership he sold car for.
Then he said whatever he didn't care.
I will never buy a vehicle from this place!!
Great service at this branch.
Went in to open a savings account and it was so quick and easy.
The staff was also very friendly!
Bought our yukon from centennial about 3 years ago and it has been nothing but a problem since!
Issues after issues with the transmission.
To date, we have spent almost $4000 trying to correct the problems.
Now we are back at gmc again to solve additional headaches.
Its a lemon to say the least.
Sales guy (cameron) was nice and easy to work with, but i will never go this route again.
Next time i will go to an auto dealer that provides a warranty longer than 4 months.
I would definitely consider doing this in the future.
Thank you one nevada for the great service.
You may see me in the future.
Stay away from this branch!
While expressing concern to mr. price about a discrepancy in a transaction, he was incredibly rude and condescending.
He spoke down to me like a child and got incredibly annoyed and frustrated and lashed out.
My bank for life now !
Awesome customer service !
Been banking here for 6 years and never had one problem.
Staff is very nice and caring.
They always look out for the customers.
Lines are sometimes long, especially during lunch.
Would recommend more employees.
Overall a good bank
How can you advertise with a pix of a car that isn't yours to sell?
I was sent a photo of a car by a sales person, john zambrowski.
I said i liked it and asked when i could see it in person.
When i didnt hear back i asked again and was told it had been sold.
He said he'd find something else but never got back to me.
As i continued to look for cars online i noticed a similar car at another dealer.
I won't go there again.
Found a great car at another company that was theirs to sell.
Right make at a great price.
I wouldnt buy here if that is how they do business.
Does anyone working here have any pride?
It's worth the drive out of your way to avoid these people.
I've been with this credit union for nearly 10 years and have never recieved such shitty service.
Avoid sabryna unless you like a bitchy condescending stare
Susan was incredibly composed, and did her very best to be patient and polite, despite obviously being flustered.
Be kind to these people!
Best rates and deals.
What more could i ask for?
Do not use this bank if you need to ever access more than $200 cash at a time.
These people hold your money hostage.
You can not go to a teller to get out more cash because they don't have tellers.
I also can't close my account because i'm limited to taking out $200 a day.
So i now have to take out $200 cash a day until the account is drained to close the account.
Nothing but a complete waste of time.
I wouldn't recommend this bank to anyone.
There are some good things about this branch, and some bad things.
The tellers are friendly, polite and professional.
The bank officers and account managers are cold, unsympathetic, and rude.
The main room is modern, professional and very bank-like.
The borrowing rate is to the low side, and lending rate is to the high side.
It's hit or miss whether they'll charge $5 for making a money order, or they'll do it for free.
Late charges and atm fees are higher than the norm.
I've been a member for 8 years.
Here's my honest opinion of the pros and cons of banking at az state credit union: cons:  1.
Funds on large checks are held and not available for 10 business days.
(even if you speak with the manager).
Your debit card will be turned off if you travel outside of az and try to use it.
(good luck trying to get it turned back on on a holiday weekend).
Open 9-5 mon-fri  5.
It is very difficult to refinance your house.
I tried twice with a 755 credit score.
I gave up after months of paperwork.
There are very long wait times.
Plan on being late back to work if you go on your lunch break like everyone else.
Their savings account will give you 1/2 of 1% interest.
Calling the bank doesn't help answer your questions.
They will direct you to go in and speak with the branch manager.
Pros: none, i am getting my direct deposit transferred asap and going to use my wells fargo and scottrade  accounts.
8 years of banking at azstcu and finally realized they are terrible.
My appointment was at 3:00.
That's about 55 minutes late for those trying to keep up with all the numbers.
A few minutes ago, roughly 3:05, i was acknowledged and told she was running "a little behind."
The acknowledgement was appreciated and saved a 2-star rating.
He was finally called back shortly after that, and i continue to wait.
I've been with bank of america for somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 years or more.
Before you think me to picky based on a single experience, i'd like to note i've been irritated here before.
Fortunately they seems to be wrapping up.
I may update further at a later time pending the outcome here.
I was told about this location and when started on the tour it took me through sun city grand.
I always thought you couldn't get in this neighborhood without living here or that there were shops around here.
Fees for "dormant" account stripped me of $20 over the course of a year and a half.
And be warned that tellers have no interest in helping.
The gentleman there in the back office was nice and informative and that is about where the good service ends.
I'm a big fan of citibank, and this is my local branch.
Haven't had any problems here.
Atm spits out $100's, which is awesome.
Staff is very knowledgeable.
I even picked up a 1930's $100 bill the last time i made a withdrawal... how cool is that?
All i wanted her to do was increase my limit so i can get my money out.
She was all in my personal business.
I felt very discriminated by her actions!
She held me up for 30 minutes doing her own investigation on my money!
I told her i will close my account when i get ready to.
Who encourages a person to close their account?
Rebecca do that's who!
She isn't fit to be representing my one nevada on craig.
Send her as far away as you can.
I wish i would've asked to speak with her manager.
She held me up so long, i was just trying to get out of there.
So there's no excuse for her poor behavior.
Recently moved to town and -- obviously -- had to find a new bank.
The various yelp reviews left in me fairly uncertain about what to do.
It may be that things like banking services aren't so easy to evaluate in this format.
There are many, many variables with banking services and many ways that people can have a less-than-ideal experience.
My main interest is with the basics of checking and savings.
I'm not currently in the market for lending.
My experience has been generally positive.
Folks at the credit union were helpful in my setup phase.
The online banking system is not the most user-friendly one i've encountered, but it seems passable.
Worst bank in town.
It's no wonder why they have only 2 locations in town.
Kim, the manager was incompetent at bfast.
She needed her employee to explain how to use the computer.
How did she get to be manager?
The couldn't cash a simple check cause their system want finding it.
I don't recommend going to this bank for anything
I have cashed checks of $11k $14k etc before without them ever needing to call to confirm with my clients.
Today i encountered kevin camp jr who called my client toco firm on a $2700 check.
I thought that was rude and told him so, as nobody had ever done so previously.
He told me i could talk to his manager so i agreed.
He then wouldn't drop it and talked about how it's his right to verify all checks.
She would take no responsibility which leads me to believe this behavior is tolerated and perhaps encouraged!
I will never be at this branch again and i encourage you to do the same.
That was a stupid immature and rude incident that didn't need to happen.
****** update: spoke with corp who apologized multiple times and assured me both of these people will be disciplined.
I got a call from their regional stating the same.
Hopefully it's properly addressed especially camp jr.
Now scottsdale bank you only needs see collage boy here the rest can't add.
The manager very rude and never knows up from down.
If bank on the app and ask question  let say uneducated on technology.
In fact he lets employee be there handling money who cant add the spanish boy.
Maybe we needs rethink it's scottsdale but mostly folks probably go on to chase.
I feel this needs be known to protect the public.
Keeping calm and using a quiet voice and not doing your job correctly  is unacceptable.
They have caused me more grief than i can  say!
Shame shame shame on them
Terrible bank that steals!
Atm didn't give me the money and said it did, it has been a month,  pnc still has my money!!!
I have filed all the necessary paperwork and complaints but am still getting the run around.
Poor customer service when dealing with their escalation team.
Don't bank with pnc!
Undoubtably the worst customer service of any bank i've ever dealt with.
This wasn't the worst of the customer service issues i've experienced with the bank but easier to explain on yelp.
Don't bank with pnc or you will regret it.
We have a 100% legal cbd oil business that is recognized on the state and federal level.
Denying our business is like denying a business that sells coconut oil or olive oil.
Just like those products we have zero thc in our oil.
My guess is your legal team has no clue about this industry.
Thats ok because most lawyers don't.
Joe was great to work with.
My aunt had an issue while she was on vacation with her account be double charged by a hotel.
When they could not get it resolved, the bank reviewed the account and refunded her the money.
The bank said they will address the corporate office of the hotel to get a refund.
I went into the branch to discuss having an overdraft fee refunded because i am financially in tough times.
Watched as the teller made faces and sarcastically laughed because this is was not the first time they refunded me.
I have never been made to feel closer to crying from embarassment.
I have always had great experiences here...never a problem.
Always friendly and efficient with all my transactions.
They shred for free.....i love that.
Super helpful and well informed.
I had a great experience with derek taylor on my home mortgage.
He was quick to respond to my questions and always took the time to give me detailed answers.
My first experience with mortgage lenders wasn't that great, so it was a pleasant surprise working with derek.
This location is huge and offers shared banking with my credit union...but the service is horrendous!!
I told the teller thank you numerous times.
She didn't know how to say you're welcome.
She had a bad attitude and seemed like she hated her job (and life)!
We have been to this location twice helped by the same woman twice unfortunately.
Her demeanour was rude and unhelpful.
With td priding themselves on costumer service this experience has been disgusting .
When i asked to speak to someone else she refused .
It might be wise for them to review costumer service etiquette
Security measures are more of a nuisance than safety.
Pick any bank besides this one, better off putting your money in a shoe box.
Don't get cibc dividend visa cards -   once you close the account you forfeit all the dividend you have earned.
Its in their "fine-print".
That made me feel ripped-off as a consumer.
Get a card that gives you cash back like the coast capital visa desjardin cards.
Straight cash no strings attach.
Chase no longer lets others put any amount of cash into another's account.
This is a terrible policy.
Speaking with the manager, this comes from the top.
There is no work-arounds.
Even with id, only the account holder may deposit cash to their account.
Terrible customer service from the top management, i have only compliments for the local branch manager.
April and maria were amazing!
No waiting time and great customer service!
They took the time to explain the account and perks offered to members and answered all of our questions.
I appreciate them taking the time give a genuine smile...it goes a long way with customers!
Just moved to the area and my son and i are both in need of local banking.
His work is requiring a routing and account number as soon as possible to continue employment.
I applied for an account for him on line in order to receive the new customer incentive.
Unbeknownst to me, you don't get a result for 2-3 business days.
I called the toll free number and expressed my urgency to get the account information.
The lady advised me to go into the local branch the next day and they could take care of me.
She said if the account was still pending that they could just open an account for me.
Well yesterday my son went in to the branch.
A lady who barely speaks english was taking care of him, and was completely useless!
First, she told him she couldn't find his account.
He then showed her the confirmation email.
She said that didn't matter and i asked her if she could open up an account for him.
She offered a checking account where he had to maintain a $500 balance.
Needless to say after arguing with the woman i instructed my son to leave the bank.
Myself, my son and my daughter all opened an account.
We were in and out within 20 minutes.
They need to hire employees who are capable of working with the public and understand the meaning of "customer service"!
If i could give zero stars i would!
Worst bank i've ever dealt with.
Everything is so complicated and has a charge attached to it.
There app is horrible and you can't even make your loan payment with it.
After having an auto loan with them my vehicle was total loss from an accident.
I had already put the deposit down and purchased the vehicle.
I was blown away.
America first credit union has been amazing.
I went in and within 2 hours i was approved and had a check in my hand.
Derek taylor and cely farinas have made our interactions with one nevada credit union an absolute dream come true.
We recently closed on our second house and derek has been with us on both.
We whole heartedly recommend derek to all our friends and coworkers and recommend him to anyone reading this.
Yay bank of america!
But it's the bank i've been with ever since i've been in this country.
It's apropos when you think about it.
I can't say much about the interior and the face-to-face service.
I've probably only been inside once.
I usually use the drive thru atm.
Theirs uses that weird inline design where you have two machines in a row.
Other than that, it's a-ok.
I'm only reviewing this for the ftr anyway.
Went in to open an account, rep listened to what my intentions for the account were and made a recommendation.
Rep was very pleasant and personable.
Small bank always a line.
Line is long and there are always people at every counter.
Even in the cubicle offices.
I wish they would get up and help sometimes.nice people though.
There is also an atm outside.
We have now landed at the summerlin bank of america.
Yes bank of america,  ahh the mcdonalds of all banks.
Which by the way, this location happens to be across from the mcdonalds drive thru.
This bank is always efficient and is very clean.
Tellers are friendly and branch manager candice always greets me with a smile.
Its this kind of professionalism and customer service that deserves to be recognized.
I'm in and out in literally less than 3 minutes when using the atm inside.
It's right downtown close to everything and really convenient for tourists because it's close to a lot of hotels.
This branch has helped is out with business accounts, car loan, mortgage, and personal accounts.
In july my pc credit card information was stolen someone from florida use it.
Anyway, i saw the pending transactions, i called pc to inform them about it.
I waited around 15 minutes for their customer service to response.
How on earth i will fly from florida to bc within an hour.!
She said ok i will close the account.
An hour later i checked the whoever stole my card made 2 more transactions!
& she said i closed your account.
I called again waited then ask again to close my card.
Flowing month (august), someone used my card in the gas station that i never been in.
I dispute the transaction online.
They respond after 5 days that they can't open the case because i didn't provide enough information!!!
Oh really what addational information i should provide to you for a transaction i didn't made!
I paid the price for transaction that i didn't made.
My loan officer was derek taylor.
Honest and professional .
Every email with a bunch of questions i sent him was replied within an hour.
Gave me the "record low" rate.
And i saved another $2000 because one nevada credit union charge less fees.
I will refer everybody to him.
My overall experience with one nevada credit union is very very very positive!
Easy to use app, all credit cards, debit cards, car loans and house mortgage is in one place.
Check deposits are as easy as snapping a picture.
Crazy  did i tell you i have credit card here?
One nevada credit union freaking awesome low low low rate credit card with big big limit.
Like almost no limit credit card!
Great security if you have a seasonal job.
I'd been a pc customer for about ten years and, until today, was fairly satisfied.
No matter that i had done it many times before with no problem.
No matter that the amounts in all my accounts far exceeded the amount of the cheque.
No matter that i had been an exemplary customer.
"when you see your account frozen, that is a reason for you to call us."
There is, apparently, no "person" who is ultimately responsible for customers at pc financial.
2 tellers working when there's 7 windows or so total.
Will never come back here again.
I have usbank as my bank and only deal with bank of america for business deposits.
I seriously dread coming here.
Went to another location and got it done in 15 min.
Atm is down today, sunday nov. 11, 2018.
And monday is a holiday, so good luck getting anything accomplished here until tuesday.
They keep deleting my review, go to yelp, to read my review.
I would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage.
They jerked us around for almost 2 months to the point we switched to 5/3 bank.
5/3 got the farther in 2 weeks then dollar did in 2 months.
Unfortunately for us as we were closing with 5/3 our seller unexpectedly passed away.
Now we are in a wait and see mode with probate to see if we can still buy the house.
If dollar bank would have done their job we would have had this deal done before this happened.
My new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank.
Their back office in underwriting and processing is a joke and needs to be fixed badly.
Save yourself the trouble and avoid dollar bank at all costs
This bank has absolutely no customer service or technology that's anywhere near current.
Just in & out, no lines, no hassles
I am teenage girl who recently had frod on my account.
Stay away from this company!!
They scammed me into renewing my contract.
They will not allow me to speak with a manager.
They are always on vacation, off for the day or you get their voicemail and never get a return call.
I was told today (after being on the phone for 1hr 45min) that the supervisors "don't like taking calls".
I wouldn't too if i was running a scam business.
I should not have to pay that $595, this company tricked me and lied to me.
Mike takesky even told me i had no reserve funds in my account when i have just about $8,000.
He also told me someone else told him that as well.
I have no control over their notes and if their workers are doing their job.
I'm also occuring fee's with them every day.
They know that they charge me for fee's daily, and it creates a $34 fee in my bank each time.
Yet they do it anyways.
No emails are getting responded too.
This is a crazy nightmare, and worse of all, they have 8k of my money, freaky right?
Cancel my account, send my reserve funds.
I haven't used your service since feb because i was cancelling.
If i was still using it, then i'd understand, but i'm not.
I was referred to this place by an existing member.
I took the time to personally walk in, and inquire about their requirements on becoming a member.
The young lady at the counter was nice, and provided me the basic information in order to open an account.
I inquired about their loan programs, and she arranged for me to speak with another representative.
I waited in the lobby area, and was called to meet with tiffany in her office.
Regretfully, tiffany came across as inattentive, uninterested, and in a rush.
She didn't offer to provide any other details, or ask for my contact information.
She didn't try to discover what are financial goals are.
She was not focused on customer satisfaction.
And, it was clear she didn't find a reason to engage any further.
It was disappointing to not have utilized my time better sitting with tiffany.
He is arrogant and unable to admit when he screws up.
He never explained anything, my realtor had to explain step by step everything.
Supreme lending may be a great company but i would avoid ricky and his team.
**update** i'm curious as to what logs you would be referring to?
Logs ricky kept or actual phone, email and texts?
I have my phone records and all my text messages and emails  from ricky and my realtor.
My realtor  would tell me she would continually tell jennifer and ricky to call me about this and that.
And my realtor is not the one who went with a different lender as you stated.
I went and found a new lender because i was tired of not getting stuff explained.
You gotta step up your game man.
Whenever i come to this location, it's always packed and there's not enough tellers.
They need more of them!
The tellers looks unhappy and don't wanna be here.
Y'all  need to get it together.
Yesterday i went in to try to locate some private information stored in an old account.
Joseph castoire (i took his card) helped me.
I thank him for how much time he took to try to uncover the needed info.
Another very nice lady was helping too, don't have name.
I have banked with ohio savings since the 70's.
While i cant say that everything was perfect, the bank and i managed to work through most problems that occurred.
All things considered, i felt that there were worse options than keeping my money at ohio savings.
Here is where the problems began.
New york community bank has recently taken over all aspects of the business, including customer service, online banking and atm.
The name "ohio savings" has been erased from everything else.
Worse yet, the longstanding history of banking integrity has been erased as well.
What replaces it is totally unacceptable to any financial institution.
Poor service, poor customer relations, downgraded bank services, downgraded online security, are just a few examples.
This was the fault of new york community bank, not ohio savings employees.
Ohio savings is a classic example.
Check online ratings for new york community bank.
They are beyond horrible.
(i have applied a few corrections to my original post.
Basic content is unchanged)
You can try and remove all the negative reviews you want oneaz but that doesn't change the truth.
These people are the absolute worst.
I was told it would be okay since as long as i didn't go over 30 days with nonpayment.
So my mom agreed to pay the money to have her account open.
She couldn't even buy groceries for 4 days.
Her payments towards bills were declined as well and that i do not appreciate.
Keep my family out of it.
By the way desert federal is a much better credit union honestly.
Good thing i'm young because i have my whole life ahead of me not to affiliate with you guys.
Another example of the horrible management of information and poor processes done at this credit union.
We are in the process of moving our money to a better institution.
Drive thru atm's , walk up atm's , no public restrooms, in the 99 cent shopping center.charleston/decatur.
There can be some lines here.
Friendly tellers very efficient
I would give this place 6-stars if i could.
I've been with pc for probably five years now.
There's things they are good at (i.e.
Actually paying you interest and limiting bank fees) and some things they're not great at (i.e.
Dealing in foreign currencies, not having real physical banking locations, etc.).
I like that my savings account actually grows.
I like that i can use cibc machines without service charges.
I like the online banking.
My daily withdraw allowance is $1000, not to mention additional (i think $5000) for debit transactions.
Now have email money transfers...ftw!
---not recommended for--- 1.
People who want to see a teller 2.
People who don't understand how to online bank 3.
Those with bad credit (as this may limit your cash withdraw limit) 4.
I signed up for automatic debit payment and i missed a checkbox on the form.
They never called to tell me the form wasn't processed, even when i emailed them about it a month later.
My experience here was ok. nobody likes pawnshops.
They didn't give me what i needed or what i wad asking.
All pawnshops are ripoffs in my book.
They literally will rob you blind if you let them.
Do your best to just stay far away from these places.
They are only about there selfs.
Even tho it's not there money there spending.
If i worked there i would listen to the customer and why they really needed the money.
Maybe it's an emergency and they really need it.
But they don't care at all.
Love this credit union!
Customer service is incredible and the tellers are very friendly.
I always have an enjoyable experience here.
They also offer a free notary which is super convenient.
I have cashed checks of $11k $14k etc before without them ever needing to call to confirm with my clients.
Today i encountered kevin camp jr who called my client toco firm on a $2700 check.
I thought that was rude and told him so, as nobody had ever done so previously.
He told me i could talk to his manager so i agreed.
He then wouldn't drop it and talked about how it's his right to verify all checks.
She would take no responsibility which leads me to believe this behavior is tolerated and perhaps encouraged!
I will never be at this branch again and i encourage you to do the same.
That was a stupid immature and rude incident that didn't need to happen.
The accounts are free, but there is zero customer service, especially when you need it.
The "bankers" working in the store are shady, dont keep the bulk of your money there.
Tangerine is also free banking.
I will never go to a dealership again!
I was referred here by my bank, so i gave them a call.
I took a drive down there and there it was, the car of my dreams!!.
Eric made the process so simple and was so very sweet to work with.
I highly recommend this place if you're in the market for a new ride!
Pc financial is hands down consistently the worst banking institution.
Weeks ago, i ordered a money order of a considerable sum to purchase a car.
The expected delivery of the money order was 5-7 business days in the mail.
It is not well over 2 weeks since the order was placed and the cheque has it arrived.
My car was supposed to be picked up a week ago.
I strongly urge people to avoid pc financial at all costs.
I will be cancelling my services immediately and calling the police to investigate the bank for fraud.
Been coming to this credit union twice a month for the past two years to use the shared branch services.
On one other occasion in that time, i've been asked for more information than usual.
I addressed it with the manager ashley then, and informed her i'd never been asked for that much information before.
I was only too willing to let her know she needed to improve her training.
Same thing happened again today.
Was asked for more information  than usual, and questioned it.
Once again, the bubble headed ashley was unable to provide adequate information as to why the additional info was needed.
She blamed a rule change and i asked when the rule change went into affect.
Managers hate to be shown they're full of crap, and called on their b.s.
This is the second time i've called ashley out on hers.
There won't be a third.
I'll gladly drive a farther distance for better customer service.
Josue mac helped my husband and i tremendously today.
Definitely coming back to him next time we need anything.
Plus their office is always clean and super quick.
I like going in this my local branch bank.
Tito is an excellent manager and eli is very good to.
But venessa is superb.
She has the best customer service skills ever....what a doll.
She treats every customer like a they have a million dollars in the bank.
Thank you, liz henning!
You are an absolute gem, and everyone should bank at cuwest in prescott arizona because of you.
One nevada is still the best.
Suze was professional and informed, something that is becoming so rare in customer service.
She hooked me up with bill payer and answered all of my questions so patiently.
I will be fiddling a complaint.
Do not treat people as you do your family at home i ain't the type you do that too.
What a day start.
There are 3 lanes right, and 2 atms, no prob....
But wait, both of the atms are in one lane.
Absolutely worst design i have ever seen!
First year, great rate, no bank fee, awesome.
Years after, horrific experience.
I have $1000 literally taken away automatically from my account for no reason.
They will not call or inform you by any means, and they have admitted to that already.
The reason was that they could not reconcile with my deposit and consider that not their problem.
I have made deposit hundreds of times and have no problem with any other banks.
I requested then an investigation on it, but obviously it was just a stupid move.
Afterall, who is going to admit to their own wrongs!??
Final wordings from them, "there is nothing we can do about it."
So who knows where my $1000 went.
I have already gone emotional for days, but i guess banks have all their sayings in this world.
What can i do ...  their security system is close to nothing.
I have been asked on security questions that i have not set up at all.
I also have a master card with them.
Will be cancelling all my accounts and credit cards with them.
Great service and they really figure out the best route to take in what u want to accomplish.
Linda was very efficient and friendly made me feel very comfortable!!!!
I stopped by my local branch because of a problem with my account.
I had to wait over a half hour to speak to someone.
Other people were waiting, and one of them just got up and left because he was tired of waiting.
I like going in this my local branch bank.
Tito is an excellent manager and eli is very good to.
But venessa is superb.
She has the best customer service skills ever....what a doll.
She treats every customer like they have a million dollars in the bank!
I am currently in tucson and bank there but will be moving to the valley this month.
Please understand that this review is not directed towards them in any way.
I kept my chase account open just in case.
Boy, am i glad i did.
No, not out of country, as i do understand that would be a security factor, but out of state.
While other banks allow you to shut off this "security feature", with oneaz it is a requirement.
This is highly invasive, as well as terribly inconvenient.
What do i discover?
Not only was the one transaction frozen, but so were incoming and outgoing transactions from that week.
The woman was very nice and worked promptly to get things fixed for me.
It was not her fault at all, just want to add that.
This is not just inconvenient, this is utterly disgraceful.
Another awesome "feature" i've had the pleasure of trying out, is their smartphone check deposit feature.
I took clear photos of my checks and it never works.
I have used the same exact app feature for chase and never had any problems with it, not even once.
You seriously need to get your act together, and it's no wonder people prefer to do business with big banks.
I've purchased two cars from them and have worked with 4 of their consultants.
They are incredibly responsive without being pushy or overbearing.
I'm sad to say i'm leaving pc mastercard.
In terms of a rewards plan, i think it's a good one.
I spend a lot on my credit cards so i received a decent amount of free groceries.
It was a very happy relationship ... until they decided to cancel my card for being such a great customer.
I received a new credit card in the mail one day.
It had a different number so it wasn't a renewal.
My renewal wasn't due for another year.
I saw red for the simple fact that no one but me should make financial decisions on my behalf.
Also, if i don't activate my new one within 30 days, it will also be cancelled!
Is there something i'm missing?
Offer me a new credit card: fine.
Tell me i will have a new credit card and you can stick it where the sun don't shine.
I shop at sobeys now, btw.
My wife and i came in for an auto loan and rebecca and samantha assisted us.
Thank you both for the excellent work.
Unfortunately one star is the lowest that this rating could go.
I would give a negative score if i could.
Make deposits/credits disappear only to hit you with an overdraft fee.
I didn't have enough money in my account.
The real reason- they can't mess with my money/account so that it balances in their favor.
I thought my bank (which i have several accounts with, by the way) would be more appreciative of my business.
I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Unfortunately, i've just had a very bad experience with people at this branch.
I was given misinformation regarding a very important loan, and there is no one taking responsibility.
Usually, i have great interactions here, but you should double and triple check any information you are given.
I was immediately contacted by rebecca (thank you!)
After posting my review and i'm happy to say that i feel better than ever about banking here.
I've been a member of ssscu for 25 years now, and i wouldn't go anywhere else!
It depends on what time of day you arrive, this branch can get very busy.
Which makes the line move a bit slow despite most teller windows are open.
I have been banking with citi for 6 years and haven't had any issues.
This has been the worst experience with one nevada credit union buying a home.
Our initial closing date was 5/11 and that was pushed back a week later.
Calls just get forwarded to voicemail.
No reply to anything.
We are due to close tomorrow but have no clue what our status is.
All we want is a reply so we can be at ease.
Buying a home is a huge investment and stressful as is
After almost 20 years i am through.
I spoke to them about a charge for the first time ever and was told i needed a minimum balance.
I transferred the required amount to maintain that balance and the charge was reversed only to reappear the next month.
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
I won't be lied to or misled so i'm gone.
One transfer order placed and one on the horizon.
Nothing they say now can change my mind.
Shame on them for caring so little for a long time customer.
You also get free wire transfers to other banks.
How do they do that?
For atm services, you can use any scotia bank atm free of charge.
Oh, and one last thing, if you need to get international transfers, tangerine does not have a swift key.
If that is something you need often, you will need an account in another bank.
I have been banking at this location for 18 years, mostly out of necessity.
My complaint is that the service has markedly declined over the past 2 years.
The service is slow with typically 1 person working the counter.
It is very annoying to have to wait in line simply to cash a check or make a deposit.
There should be a clerk for customers that require a quick service and another for people with their business needs.
I never see the manger because they are always sitting in their office behind a closed door.
Sorry to see this branch going downhill.
This bank is very convenient!
Anytime i come here it only takes 5 minutes until i finish with everything i have to do.
The personal is always very helpful and friendly.
Also the parking in this location is good.
This is my first time banking with af .
Mid first bank credit card customer service is the worst!!!!
Credit card was hacked on saturday and was informed of this.
Called fraud department and was told a new card would be expressed and it would arrive on tuesday.
Tuesday came and passed.
Lied to by 5+ separate people.
So now i supposedly will get a call with a tracking number tomorrow and the card is being expressed.
Horrible service and continual stupidity throughout the credit card calls.
Wells fargo sets you up too fail.
This branch has the most helpful and wonderful employees.
I am so pleased they are close to my house!
They are always knowledgeable regarding products and services, and if they aren't sure, they find out instead of guessing.
I love the hours open on sunday!
Maybe it wasn't meant for me to bank with them anyways
I only come to this location!
I feel comfortable sitting with bankers they always know what they're doing.
Thank you for making the whole process so painless and hassle free!
The staff is very professional, attentive, and friendly.
We got our home refinanced in less than a month!
On 9/30/16 we found the perfect home in sedona, az.
Being from ny, we had no idea how home purchases worked in az, or even where to turn.
Searching yelp, we found pcm.
They are knowledgeable and easy to work with.
They also used e-signatures to move things along when we could not be in az.
When we first spoke with zac, the goal was to have thanksgiving in sedona.
We could not have done it without zac, sharon and tyler's support.
It was great team work and excellent service.
We highly recommend them.
I've been a regular to this location for the last 4 years or so.
I was sad when she transferred.
Today i decided to leave them for a branch closer to my home.
There was a small misunderstanding in the process, but chelsea p resolved it quickly.
She is nice, smart and customer oriented (rare combination these days).
I wish they had people like this at every location.
Tellers are unattentive and not concerned with your time.
My teller deliberately held me up and wasted my time..i should of got her name.
I was too frustrated.
Who would think that a simple task of withdrawing my own money would become a difficult one.
Bank somewhere else or visit another branch .
As a first time home buyer, jeremy and his team made this process a breeze!
I would absolutely recommend them to anyone, as well as use them again when the time comes.
They are all very friendly and responsive to any communication.
I never had any questions left unanswered.
Thank you so much to pinnacle capital for helping me buy my first home!
The atm here is a true cu$ credit union alliance atm.
Surcharge free for all credit unions who are part of the alliance nationwide.
I'm from pa and didn't pay a surcharge.
Thank you, first credit union for honest and ethical business practices!
!i just left after they refused to cash a company written check drawn on their bank.
It's my fucking money and you had no right to withhold my money from me any reason.
I want to give a special thanks to eduardo c. thanks so much for displaying such exemplary customer service.
As a professional in the customer services world.
I tip my hat off to you and your professional conduct.
Unfortunately i lost my wallet a couple nights ago and was a bit on edge the past couple days.
I have to get new cards, go to dmv, yada yada yada.
Krystina was my banker and she was very sweet and professional.
Made my week that much better getting my new debit card and cash in mah bank asap.
Def recommend her if you have any problems!
Everybody here is so friendly.
First time using the drive thru.
There are 3 lanes going right now.
Dont forget they have a notary for their customers.
I have used ing direct (ing) for high rate savings for a few years.
I am happy with the online services that i have received so far.
Per my experience, the website is easy to maneuver, and the transfer instructions are executed in a reliable manner.
This is a testimony of how well the software is written.
There is no minimum balance requirement, and is no fee for unlimited transactions.
I have never used its mortgage service, so i cannot attest to it.
It, though, has competitive posted rates.
Ing was bought by scotia bank (bns) in 2012.
Only time will tell if these high rates will stay.
In the meantime, ing customers enjoy the good time as long as it lasts.
This bank does not accept cash deposits.
They are forcing customers to open an account with a min $500 deposit.
I asked why they do not accept cash deposits i was told chase does it that way.
I will never be forced to open an account against my will.
You don't treat customers like that.
The lines are long and the service is slow.
You earn customers by good service not by miss treating them.
After some changes with rude tellers the bank is much improved.
I wish they had more than two tellers at all times.
Makes the wait time longer.
Gave 4 stars because the mortage department is top notch and stays on top of things.
I wanted to share my experience with founders in an effort to warn others of what to expect.
I visited founders a few days after i bought my house.
I needed to begin a new banking relationship in my new neighborhood and thought founders might fit the bill.
The inside was lovely and new, but the conversation felt like it was right out of 1950.
I mean, this isn't 1950, and those questions felt so antiquated and out of date to me.
The second bad experience was with barbara, she is in charge of loans.
I am leaving them by the end of this year.
So, it might be good for a personal account but not recommended for business.
Go to a reliable bank that can help you with your business.
We have some parent loans for our kids' college tuition which will be paid off by our kids.
Without my income, our debt to income ratio was a little high.
A large chunk of our income is being excluded!
We went with lender 1 who said we could not be approved till we sold our house.
They were not very knowledgable!
Lender 3 was fine, but would not return e-mails and calls.
Then they went on vacation too.
I went online and googled lenders.
We found marc trejo.
It was a long shot, but i called and talked to him.
I told him we were in a time crunch.
We found a house we loved, and we wanted to make an offer before someone else did.
Marc had us approved in less than 24 hours or the same day, can't remember.
He answered all e-mails in a timely manner.
We appreciated his help.
When we purchased our first two homes 22 and 15 years ago, it was easy.
This time around working with lenders was very difficult till we got marc.
For people with excellent credit, it should be easy.
We did have some complications, but marc helped us work around things.
He is definitely an efficient worker.
My kind of guy!
I like getting things done asap, so we will work with him again if and when we buy another home.
Where is the direction of banking heading?
You walk into the banks now and it's either empty or extremely busy depending on the timeframe you visit.
The fact that they have replaced about 3 tellers or more, for some of these virtual atm's is scary.
Walked right in no line 2 tellers!
It was ghost town like none of the cubicles were filled with bankers and the tellers were ummm there..
Very good customer service the teller who helped me was very professional and processed my transaction fast!
What else can i ask for?
"whoops we hit a snag"   broken atms for weeks now.
This branch is awful.
Run from this place!
Very slow more conversations amongst them selves than with customers.
This location use to be very people friendly, that was another time.
Oh gosh where do i start???
The customer service it the worst here.
Everytime i need to walk into the office to talk to one of the ladies.
You'll be waiting there for at least 30 minutes.
They make small conversations it's so annoying.
But the accountants here are even worse.
I hate how they treat people like we're dogs or something.
They think way too much of themselves.
Because the work in a bank???
Lolll fuck the people who work here!!!!
Seriously fuck you trolls!
Everyone here needs to be replaced for someone who actually likes working here.
And those who can be nice to others and respectful.
Once i was completely humiliated here.
And i won't ever come back here.
I bank here all the time and have come to expect the decent service that they offer.
The tellers and other staff are always helpful and go beyond what is expected.
That being said, all else is good.
Best part they don't have after hours customer service so when it happens your just screwed until they open again.
I understand that banks have policies and procedures.... yada yada yada.
But this should not be an excuse for terrible slow, inefficient and unfriendly service.
Once i finish with my business here i plan to cancel all services and have no plans to return.
You're better off stashing your savings under your mattress than put it in their hands.
$5 surcharge for withdrawing cash for non-bmo customers!
This is the worst service i have ever had....i think i'm done doing business with boa.
Bank of america seems to want to limit personal interactions.
3 people working offices with a checkin person.
Tried to check in online before coming but was unable.
They want you to use atm for deposits instead of walking in to deal with a teller.
You can complain but no one cares.
As i sit here waiting, they are directing people out of teller lines to use atm.
If you call them and ask them a question about banking, they will answer your question.
However, when you actually go in, their answer to your original question is rendered totally useless.
They do not communicate well and have been a huge let down.
I ended up closing my account so i won't have to deal with those jerks any longer.
Jason and his team are very helpful.
They are always knowledgeable and ready to help with any questions you may have.
I would definitely recommend them to anyone that is in need for a good insurance team.
I've always had great service at this branch.
Tellers are friendly and fast, and even visits with a banker are quick.
I've never had to wait in a line, and they always get me in and out, i really appreciate that.
They have great communication and competitive interest rates.
This by far is my favorite chase bank to go to.
The staff is always extremely kind and fun to talk to.
The location is very clean and nice to be in.
The staff is always very helpful and knowledgeable.
If human interaction isn't your thing, the atms on the outside are easy to use.
The absolute worst chase location i've ever been to.
The management is lazy and rude, they are under-staffed, have inexperienced tellers and randomly close the drive thru without signage.
The entire staff seems to think they are doing you a favor.
Once they finally get to you that is.
As a whole i enjoy working with chase bank however this location is not their shining star.
I will avoid this one from here out and advise others to do the same.
I'm a business and personal banking client.
Food was great, generous portions, they piled on the entrees, despite the to go box already pretty full.
Didn't see any old lady maybe that's why.
Just experienced great things here.
Simple but nice gesture.
Always friendly staff, quick service and a pleseant experience.
We have a pool loan here.
The online banking system is very flawed.
They do not process our mailed checks.
Twice this has happened.
We only mailed checks because they wouldn't allow us to to do anymore external transfers.
They will not allow us to transfer directly to the loan it's self.
It is a nightmare.
We've had two months of payments sitting in the account and they wouldn't do the transfer.
It resulted in a late payment.
They literally make it impossible to make payments unless you walk into the bank and do it in person.
For a smaller bank, you would expect greater customer service and more personal treatment from its management.
Unfortunately, their customer policies and banking solutions don't compare to their larger competitors.
Their treatment of good customers, when there is a discrepancy involved, is plain awful.
Once the heloc expires, there is absolutely no reason to bank there again.
I have to say that i have had a lot of time with different insurance companies.
This one has been one of the better ones.
Since i have a lot to insure, it is a big deal to find a good one.
They have insurance for all sorts of veichiles and homes, but not motor couches.
It is at times hard to find someone or a company to meet all your needs.
They do also do life plannning as far as insurance for death benneys and all.
It is  a good cpmpany and has been around for many years.
I think you should give them a try.
Convenient location... traffic pattern around the location is a downer though!
Now a days, i mostly use the atm at this location.
Very professional thorough timely abs accurate.....all great features in the mortgage process
Weirdest bank layout ever, no greeters, and not the best customer service.
Walked in wandered around found counter only to be told i needed to sit in an area to be serviced.
I own and operate a business out if tempe, however i live 2 min from this branch location.
The staff here always goes out of their way to help me and are extremely friendly.
So i was prompted to write this review due to my experience this afternoon.
But my girl amber at the desk did hook it up as she always does.
Amber - 5 stars rest of staff - 0
Every time i walk in here, i feel like a vip.
Most services i use charge no fee, which is a welcome change compared to wells fargo or bank of america.
This location provides prompt attentive service.
Member since 1984 and still very pleased.
Was able to apply for car loan with phone while traveling, then swing by this branch to accept paperwork.
Rates always competitive as well.
When i went back in he was already helping another customer so i got in line again.
Stumbled here before lunch at buca di beppo next door.
It was closed but they had two drive thru atms, no walk ups...
Pulled out cash and was one my way.
No interaction with anyone but a machine.
A machine that was covered from the sun and actually worked properly.
Thanks intouch credit union for providing me with access to my cash, with minimum fees.
I've went to a couple other bofa's in vegas and this is the only one i go to now.
Leslie always has the best customer experience.always so helpful and eager any questions i may have
I have waited a few days to write this review because, frankly, i had to have time to cool off.
A few days ago, i went to deposit a check in the atm behind the building.
I put the money into savings.
When i received my receipt, it showed a negative balance, even after i put in a rather large paycheck.
So i went inside and spoke with a teller.
When i put in my check, the fees gobbled it right up.
I guess three years of fees is pretty steep.
Kind of incredible to think that something in my name was sitting around with a negative balance of that long.
Well, of course, the date came and went with absolutely no money deposited into the correct account and no correspondence.
Furthermore, i called the boa hotline associated with commit cases.
Someone dropped the ball.
In a fit of controlled rage, i went into the bank to speak with the manager.
But in the end, how can you expect me to remain understanding when you tell me you lost my records?
It's a bank, for god's sake.
You're not supposed to lose things.
Especially not my money.
I spent a grand total of three hours in the bank trying to get this fixed.
That's a lot of passing.
The associates had no idea what was going on.
No one knew why it happened or how to fix it.
I must be more patient than i thought - i didn't swear once.
Okay, maybe some muttering under my breath, but that doesn't count.
I went to put more money into my account tonight.
I don't think i'll be staying with this bank much longer.
I don't think my sanity can take it.
I do have other options, ya know.
The parking lot is really empty, but i take it's because it is a new location..
Recently came in to open a checking account after researching other federal cu because you can never be too certain.
I went to the teller and the guy helped me set up some part.
It was odd to me that it doesn't have that bank atmosphere.
All the tellers are all professional but they talk amongst each other and have no dividers, unlike other banks.
All in all i was at sce for less than 20 minutes and it was a great first time experience.
Having jeremy schachter as our lender was the best experience my husband and i could have asked for.
This is the second time we purchased a home, and the process with jeremy far exceeded our initial home buying.
- jeremy is detailed and a clear communicator.
- he is patient and kind, always willing to answer any of our questions.
His team was also constantly available to us.
He was truly on our side the whole time.
I cannot recommend jeremy highly enough; he is the best of the best!
Beware of this bank!
We had original poa of course that had been notarized as required by law and directed by attorney.
Of course a family member would and could be named as a loved ones power of attorney!
Wouldn't that be most people's first choice?of course it would!
And definitely not quote state laws that they completely misinterpret.
Shame on you martha... you need educate your people so that this doesn't happen to anyone else.
Location always has an issue with the atm.
Either it doesn't take deposits or it doesn't have cash, get it together!
If i could give them 0 stars i would.
Gilbert, the store manager is the rudest bank employee i have ever encountered.
He needs to get off of his power trip and actually do his job.
If customer service is not for him, he should work elsewhere.
All the other chase locations are smart and fix their utilities before they close.
Such a waste of time...
I wanted to deposit some checks but not use the atm machine.
I got asked twice if i wanted to use an atm machine.
I said i didn't want cash i want to deposit into my account.
Whole thing took forever.
Contact the pinnacle capital mortgage family!
You will not regret it.
From response time, to options, to honesty, and to service level, the team here is nothing short of awesome!
Buying a house is a very stressful time, but jeremy and his team were amazing throughout the whole process.
Jeremy is extremely responsive, which i really appreciate.
He walked us through every step of the way and communicated throughout the whole process.
He even called and congratulated us when our house closed.
He explained things clearly and was very patient and professional.
We were ready to make an offer on a house on a sunday and didn't have a letter of prequalification.
Jeremy was out of town, but he had someone else available to provide that for us.
He totally had us covered in his absence.
I would highly recommend jeremy to anyone buying a house.
Can't wait to close my account!
Truwest will go out of their way to ensure you pay fees.
Additionally, they will charge you $35 overdraft fee, even if it's less than a dollar.
They tell me to drop overdraft protection.
Well guess what, apparently it drains their resources to do nothing.
And then they'll charge you a few days later for the same transaction.
I've paid $70 in fees for one transaction that they literally didn't have to lift a finger on.
So i walk in to make a car payment.
2 tellers were present to help.
I'm waiting to be called since no one else was in line.
The lady who is a manager calls me to her window, she just stares at me.
While walking up to her i could see her looking at me like as if i was dirt.
I let that go.
Then i try to tell her i'm here to make a car payment.
It was as if she didn't want to help me.
I give her my social and she could not pull anything up.
I told her i made payments here before then she shrugs and says she need account number..
I'm sure there are other ways to look accounts up.
I finally get account number and go to the other teller.
She was able to pull account up so i complained and asked how she( manager)couldn't  pull my account up?
Bottom line worst customer service ever from a manager at that
Finally a branch near me.
I dreaded the days i had to drive far north or south to handle things with my bank.
Staff is always friendly and helpful.
Jeremy and his team assisted me in buying my first historic home in downtown phoenix.
Jeremy truly cares about his clients and his team is extremely professional and service oriented.
This process can be complicated but jeremy and his team made it run smoothly with zero surprises!
You just select the account you want to deposit the money in and you can combine both cash and checks.
Banks are banks and let's be honest this isn't always your favorite errand to run especially on a lunch break!
I very rarely go inside the bank but yesterday i had no choice.
Well of course that wasn't the case so i needed a temporary card.
For starters when i walked in there was no visible person to greet and direct the "traffic".
Finally i was acknowledged and signed in to see a banker.
That wait was less than 5 minutes and got issued my temporary card.
My husband and i relocated from boston to phoenix.
Even with jeremy going on an overseas vacation, we didn't miss a beat.
Zach pitched in and kept things running smoothly.
The entire team was friendly and went above and beyond.
They responded immediately to our questions, no matter the day or time.
We would recommend pinnacle wholeheartedly!
Upon entering, i waited for a good 10 minutes at the customer service desk after signing in.
Despite being seen by tellers behind the glass window (not serving other customers), no one attempted to help me.
After waiting about 15-20 minutes, a family walked in and sat down next to me.
The next available banker went to the sign in sheet and called a name - their name!
- i was rather flummoxed, as i had signed in almost 30 minutes ago.
She walked out in disgust.
Too bad i didn't follow her lead at that time.
Would've saved me 30 minutes.
Don't waste your time at this branch; find another branch where the management team has their act together.
Great help getting my issues taken care of with my account!!!
Thank you :)) their bankers are extremely friendly and know their stuff.
Sigh of relief when my problem was solved within a matter of hours.
I highly recommend wells fargo, especially for small businesses and sole proprietors.
I wanted to give this business five stars, but the reality is they are, after all, bankers!
But as far as my lobby visits are concerned, they have all been swell.
There is sometimes a wait, because they normally only have one teller working.
But other than that, most people here are nice and helpful.
If you come here enough, they will know you, due to its small size of staff.
Great working with the tellers they are always friendly helpful.
We have many different types of accounts with them for the past 10 years
Terrible customer service at this location.
I needed a certain currency exchange.
They said the guy they had that currency comes in at 11.
No one would get a manager to help me.
Problem solving and customer service at this location are not priorities.
This bank is in a bad part of town and the attitude of the employees here shows it.
Sontino graham gave us the best service you could receive.
Definitely recommend going to him
The short version:  i can't imagine having worked with anyone else for our first mortgage.
Through every single step of the process, he was all we hoped for and beyond.
We also had several "what about...?
", "how does ...
General questions about home financing throughout the process, and he was equally responsive and thorough.
We wanted to close asap, and jeremy and his team was *on it*.
Jeremy personally attended our closing.
Even after closing in mid-february, jeremy has been available still to answer questions.
Been banking with them since before they ever dreamed of being a wells fargo.
This is my closest branch location to work nowadays and i've been using them frequently in my "extreme adulting".
Aka: investing and nerding out about iras and all that.
Anyways, i'm gonna spare the internet bots my personal info.
Staff here has been incredibly observant, reliable and helpful.
However, it seems like many of them talk really fast and have accents to boot.
Makes things a little hard to understand.
Best advice i can give: slow it down a little!
When you inevitably do end up asking many questions though, they will answer them and explain them fully.
You always have to make sure to read the fine print and ask every question.
They've never once made me feel stupid for asking a question.
Seems lots of people are lighting up wells fargo, bank of america and basically all of the banks these days.
I'm not picky about banks and i'm not threatening to run off with another bank and move my money.
I don't think wells fargo or bank of america are any better than the other.
They're just huge financial institutions where we all keep our money so we can use it on the daily.
Nothing more, nothing less in my opinion.
Staff was very helpful and very professional.
Like most chase branches here in arizona customer service is superb.
I've banked with chase for a while now and i love my experience every time i go into a branch.
Truwest credit union is awesome!
I enjoy banking with them.
They provide great customer service and the employees are very knowledgeable of the different services they offer.
Gaby the girl in the front is always rude and never really want to help.
I come in twices and each time she always give us judgement looks.
Always never say hi or bye or even thanks.
I dont understand why she so rude .
She just say you will just have to wait intill they called you.
So i felt uneasy about how responed.
Gaby our bank rep is rude and unhelpful.
I really disappointed everytime i see her .
She never say hello or bye or thank.
She just plain rude.
We basically always have to ignore her when i see him in the front.
I hate going to the branch.
I just want a nice rep to assist me .
I even thinking about going oj the weekend or driving all the way up north just to ignore her.
I'm super disappointed in nfcu and their staff training.
If you need help, go see kayla williams.
She is patient and knows what she's doing.
Whether it's opening/closing accounts, offering financial advice, anything, see kayla williams.
I'm leaving my bank to bank at wells fargo and kayla is a lot of the reason why.
I hate talking to people about money, but she is understanding and so so so helpful!
Samuel gave me excellent customer service!!
He greeted me with a smile and asked how my day was going!
I wouldn't go elsewhere!!
Thank you samuel for your wonderful customer service!!!
They recently introduced a new online banking platform without notifying us about it.
Our patience is seriously tested every time we have a simplest thing to do.
We gave them multiple chances but they just don't deserve it.
We are taking all the money to a different bank.
This is the slowest branch i have ever been to.
I waited in line 15 minutes while 1 teller juggled between the lobby and drive-thru line.
We couldn't speak more highly about nor recommend more enthusiastically jeremy and his team of top notch professionals.
They made the process as easy to follow and navigate as possible, and even made it fun at times.
If you're thinking about buying a home, call jeremy at pinnacle.
Stay away from this bank, especially this downtown scottsdale branch.
I walked into the lobby, greeted by a teller.
Scanned my wf card and transferred (i thought) $300 to an artist, a business transaction.
My note, handed directly to the teller, contained the artist's name, account number and address.
The teller conducted the transaction, handed me my receipt and i departed.
Two days later, my artist calls, asking "where's the money."
This bank manager insists i did this online (incorrect).
Guess i'll find another bank and kiss my $300 good-bye!
Don't bank at wells fargo!
I have closed three home loans with mary vrana and her team over the past 6 years.
Each time has been exceptional.
They are always easy to work with and very professional with strong communication and follow through skills.
Their interest rates and terms are very competitive.
I have closed on a fha, va, and conventional loans that have always closed on time.
Save yourself a lot of time and money by giving sun american mortgage a call for your next home loan.
The worst customer service!!!!
After they told me to wait in the waiting area, no one looked at me or talked to me.
When i stood up, a woman with a beehive hairdo (maybe manager) said she'd be 8 minutes.
Then she continued to talk to the other employees about hours etc.
I left and won't come back.
I'm not going to beg you to give to take my money.
I'm in hr and i'd fire the whole bunch.
They don't understand the commoditized business they are in.
There was literally no wait to speak to a banker to assist me.
Going into the bank is a pain.
But if there were more bankers like lakiesha it would no longer be so tedious.
The most efficient i have ever seen this place 4 tellers were working and only 1 customer in line.
While other "greeters" milled around.
I left and came back an hour later, as this is a convenient location to my place of business.
There was still a line to the door.
I hope these weren't the same people when i left.
By far the worst credit union!
The customer service is beyond rude.
I opened an account on 3/8 and they made me come in to do my signature for my card.
Well today is 3/18.
I call and spoke to another lady who says they never ordered me a card.
How am i supposed to use my new checking and savings account.
Hello i thought i did when i went into the branch on 3/8.
He even told me to close it.
Way to lose  customers for your lack of care and attention to detail.
Do not give them your business
A little preface for you..
I already hold a personal account with us bank.
I normally frequent the safeway location on waddell.
The normal crowd there is always friendly and sociable with anyone.
I go into this location today, with my wife, we were not greeted.
Then another individual comes in and again, nobody greets him.
Before the "well they may have been busy" excuse is brought up..
Again, i won't perpetuate the racial crap but seriously?
Tell me i'm wrong..
This is pathetic service from these sad excuses of human beings at this bank.
A big shame on you three at the bank in question.
Karma is going to be a bitch for you people.
Signed,  one sincerely pissed off combat veteran.
Jeremy and his team are the gold standard!
I couldn't have been more pleased with the loan process and their dedication to helping us secure our loan.
They are dependable, professional and honest.
They made the process so efficient and easy.
The answered all of our questions quickly and clearly.
The video updates about the process and what to expect were great.
I don't bank with boa but i went in to deposit money for a friend from out of state.
First, i wasn't greeted by my teller.
Second, he rudely told me i grabbed the wrong deposit slip.
When he finished running the transaction, he handed my receipt and asked, "anything else?"
I said, "nope, that'll be it."
He didn't say anything else.
No thank you for coming in or telling me to have a great day.
All i wanted was the fee taken off but they didn't even try they said they couldn't.
Leaning toward leaving bank of america because of poor service.
Soooo i happen to be in the car every with my handy hands ready to "check in".
I am a boa kinda girl.
Back in high school i got burned by a wf employee and switched.
Yeah, i roll with grudges like that.
But paul likes it so....its gets a 2 star!
I understand that i am not now, nor will i ever be your best, most profitable customer.
I don't make a lot of money, i am living paycheck to paycheck and barely making ends meet.
But none of this means your employees have the right to treat me like a second class citizen.
When the customer has a great experience they tell 3 to 4 people.
On the opposite end of the spectrum.
I am a relatively new customer to wells fargo.
Yesterday was a completely different story.
I will start by apologizing, as i was out of line at the end of the transaction.
I drove off and flipped the teller off.
I rushed over to make it to your branch before they closed.
I went through the drive through, only wanting to deposit this check.
My friend and i waited for 10 minutes.
The teller never apologized for the wait or explained what the hold up was, she just left us waiting.
I am still in a great mood at this point though.
Finally she comes back and advises simply that my check is being held.
I ask why and until what date.
This is when the conversation goes downhill.
Are you kidding me?
Her first reaction is to tell me to take my business elsewhere??
She was so condescending and rude i was shocked.
But i let it go and collected my id, debit card and receipt.
I noticed the receipt read the deposit was $3669 and that $3469 was being held.
I pressed the call button and asked the teller about the $200 difference.
I tell her its not clear on my receipt, that's why i am asking.
She responds by telling me she is going to get her manager.
The manager comes over.
I say again, its not clear on my receipt.
She again cuts me off and tells me its clear on my receipt.
She cut me off and repeated herself 3 times.
I was so furious i drove off and that is when i flipped her off.
Again my apologies, but again, this does not validate how i was treated.
I went into the branch as soon as they opened this morning and spoke with a manager.
Again, i had not raised my voice this entire time.
There were no circumstances that i should have ever been treated like that.
Yes i flipped them off, but that was at the very end of the transaction as i was driving away.
She was just giving me lip service, and barely made any real effort at that.
What reason do i have to stay?
Let's start off if i could give no stars i would !!
I also have access to his account online.
And the reason i'm giving a simple bank five stars?
They called the next day to make sure that i was extremely satisfied.
I've never had bofa call me to make sure i was satisfied!
It's the little things!
I absolutely love being a chase customer.
They have been so terrific to me.
I used to bank with wells fargo and bank of america and i would never go back.
Thank you chase for never letting me down.
I am a customer for life.
Part of the reason i got rid of this bank.
They wouldn't let me deposit money into my husbands account but they said i can get a check.
I'm not trying to take money out of his account i'm trying to deposit.
The staff in this department is so unfriendly.
One of the assistants behaves like i owe him something.
He never smiles, and shows his reluctance to work with a customer!
This is my go to bank.
I am forever grateful as i am still very young- 16. and i dont know too much about money management.
Jeremy schachter helped one of my closest friends with her mortgage.
He was extremely professional and delivered on all promises including delivering a fantastic rate and excellent customer service.
He was always available for questions and addressed all concerns in a professional manner.
I will absolutely be using jeremy schachter and pinnacle for my new mortgage on my next home mortgage.
My first few stops included long waits & longer application forms.
Erica asked a few questions and suggested the perfect account for my needs.
This bank is open 7 days a week & they waive charges at non- midfirst atms!
L look forward to being a customer at midfirst.
There answer was they have to protect themselves !
What crock of sh.... !
They are the last of all investment services i use to get my tax information to me.
Shows they really care.
This is a horrible credit union.
I was a customer for over 20 years, auto deposit and never so much as a bounced check.
I got the bbb involved, and they finally agreed to the short sale.
So they filed against my credit for the short sale in 2012.
Then i had to pay taxes on the 'home loan' write off.
I have submitted a dispute and will contact the bbb,
This branch has got the best employees.
Jeffery and savannah were extremely helpful and knowledgeable about everything.
They both led me in the right direction and gave me future advice on my next loan.
Thank you savannah and jeffery.
If you need help with anything at this bank this branch and their staff are the best.
Nfcu should give them recognition for all they do especially with dealing with call center people.
These guys are the face of navy federal.
Trying to cash our own wells fargo check at this branch was too much work.
Even after being told we do not have our debit card he wanted our pin which we do not know.
Then he wanted us tell him the number of the last check we wrote.
What a hassle getting online to check the account.
Too much to cash our own check or get cash out of our account.
Beware of this branch!
We returned home to a phone call advising us that our account had been hacked while we were in vegas.
We have never had an issue like this until we entered this branch.
I noticed that i was getting charged a $10 service fee on my savings account.
They offer me $5?!?!
What a slap in the face!
I closed my account immediately.
I will never again bank with wells fargo and will tell anyone i know to stay away.
They have no concept of customer service.
Do not go to this branch-terrible service!!!
I am a new customer within the last 30 days.
All my direct deposits have been set up as well as online bill pay.
When setting up my account i was told that my initial check deposit would be held for 5 days.
All other checks deposited after that would not be held.
I was not informed of this when setting up my account.
They were going to report this branch as this is at the discretion of the branch manager.
She was friendly, outgoing, and warm.
I cannot say enough good things about her.
She went above and beyond.
I will only go if she is there.
Exceeded all of my expectations.
They are slow and rude and i only have a sister branch with them.
I will never open an account here.
I have been with them for over 10 years.
The staff is always friend and willing to help.
Never had a problem!!
So far so good!
They're also compatible with my los angeles federal acct.
The tellers are also very polite
I would consider opening a chase account based on my experience at this location.
Plus they have free cookies =)
I was in the chinatown area and needed to do some banking.
I stopped here at the drive through atm.
The only problem is the area is like a maze.
You have to drive to the back, make a u, and then come up to the atm.
Getting out on spring mountain is iffy at best.
Then i found out i could exit via arville.
Another time if i stop here again.
Wells fargo is the rudest bank on planet earth.
They have a greeter who demands you sit down.
They treat you like cattle or small children.
I am so glad after today i no longer will haft to do business with this company.
I stopped here to use the atm.
It was ok for what i needed but it's generally out of my way and i don't stop here.
We have had a mortgage with them for 10 years.
In that 10 years we have not missed a payment or been late.
Our mortgage just adjusted and we wanted to get ahead and see what offers were available before it adjusted 11/2016.
The bank told us we had to contact the loss mitigation department.
We filled out all the paperwork and submitted.
How am i supposed to live off 400 at the end of the month.
The last representative who contacted me asked,  "why are you paying odd amounts on your mortgage?"
(hence the loss mitigation application) " could i apply for a payment plan?"
No, you don't qualify for that?
I would recommend marking this mortgage company off your list before you get started looking for a home loan.
Bank of america is an institution of pathetic, dishonest thieves!
I deposited a check here last month after hours into the drive up atm.
The atm rebooted as soon as i inserted my check.
I waited ten minutes and the machine finally started back up and spat my card out but not my check.
I took a picture of the atm number and reported it the next day, initiating a claim.
I will be calling on monday to dispute this decision.
I will never bank here again, and neither should you.
I am a mortgage broker and am always in need of someone to help my clients acquire hazard insurance.
I would recommend sean to everyone without hesitation.
Hands down the most friendly staff!!
In the history of ever....
Every time... so i always leave with a smile or a laugh thank you
Posting this while waiting in line .
26 year customer here- i think duvel is one of those insurance agents that you don't come around anymore.
I think when all of your friends use the same agent you can really say it's a "neighborhood" insurance agency.
Even after having graduated from college i haven't looked elsewhere because i really love this bank.
Now it's been about 6 years since i've done my personal banking with them and at this location.
Zac has made this process extremely smooth and has been really attentive.
I would highly recommend pinnacle capital and zac to anyone!
To my surprise and delight, i had absolutely no wait!
Nice seating area for waiting.
The tellers are well protected with the security glass.
Service was fast and efficient.
Saw 2 atms which were both inside the building.
Did not notice any outside or any drive up atm either.
Parking is a bit tight.
Almost witnessed an accident when we were there.
For the most part, i wish all my experiences at b of a branches were like this.
The best bank in las vegas!
Easy to work with, no monthly fees, only one dollar to open & great customer service!
Thank you america first!!
Zac and his team are incredible!
He was insanely fast with providing our pre-qual letter as well as processing everything for our loan.
While we don't have previous home buying experience to compare, we can tell that zac is absolutely top notch!
If you want someone who is responsive and knowledgable, zac is the guy to go to!
Not a fan of ohio savings bank.
A couple of weeks ago i deposited two checks using the mobile deposit app.
Underneath the endorsement you have to write "nycb mobile deposit", which i did on both.
About 5 days later i write my rent check.
And my account had a negative balance of over $400.
And a $36 bounced check fee.
I was never told to do this, nor did i ever see any box to be checked.
When i looked, it's printed so light and so small you don't notice it.
I have been depositing checks this way for months and there was never a problem.
They're worse than the mob.
Very sneaky way to get more $$ out of you.
If your looking for a home bank don't waste your time here.
We have been with intouch for about six years now.
We moved from vegas to hawaii back in 2014.
We kept intouch as our mainland bank as we had two open car notes and credit cards with them.
We moved back to las vegas in 2015 sold one car and shipped another.
So when we moved back we needed two cars.
Get rid of the vette and another for the one we sold.
Intouch would not finance us for another car.
Reason being we moved back to vegas and just started a new job.
To top it off my husband works in the auto industry and had sent them tons of business.
We got financed by other banks no problem.
Ended up buying a range rover and a lexus ls460l.
Was furious that they did not want our business.
Friendly service up front.. yeah but that's about it... go to amerifirst much better credit union!
I am not a yelper but i am so impressed by midfirst bank and this location i had to.
I only wish i could give them more than five stars.
Every employee is beyond fantastic and their hours are not to even being close to being competed with.
I have only used the drive through...these are the nicest tellers i've ever encountered.
Fast, friendly and great are the words i can describe founders.
They are a great place to bank with.
I have been with them since 2011.
They call you when they see unusual charges to your account.
Forget bb&t, bank of america or wells fargo.
This place is the ideal place to handle your cash.
There is a long line every time i come here.
I'm writing this review while i'm waiting.
Like a bad neighbor, tom harman state farm is never there.
Save time and money and don't bother dealing with these guys.
They overcharge us every month, and we've complained every time and they apologize, promise to refund us, and don't.
Then they overcharge us again the next month even more.
We finally disputed the difference with our credit card after 5 months of this.
And they just sent us new cards for a car we sold 4 months ago.
Nothing but issues with this branch.
Reporting to state farm headquarters and switching.
They don't know what they're doing.
That's where a place like this comes in.
You give them your money, then when you need it back, you just go ask for it.
They have these things you can write on, to make it so you can give your money to other people.
You then give them more money than you took out to begin with.
You can do the same for the purchase of an abode.
You can spread out the abode payments for up to 30 years, how crazy is that?
They do other things to either take more of your money, or make it so you have more money.
And all this time, i had kept my money under the bed.
This place is amazing.
He's very informative and makes banking or whatever it's called!
I'm gonna go bank next week to set some more stuff up!
Go here if you want great friendly service
The employees seem friendly enough however they are not efficient in this profession.
Either the lack of training or staff, perhaps both is hindering this branch to reach its potential.
I am appalled to call these "financial professionals" colleagues.
When i was finally seen by the banker, i informed him of my discontent & he barely acknowledged it.
He basically went on the offensive starting that i needed to understand that they are all busy.
I ended up closing my account due to this experience and his attitude.
In both cases i was the first in line and had completely different outcomes.
Level of service, awesome!!!
Everyone smiles and says hello the moment you enter the bank and everyone is eager to be of service.
Good business hours too.
Fast and friendly drive thru service.
The layout is different than most banks i've been too, but it works for their location.
You have to press the send button to get the tube,but easy peasy.
Customer service will change the ratings of this bank.
Upped to a two star rating because of the courteous lady teller working the back window of bank.
First time at this branch, no greeting from anyone after a few minutes of waiting in line.
Even a simple, "will be with you shortly," would have sufficed.
Additionally, it was another customer who told me to approach the back of bank to get assistance.
Hope they will improve.
We just moved all.of our accounts to this bank.
They were very helpful in setting up a new business account and moving the rest of our personal accounts.
Michael the bank president was great to work with, and i would recommend them to anyone.
I'm leaving a happy customer and would highly recommend this branch to anyone in the area!
Just opened an account and refi my truck loan.
Easy process, great service, super friendly, smiles and great corporate phone service as well!
So far so good!
Please don't change like one nevada fcu whose deteriorated significantly over the years!
In their infinite wisdom, the powers that be closed the drive-thru windows.
Now you have to park, walk inside, then all the way across the bank to the teller windows.
That's just fine for people without mobility issues, but try it with a cane, walker, wheelchair, etc.
Like i told the girl who waited on me, this branch is the opposite of good customer service.
Website is always down.
My mobile checking deposit was turned off without warning.
When i called to ask why they said i no longer qualified because i had a charged off business account.
I cannot do this given where their locations/hours are versus my work schedule.
Jeremy really worked hard to get a quick closing and a competitive offer for me.
He stayed in touch and came to signing for closing.
He really earned my business.
This is our second time at refinancing with jeremy.
It could not have gone better.
He was great to work with and got us financed at an incredible rate in a very short time.
He makes the whole process effortless.
I would definitely recommend him to everyone.
I couldn't be happier.
My wife and i have worked with pcm a few times over the past 10 years and are truly impressed.
They have always been on the top of their game and are extremely professional.
Fast, efficient and thorough are just a few words that describes how they handle their business.
They treat you like family and above all with respect.
Zac white delivered on all his promises.
I went with this company based on reviews of what other people's experience was like.
I was expecting this to be a long drawn out process.
I couldn't have been more wrong.
Zac worked tirelessly with his company to get this done.
I would get responses by email within hours even during nights and weekends.
If you're looking to refinance look no further.
These guys are an a+ company!!!
Will recommend them to everyone.
Thank you again zac  cale mccann
Would rate at 0 stars if possible.
My company is national, and we've been using chase for years; they know who we are.
But each time i go in, again, in uniform, they act like i'm some random person off the street.
Horrible bank they steal your money!!
Don't bank with these criminals
The thing is, the technology is super out of date.
You can barely hear over the drive through speakers at any location in the valley.
Five stars for the tellers.
Nice as can be.
One star for the managers.
Yes, i am on the account.
Does it not say my name on your teller's screen in front of you?
Yes, i am married, why is that your business?
No, i do not want your credit card and i don't need a reason.
Is there a problem with my account to where you needed to start this conversation with me?
Okay, then good day.
Work on your customer service skills because you don't come off as curious and helpful, but as ignorant and pushy.
Needs a drive-thru atm.
Run far away from this bank.
Read the headlines about wells fargo - they have an awful culture that pushes aggressive sales incentives at any expense.
Unfortunately, this company does not care about relationships.
They do not care about customer service.
They do not care about doing what is right.
They owe my small business over $4,000 and refuse to give it back.
*special note* if you ever run into an omar foster in merchant services, run the other direction.
If you care for more details, here is my story.
As a loyal wf customer, i never even thought about opening up an account anywhere else.
At stripe, i paid 2.9% + 30 cents per transaction.
Omar looked at my stripe statements and told me i could save money.
In fact, he said i could pay 2%.
Even though the savings was significant, i hesitated.
Something about omar made me not really trust him.
I know now that i should have listened to my intuition - a mistake that would cost me dearly.
I found out 90 days later that we were paying around 5%.
Now mind you, we are a business-to-business company and omar knew that.
Then we were told that we would not be refunded the difference for those 3 months.
Fast forward another month.
I'm now paying over 6% and all i've heard from these people are excuses.
Just excuses and "no" when i ask for them to make this right.
Now my company has to cut back to try to recover from these extra fees we did not budget for.
Bottom line: -this company will not make things right when they make a mistake.
They try to cover their tracks and will make any justification that will support their weak position(s).
-look at the recent headlines about wells fargo.
This is a corrupt organization with an atrocious culture that promotes sales initiatives over everything else.
They are even making fake accounts to meet sales quotas.
If you absolutely have to do business with this awful company, i recommend you ask for hinal.
I wish i could give this bank zero stars for the treatment we received.
We drove 135 miles to this bank in order to cancel my mother's account.
We provided all the requested documentation, but were refused a check as they said their legal dept.
Had to review my power of attorney over my mother's account.
I would give 0 stars if i could.
I went in to open a teen checking account for my daughter 5/16 .
Received all account paperwork in the mail explaining fees and such.
3 months later i notice a $10 fee being charged per month ($30) .
I go into the branch and "rocio" is no longer there.
I now notice $40 in fees and go into the branch to get the fees waived.
She went through notes the manager left on my account and it was complete lies.
She said "well, it's here in notes" and my reply was "so, it's true?".
Her reply was "she had a debit card so she can receive phone calls".
She said the manager would be calling me at 9am this morning......still waiting.
Bye wells fargo, hello chase.
What an amazing experience.
He walked us through the process step-by-step and made us feel like we were his only client.
Day or night jeremy and his team were available for questions and any concerns along the way.
This all resulted in finding the prefect house to make our home.
I came to get some papers signed and they literally took an hour!!!!
There was no where to sign in or anyone saying anything.
Never again will i come here.
Today i went to wells fargo & it wouldn't allow me to take money out of my savings.
Right after i was driving off i got a text & call.
Both verifying that i was the one who tried to take money out of my account.
5 stars for sure!
Last week i called them and they were beyond helpful, they went over and above to help me.
Very professional and respectful!
I don't write too many reviews, but they deserve a big thank you for their help!
The worst credit union ever!
They recently converted their credit card to a new system.
Each time i pay them through my bank of america billpay, they cannot find the payment since this happened.
It took 10 days the first time for them to locate my payment.
And now i've made 2 additional payments - nowhere to be found.
And the worst thing, nobody can give me answer why.
Their customer service is the worst.
They never call back with a solution.
I emailed their help line, no response.
I will not be using their credit card again, and will be closing my savings account.
Would not accept a check of my mothers from her business account to personal stating it was not her signature.
Thereby claiming i forged the check.
When i confronted that suggestion i was told her signature was inconsistent.
So shes in her 80s and shaky it actually was perfect for her.
My mother flipped out.
I thought she was gonna have a heart attack.
Good thing dad is passed away woman or not he would have belted her.
She accused me again while standing there and caught herself.
Maybe in a few days she wud see if she wud allow my mother money.
If need be she wud pay a bill.
Really locking up and stealing funds from a client.
They should get a zero.
Considering filing defamation and theft charges
Robin d apparently doesn't know how exchange rates work.
Excellent value every time and almost 1/10th the cost of td.
Please calforex, start carrying isk!
The bank rates suck!
Jeremy, sharon, and tyler at pinnacle capital mortgage are wonderful!
They helped me refinance my home and really made sure i had all of my questions answered at all times.
The software they use to keep your file and paperwork submissions going is very easy to use and quite convenient.
I visited for the first time happened to be in the neighborhood needed a debit card.
The banker was fast and professional.
Great branch and staff
There is never more than just one teller!!!
After some online research went into this location and worked with kenny, who was amazing (all while under the weather).
He was quick and polite and really helpful.
I am so pleased to make this switch and cannot wait to do eveything through them all for free!!
Sean and his team are the best!!
Always responsive and super helpful.
I definitely recommend sean overlock!
Bad service lazy employees.
This place only gets 3 starts because laura was really helpful and fast !!!
Easy and painless process, will definitely recommend this branch if you are in the area.
Normal corporatized bank....no urgency, piss poor customer service and no real sense of direction.
You might go to the other location to do this".
What a freaking joke
Lines move quickly, they serve coffee & snacks, and they are always friendly.
Drive thru atm's also.-really why is there braille on the drive-thru atm?
I have been attempting to set up a checking account all over town.
Most banks had high fees, check holds and all kinds of hoops to jump through.
Also, the other banks staff was not all that helpful.
Go to wells fargo at  2501 sth rainbow blvd, on the sth west corner on rainbow & sahara.
Ask for amitra burks.
She made this experience easy, understandable, welcoming and fun!!
As long as i am to be living in vegas, i will do all my banking with, amitra!
Chase credit cards no longer provides e-bills to other banks.
This makes online bill pay a lot of work.
My favorite people at my favorite financial institution are at this navy federal location by luke afb.
I know just about all the faces every time i walk in and it's always a comfortable feeling.
They've helped me with all sorts of banking needs, from home, to auto loans, credit cards, multiple accts, etc etc.
I've never had any issues with them and i'm glad they exist.
I can't wait for them to open up a closer location as this one and mesa are very far apart.
Went here to get chinese yuan for a trip.
Fortunately i got my visa elsewhere (visa center proved cheap, quick, and professional: http://www.yelp.ca/biz/visa-center-toronto).
The boc was recommended to me as a place to get yaun in toronto at a favorable rate.
I went on a saturday.
As the other reviewer notes, there's a "take a number" machine.
You don't find this in many canadian banks but this system is quite common in asia.
And you appreciate it in asia.
Maybe call me susan?
Despite the efficiencies of the take a number system, the tellers here move at a glacial pace.
Ah the chinese grandmother who then tried to explain to them they weren't jumping in front of anyone else.
Ah, the look of confusion on their faces.
"but but i'm a little empress back at home.
I always get my way.
You don't see that at canadian banks, neither.
Anyway, one extra star for the floor show.
But save time and just hit an exchange kiosk on spandina (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/nhvn-ngan-ha-vn-inc-toronto).
Don't change much money to begin with.
Just have enough for the airport, transportation to your hotel etc.
You might find you're only saving a matter of 20 yaun ($5).
It ain't worth my time.
I've always had good customer service here... but i'm making sure it happens if it is ever lacking.
I don't think this branch is much different than any other... or any other bank.
Jeremy and his team were amazing to work with.
Despite the extra work involved, jeremy handled everything beautifully and we were able to close when we needed to.
Of utmost importance to me, jeremy was extremely responsive to every (sometimes ridiculous) questions that i had.
Would recommend him to anyone looking to buy in phoenix.
Gave it 4 stars.. great first time but i do not trust banks in general..
So i'll update after 6 months of how service is really treating me!
This branch is tricky (on the corner of spring mnt and arville.
Diagonally across from arco gas station).
Parking is confusing ..
I saw the atm center that was in the back and realized coming in from spring mnt was difficult.
I advise using arvilles side.
Met with bridgette right away - who i give the 3 stars too!!
Great customer service floats my boat and hearing about wells fargos banking service added one more star.
* keep in mind my grandmother said to not bank with them , for some odd reason ?
Older people know what's best but i am taking a leap of faith !
Great experience on the inside of this big branch!
One happy and new customer.
I'm always greeted with a smile and attentive quick service.
As far as banks go, chase has provided far superior service than any other bank i have ever used.
In general every bank of america has the worst customer service of any bank i've ever used.
This branch is no exception.
They do not care about helping people, especially the "personal bankers" and management.
Their level of service continues to decline as i went in to close out a safety deposit box.
It should not take a lot of time to turn in my keys and sign a piece of paper.
I will be closing all of my accounts with them soon.
I have had quite enough of the poor treatment.
Decided to go with a credit union over my main stream bank that kept charging me fees for stupid reasons.
Went into this location and had a great experience.
They had my accounts setup and a real usable check card exteremely fast.
My old bank took days and 3 weeks to get my check cards in the mail.
So far so good when you go in ask for bebe she is extremely nice and helpful.
This is the best bank out there.
I would never wanna leave this bank.
I love it !!
The staff is always really nice and helpful as well
Just an update for anyone interested.
After working with wells fargo corporate for months, this issue is still not resolved.
Last month, my business paid around 5.5% to process credit cards through them, which is outrageous!
I paid 2.9% at stripe before being convinced to switch to wells fargo to "save money".
3) gravity payments - i ended up switching to them after this awful nightmare.
They do not have all of the monthly and annual fees that wf charges.
Whatever you do, do not switch to wells fargo for credit card processing.
They charge monthly and annual fees you do not have to pay elsewhere.
This bank does not value your loyalty.
I have done so much business with wells fargo over the last 25 years and they do not care.
They made a mistake and their employee lied to me, but they refuse to make it right.
I've been to chase locations all over town.
This branch has the slowest service in town, in the drive thru.
People backing up and getting out of line is a common occurrence.
I would right now,  if there weren't 2 cars behind me.
This is my third try at this location.
What bank executive thinks that not offering notary services in the branch is a good idea?
Wells fargo is less than a mile away, and they understand customer service
This bank is the worst wells fargo i have ever stepped foot in.
There is always a massive line out of the door.
The tellers are always rushing you and they are ridiculously understaffed.
Only two tellers dealing with a line 10 deep of people.
While the other teller is taking care of a guest, the other is moseying around.
This was on 3/5/18 12:03 pm.
I'm pretty sure this is the worst bank of america branch out there.
Even as a platinum member, i have never waited for a personal banker for less than 45 minutes.
I walked in and was happily advised by julio that i would have only 15 minutes wait.
55 minutes later i got to see help.
While i and others were waiting bankers were milling around laughing and talking totally ignoring a growing and frustrated line.
This unfortunately in not a one-time experience at this branch but a norm.
This place seriously needs more tellers.
Takes forever just to cash a check.
The waiting time is just ridiculous.
One time i came in on a friday and only one teller was working.
I really hate coming here.
Thank god i opened a account with another bank.
Convenient location, great hours, and a notary always on site.
I was rushing to buy a car to replace my old one which had finally broken down.
Anyways, lexis helped me by throwing out all of my previous applications and started all over with me.
She warned that my check wouldn't be available until monday because their main offices in utah were already closed.
She's the reason i was able to buy the car that i wanted.
Excellent customer service and really good auto loan rates especially for someone like me with new credit.
I withdrew a total if $367.00 from my checking account.
The teller said, "that's an strange amount to withdraw.
What are you doing?
Absolutely none of her business!
Another reason to close the acct and go elsewhere!
This review is for this branch only.
Always a huge line and if you are lucky their will be 2 tellers working usually only one.
The management is terrible and they take an extremely long time on everything.
I would suggest calling corporate something needs to change here.
At this particular establishment they were acting with urgency.
Perhaps i will need to time my next visit better, but kudos to the team for hustling!
I have been a wells fargo customer for over ten years.
This is a great branch to frequent.
The branch i went to prior to moving to scottsdale was horrible.
They would sell me accounts that i didn't need and their speed was sub par.
This branch is none of those.
They even offer you water on a hot day!
Glad to be using this branch now.
This branch doesn't exist anywhere but the chase branch locator.
I am not beetlejuice or bloody mary.
I don't want to make a deposit at your desk where you just happen to have credit applications and pens.
I don't want a loan, ma'am, just a deposit slip.
We sold a vehicle to a member of this credit union.
From the minute we stepped in to this branch the rudeness started.
They were annoyed that our kids were there, annoyed that we asked for a seat to sit down.
The loan officer acted like we were putting her out.
She asked me the name of the loan officer ( of course i didn't know because it wasn't my loan)!
I said "she looked hispanic, very pretty with long dark hair.
She loudly said " hispanic!
I don't think so!"
They gave 4 atm's, 2 drive thru & 2 walk up.
What i like as well that during the day, they have a armed security guard.
Jeremy and his team were awesome!!!
The mortgage process with pinnacle was seem less.
We had a va loan which sometimes can  be cumbersome.
We closed 10 days ahead of schedule.
Jeremy's team worked with us all online which was great for us since my husband travels extensively.
If we ever get another mortgage it will be with pinnacle.
I highly recommend this company!!!!
This is another full service bank.
This branch is convenient to the southside.
It has an atm as well as drive through tellers.
They get an extra star for this as well a parking in the crowded carson street area.
I bank elsewhere, but i lived closer would consider this bank because of these time saving features.
Banks arent my favorite, but i have met quite a few bankers i like here.
I have used their app to make appts.
You can chose a locaton where you would like the appointment and let them know what your needs are.
Should give 0 stars.
Worst banking experiences of my life!
Money keeps disappearing from my account.
So i go back, and they say they don't know where my money is and can not help me.
I'm always greeted with a smile and attentive quick service.
As far as banks go, chase has provided far superior service than any other bank i have ever used.
I was here today to alter some of my accounts and had no issues.
To this day switching my bank of bank of america is the best thing i have ever done.
Area lighting was a huge plus because you won't fear for your life of being robbed.
It's across the street from paradise valley mall.
Multiple lanes of drive-thru windows and atm's.
Ortho would rather cause more damage over time than fix the problem.
If you live 40m away or more i strongly suggest you find an outside doctor.
Ortho will make a surgery decision based on an x-ray only and without consulting an ortho surgeon or an mri.
I wouldn't even let them work on a rabid squirrel.
Orthopedics gets an f, if i could leave 0 stars i would.....
I've watched 3 meltdowns and counting!
2 tellers and they're both useless with the crowd.
Been waiting to deposit money for over 30 minutes and watched people scold the staff about how slow everything is.
Don't come here if you have any time constraints.
The last few people i've watched, the tellers couldn't help them and sent them out the door.
The only other teller has had a customer waiting over 45 minutes over a check.
Get it together boa!!!!!
I do my business banking here and find it to be more pleasant than the average bank.
The staff is plentiful and cheerful.
They also keep a water bowl out front for thirsty critters.
Chase helps you with your problems right away!
If someone steals from you they get your money back faster than any other bank!
You need to empower your customer service reps to make obvious choices for thier customers.
No one acknowledged me or even greeted me.
This place is 1000 ft from my house and if travel 10 miles to never have to go here again.
The atm works great.
Bank is  a bank so nothing too special.
I mainly come here to move cash between my accounts
I would recommend this location to anyone looking to take care of the banking needs.
(when did you move here, why did you move here, etc).
These are not necessary to open a checking account.
The easier and quicker the sign-up process is the better chance for 5 stars in the future from new customers.
We had to come to this branch from another to use their coin sorting machine.
When we got there one of the tellers ryan greeted us and was very helpful in troubleshooting the coin machine.
We were hoping to open my son an account and his attitude towards us was of the utmost disrespect.
I'm moving my mortgage away from cibc.
Their customer service is awful.
They don't even answer their phone at 10:30 on a friday morning.
After about 1015 minutes of waiting a girl came by and asked was waiting for.
She said wait right here i'll be back in a minute.
After about 10 more minutes i gave up and left.
Should've done in the first place.
I don't get the other reviews here.
This is the only wells fargo branch i use, as the customer service is superior, helpful and efficient.
This bank does not have customer service as a priority.
I was told i had to wait 20 minutes or make an appointment.
Maybe chase needs to give their managers more sc training.
Worst service, can't even do regular banking.
Can't get a card.
I don't recommend that you open an account.
We have been with state farm insurance since 1986, so over 30 years now.
We began with an agent in pa, and transferred everything to karen wright's office when we moved here in 2000.
We have all of our policies with her and state farm.
On those rare occasions when we have had a claim, there were no problems at all.
She and her staff are competent and friendly.
I needed a cashiers check and they handled my request very quickly and efficiently.
Jim dankwardt was very kind, knowledgeable and professional.
That's why i love doing business with us bank.
They are definitely the financial institution you want on your side when it comes to request like this.
I'm not sure this new company has its priorities straight.
The way they submitted the loan was false which caused the decline on purpose.
I don't believe my friend and i will not do any business with them.
All positive reviews seem to be the last company, not this one.
However, when it comes to the credit card department, i am giving them zero stars.
I have received the worst customer service from midfirst bank via telephone.
I have requested now four times to have a credit card mailed out to me.
Multiple supervisors have failed at the task to expedite the card.
I first requested the card july 19th, and should have been mailed out july 20th.
I am tired of being told that the representatives are sorry for the inconvenience.
I have been a member with midfirst bank for years now.
I expressed what an inconvenience it was and she simply said "is there anything else i can do for you?"
I am sticking to navy federal, and other banks.
Midfirst is not even a last resort, just do not bank with them.. period!
It's a wells fargo.
Now with bulletproof glass for your banking inconvenience!
The tellers (or, in wells speak, "bankers") are friendly enough, but the training is pretty inconsistent.
Walk in and ask for the same thing twice, and you'll get two different things.
And one of those times they'll probably stare at you like you have three heads.
Bright sides: two atms, convenient hours, fast and courteous (if constantly-revolving and occasionally clueless) staff.
This is my preferred royal bank branch.
If i could do 0 stars i would.
Where do i start?
It's annoying to field invasive, "personal" questions when i come in for a quick bank transaction.
"where do you work?"
Is the most common question i've been asked when i have had to step inside.
Also, they had to give me about half the money in 20's because they ran out of 100's.
How does a bank run out of 100's?
A month ago i went in to close my account.
The manager of course came out to play the good guy, and talk me out of it.
He had the gall to make a joke out of my being upset with getting $700 in twenties.
I was told they would close my account and that was that.
The never ending banking experience continues!
I received a statement for my account which i thought closed!
The girl asked me which manager helped me, "soandso or soandso?"
I don't know/remember,  this was a month ago, do you people not keep records?
You know what he said?
This, being the manager of the bank i left after i told him how awful their banking structure is.
He said he forgot to close my account.
After he made another joke that was inappropriate and ill-timed.
How do you forget to do your job?
Too many hour and a half lunches, i guess.
And the most lol-worthy moment: "i see you have a credit of $0.78.
Went in to close a credit card i had with the bank.
Then she proceeded to put the lady that was behind me in front and me after.
See picture of the sign in sheet.
Great customer service and convenient location/drive up!
They have a nice app you can download on your phone to use too!
Worst branch i have ever visited.
These lines are unbelievably long every single day i come here.
I will never return because i am over it.
I'll make the extra drive somewhere else!!
But be prepared to wait... and wait... and wait....
Doesn't matter if there are 7 staff members and only 2 customers.
They're slooooow, but very friendly.
Horrible...i waited in line for over 30 minutes (only 1 person in front of me).
There is only 2 bank tellers.
Construction being done so it's very noisy.
I will never come to this boa again.
I admit banks scare me, which is why i banked with washington mutual.
Their set up made going to the bank less intimidating.
However, time has passed, and as we have become frequent users of this chase location, my fear has subsided.
The tellers are always smiling, and they know us by name.
They even take the time to get to know a bit more about us.
I have never had a problem here.
Conveniently located, and usually isn't busy for long.
It's always in and out which is what i'm going for.
Oh, lots of parking space too :)
Zac white does it again!
Always helpful and ready to get you what you need!
We just refinanced again to get some money out the loan.
Everything is very smooth and the ball keeps rolling!
I'm so thankful for this company as this is my third time dealing with them.
In future if the interest rates lower i will be in search of him again!!!
Thank you guys again!
Extremely courteous, friendly and managed very well!
I have banked with this cu for several years but closed my account last week.
After they replaced their bank tellers with itm machines things went downhill fast.
Wait times are longer and you are doing all the work for your transaction.
Do not bank with this branch if you care about customer service and human interaction.
Our experience was fabulous.
The process went smoothly and we even closed early.
Jeremy was personable and professional.
Dare i say memorable?
If you work with him he will send video clips that explain each step of the loan process.
They are hilarious and informative.
I highly recommend jeremy and his team.
The employee who works the front door area, promised me i would see a credit refund in my account.
I never got any credit as promised.
Now i had to call the toll free number to get my refund.
The service at this new location is terrible.
The staff are poorly trained.
To say jeremy is the best just isn't enough, he's the only broker anyone should ever work with.
Every question/concern we had - and we had many - he got back to us right away.
We honestly couldn't be happier.
I know the first week of the month this branch has lines out the door or close to it.
I normally use the atm or mobile banking great alternatives.
However, i had to go in for a cashiers check.
I love this branch.
I am a business customer.
Got into this branch just need a simply deposit.
Is the business services such limited?
I can't wait to ask the teller how long this transaction need to be take?
With such rude  i hope i wrote down her name and should talk to the branch manager!
Such bad trained employees and services here in wells fargo.
The lady stuff welcome people only use words not the actions with care attitude.
Such un-professional guide lady!
I will close all accounts and go to a better bank...."ch***"!
The worst experience with bank as a business client.
Always excellent service whether for personal banking or business banking.
Had a great experience today with a personal banker.
Everytime i go here they want to chat me up.
I just want to make my transaction and leave, thanks.
Lately, when i come to withdraw money, they've been asking me "what are you going to do with this money?"
This totally rude question is what made me sign up for yelp and write a review.
They are a decent bank in every other respect except the prying.
It's none of your business what i will do with my money.
Great staff  very busy location  wish it had a drive thu
Most terrible bank ever.
I gave one star for the lonely teller getting stared at by the, no kidding 20 people waiting in line.
It took me twenty mins to reach the teller.
I'm glad i don't have them for my bank but unfortunately my job does.
So i have to deal with this on going problem every time.
And lose the greeter!!
She can't help anybody why is she there?
She just makes everyone angry by asking "can i help you?
Knowing she can't" when the lines get that long it should be all hands on deck to help your customers.
Jeremy kept me abreast of every stage in the process and was in constant communication.
Go see them if you need a mortgage.
I promise you wont be disappointed!
The last time i went in to speak to one, it was a personal banker by the name of nick(?).
So i steer clear of that place if i'm needing help with that type of transactions.
The tellers on the other hand, are really nice.
The drive thru ones always are anyway.
So that it is why they get an extra star.
Great exchange rate and super fast!
Their service is great and its easy to get in and out within 10 minutes.
I will be back again next time for my currency exchange needs.
This used to be my go to b of a branch but no more.
All of the teller windows except three are now permanently closed.
I've never seen more than two of those remaining windows staffed.
There are also always several zombie like employees wandering around while the line continues to grow.
They are great at ignoring the line -- must be that great in service training.
Service has gone down.
Prices have gone up.
Chase here i come.
I been a customer of boa for almost 20 years.
I was very disappointed with customer service i just received by a relationship manager jeremiah.
The chandler location is big trouble if this how he talks to his customer.
Rather then trying to spend time to actually understand my concerns, he was more argumentative.
He kept arguing with me.
I decided to my saving account, will be closing my checking and all my credits.
Ok, i'm writing another review on a bank, but i feel this branch deserves better than 1 star rating.
I was in there recently with my son to open up a teen account.
Melynda was our personal banker who helped us set this up.
It was very easy and we were in and out of there in about 30 minutes.
They provided water while we waited too.
Melynda also explained to my son how everything worked and she was very patient.
I would recommend melynda to anyone.
Worst customer experience ever.
The supervisor was not helpful and they charged me an arm and a leg to cash a check!
Stay away from chase bank!!
Stay far far away!
I would give negative stars if i could.
The staff are friendly and courteous.
I saw many people gave the bank poor rating.
Because they expected bank of china same liked international banks.
If they have been to china.
They will appreciate the bank of china in toronto is follow the operating standard in china.
Dear wells fargo on central,  i consider this bank my home bank.
I tend to gravitate here most, between all of the wells fargo spread across the valley, its my favorite.
Sometimes there is a water bottle cooler, like that and most of all on friday they have fresh cookies, why?
I guess to keep customers like me happy.
You can go to the normal personal line, merchant teller, or drive thru.
Every person here is great.
Thank you britney for helping me out of a sticky situation.
Like all navy federals, this one treats you with respect.
Never had a bad experience and do lots of business with them.
I'm not sure what that one commenter below said about fees etc.
Free checking, savings, atm... best rates on other financial products... so definitely don't want to misinform out there.
It doesn't get much better than navy federal as far as handling your day to day money goes.
I wish i were able to give zero stars.
This bank is an absolute joke!
The main teller is such an unpleasant, rude person as well as one of the personal bankers.
Never have i ever been treated so shitty at a financial institution!
You should be ashamed of your staff at this location!
My experience  at the credit union was awesome  due to phil vale.
The longest wait for drive through and lobby.
If you are in a hurry or on a casual day out.
Expect at least 20 min.
I'm sorry for causing the 5-star rating to go down, but i had a bad experience here.
A while ago, i came to this branch just to deposit a check.
I guess i was spoiled when living in southern california.
Anyway, i'll be nice and not name the teller and personal banker that helped me that day.
They were trying to get me to open another account with them.
So i politely declined, thanked them for the information and told them that i would definitely keep that in mind.
A few days later i noticed that they opened 2 new accounts under my name without my permission!
I called the branch and talked to the manager.
That's scary knowing that they have shady employees here, so watch out!
I'm avoiding this branch forever!
Lines were long, staff was not friendly whatsoever.
Hard to find friendly help these days and these guys excited perfectly- well done !
Super friendly & they always have candy!
This branch and only this branch has charged me for a cashiers check.
Rude and unwavering, better to drive all the way to the tempe location.
I really like this bank it's has been by far one of the best banks that i have banked with.
They are always ready to answer my questions and help me through anything.
I mean they are opened on sundays and even holidays for a few hours!!!
Mostly come here for the drive-trough atm.
The problem here is a very inconsistent level of service.
I then had to return three times to get the charges removed which was a hassle.
The branch people were helpful but bound by difficult policy.
This proves that if i live long enough, i'll eventually stop at every wells fargo branch in las vegas.
I was in the neighborhood, needed to stop at an atm, so why not?
The people in front of me didn't dawdle, and i was in and out almost before i could check in.
Since there were no photos yet, i had to drive around front and get one.
That's an extra star for me.
Sun american was fantastic.
I worked with tracy, suzie and mary.
They were helpful and attentive, particularly tending to my needs and questions as a  first-time home buyer.
Each responded to my calls and emails almost immediately, and everything processed ahead of schedule.
I couldn't have asked for a better mortgage experience.
Every time i go whether it be inside or the drive thru i get great service.
I have banked with several institutions before trying chase and i am glad that i did.
Yes, bank of america atm's and branches are everywhere throughout charlotte.
And typically i just hit up an atm and run right out of there.
I don't think i've used a deposit slip in 2 years.
It's clean, it's convenient, it's fine.
The nice thing that i experienced yesterday if the efficiency and friendliness of the teller staff.
He seemed like a longtime customer and i hear them chatting it up about the weather, his neighbors, etc.
These folks weren't longtime friends, it was simply a nice customer relationship.
You don't see that too often anymore.
Regardless, they handled my breaking of change with a smile and have a great day.
In my book, that's pretty solid from a bank!
Matt fixed the air conditioning in my honda pilot.
Wilhelm was going to charge me nearly twice what bison's charged me.
I appreciated the honesty!
Matt also completed the job in just a short afternoon!
I had a great experience.
We recently moved here from the midwest.
He also managed to be extremely patient with our highly demanding children.
He also followed up to make sure i didn't need anything else.
Sean has amazing customer service skills, which are lacking in many professionals today.
He was so helpful and made sure my transaction went through ok to my other accounts.
Very professional and courteous.
He remembered me from the last time i went in needing help with the same type of transactions.
I rather go to this branch than the one down the street from me.
I came here to exchange some currency for international travel.
Payment can be made in cash or debit.
There is no service fee on returns.
I would give it 0 stars if i could.
B of a also does not care about your privacy and will share your information.
Wost of all forclosing on soldiers while over seas defending our county.
First my state farm rep in california sent me a birthday card every year.
I always thought insurance was stale and unpleasant.
However i adopted jim "happy" mullen by marriage and what a treat it has been!
It was like he was advising friends, not clients.
I don't know how many clients they have, but they sure treat us like they have like 10.
It was a whole different operation than the other folks i had been with.
Plus their office space is super cool and convenient to uptown  :)
Not just this branch.
They will take every last cent from you if you let them.
They recently added a $6.99 a day charge for every day your account is overdrawn.
The rich get richer, the poor get poorer.
I have had accounts with desert schools for over 30 years.
I have had several car loans all of which i paid off early.
Generally speaking i have been treated quite well by the staff.
However today i went in with a cashiers check from canada.
I have deposited several of these over the years with no problem or additional fees.
The money order was in us dollars and was made payable to me.
When presented this to what was clearly a new person, she acted as if i was some kind of criminal.
After consulting with several individuals she bluntly informed me that there would $25 collection fee.
I took the money order and left.
Never before have i ever been charge a fee to make a deposit into my account.
If necessary i will take my money to another credit union.
We drove through to use the atm.
Just switched my business account here from desert schools and couldn't be happier!!!
Money from check deposits are available within 1-2 days,  the service has been super fast and super friendly.
I will refer anyone to this bank!
Closed my account with them recently.
Just not what i thought it was to be.
Was charged an over draft of $35 when i only had a 49 cent over charge.
Yet was told my card didn't allow over charges ?
Good customer service , banking is just odd.
Now i'll only be able to pay $700 extra towards principle instead.
Wasn't happy with being told one thing and then being slapped in the face the next day with something different.
On a positive note, they still did get me a better rate and slightly better payment than other lenders.
Jeremy and his team were amazing with both a refinance and new loan.
They are thorough, extremely diligent, and honest with the entire process.
I feel good about recommending jeremy and his team,
Rip off- i am begging you = do not get a loan from any title loan company.
Actually i can only speak for title max, but believe they are all the same.
You need $1700 but your car is worth $15000 and paid off.
They tell you that you are better off borrowing $10000 even if you pay it back the following day.
They tell you they won't take a check or credit card, just cash certified checks or money orders.
They won't take a debit card over the phone.
However, they did hold the first two for one week, the third for 6 weeks.
This allowed them to accrue more interest!
Interest is slightly over 108% apr the daily interest rate is over 29%!
Do not do this!
Dont go to any title max!
I am not saying the people are bad, but the company makes them do the job and follow horrible rules.
Busy on normal payday rush hours.
I love this credit union and the workers are usually friendly, kind, and helpful.
Marsha is the one i usually get the pleasure of working with, and she is very sweet.
Lynn and here team are simply the best.
I have worked with many banks across many states and this chase location is head and shoulders above the rest.
They greet me by name, know my staff, and always welcome us with a smile.
If anyone in business, or is thinking about starting one, go and see lisa at once.
She will guide you though every step with an ungrudging smile on here face.
It truly feels as if they want you to succeed financially, can you say that about you bank?
They need to get some more tellers.
I dread coming here because it's usually an hour wait minimum for a simple banking transaction.
Manager ahmed wabli is extremely rude.
I've been a customer for years and lost my job.
I no longer get direct deposit and chase is refusing to waive my 12$ monthly service fee!!!
I deposit a check every 2 weeks loyally but that's not good enough for chase!!!
If i felt it was local branch issue i would give lower rating.
Please do keep branch office open as without this local branch i would not bank with boa.
Personal bankers work extremely slow.
Used to like this bank but not anymore.
Teller line is gone and they couldn't provide a simple notary.
I will probably be switching banks so i can avoid dealing with this customer last mentality that they have.
All chase cares about is making customers use the atm machines and business accounts, nothing on the individual level.
Stopped in to make a shared branching payment on my lunch break.
What was supposed to be a quick in and out, turned into a 35 minute ordeal.
The teller who will remain nameless accidently shorted $100 on my car payment.
She claimed the cash machine in the front wasn't functioning properly.
When in all actuality she just entered in the amount i gave her incorrectly.
Anyways they where able to find the missing $100 cash that i gave them.
But just overall very frustrating what a mess.
Own up when you make a mistake, accidents happen.
And please please be careful when counting people's cash.
A easy mistake that could've been avoided :).
You shouldn't charge members to cash in there change, that's ridiculous.
I have been a member for over 12 years, i think i will be closing our accounts
The customer service at this branch is horrible!!!
Very time i go in they make me feel like i'm inconveniencing them.
I hate this bank!!
To me they just prefer to stand around than help the needs of customers ..
I see long lines one teller and two employees chatting in a room not a good look ...
The virtual wallet is really good for the consumer.
It helps when you are trying to manage your money.
This bank while making a profit at least will give you tools to help you manage from your perspective.
You will not be disappointed.
I am very upset and disappointed about my experience with bank of america.
They should be named the worst bank.
I have spoken to 3 customer service reps, 3 managers and my issue still has not been fixed.
I deposited a trust fund check into my account and they are holding my check for 12 days.
With no legitimate explanation.
The bank was not even interested in validating the check or calling the issuing bank, they actually flat out refused.
You are not a valued customer at bank of america, no matter how much money is in your account.
Additionally, i can use my atm card anywhere without incurring fees.
The whole process was so smooth.
Jeremy schachter was so helpful during the entire mortgage process.
The entire team that  i worked with, jeremy, tyler and sharon were so helpful and knowledgeable.
They really need to listen to their customers better
If no star is an option, i would give that to bank of china (canada).
The entire bank is so behind with technology, customer service and basic understanding of the canadian banking system.
Zac, tyler and the team are phenomenal!
Zac is so knowledgeable and responsive he made the arduous process of buying a home so much better.
I opened my account a little over a month ago.
The agent who helped me open the account was great and very nice, however, the bank is not very good.
Old technology and a lot of problems.
I tried to send and receive money from a friend through my account.
You have to sign up for popmoney, which is the worst company ever.
I've gone to atms and they aren't working.
The website is not very user friendly.
I have to wait until i have had an account there for 60 days before closing it.
After my 60 days are up i'm going somewhere else!
I thought it would have been great since it is so close to where i live.
I rather drive and get better service.
Anyway, i would not recommend this bank to anyone!
Switched from wells fargo and couldn't feel better about the move.
Opened our account and mainly deal with the eastern branch in henderson.
They've been attentive and courteous since the beginning.
It really is nice that you don't have to worry about being taken advantage of with hidden fees, etc.
The mobile app isn't as slick as wells, but it does the job.
Supporting a credit union versus a big greedy and unethical bank feels really really good!
Avoid at all costs.
If i could give lynn and her assistants 0 stars i would.
I have been with them for over a year and it has been a nightmare.
Her assistants are constantly calling you to add more policies for a bundle.
They just don't leave you alone.
Her assistant mary is one of the rudest people i have ever had to deal with.
She is rude, sarcastic, and unprofessional - clearly not meant to be working in a job that requires customer service.
I am so relieved to have canceled my policy with her.
I loath bank of america !
They have a greeter asking how they can help, 1 teller and a long line!
Well greeter, you could get behind the counter and help all these people instead of standing around!!!
My favorite is they want your i'd to make a deposit on a corp account!
That is not a federal regulation it's a bofa rule dumb, dumb dumb!!!
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
The payment was only $40 that was processed.
So to allow a $34fee on a $40 payment is 85%.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
First, let me say that banking and trading through charles schwab has always been an amazing experience for me.
Let me list just a few highlights about what makes them so great.
Second, their free (entry level) suite of investment tools is very helpful and powerful.
Third, i can deposit checks using my smart phone.
Plus, their smart phone app is really easy to use and has a ton of other great features.
By bs fees i mean things like maintenance fees or minimum balance fees.
Plus, when setting up your account they send you a bunch of free checks.
For this location in particular (24th and lincoln) it gets 5 stars for several reasons.
First, it is easy to see and access from the road.
Anytime i've been to this branch it has seemed well staffed, clean, and nicely furnished.
Since there isn't a ton of business, there are always plenty of great parking spots.
Bottomline: good company, nice location, always easy to do business there
They have some nice bankers here, currently helpful are michelle and gregory.
They have refunded 2 overdraft transactions that occured because of duplicate charges.
So, i decided to finally go with chase for my banking needs.
I said great and we hung up.
Not for this location!?!
I let them know who i was and when i called and what was said.
The "banker" proceeded to tell me "oh, i can't see you today because i have other appointments".
Then said "you were supposed to be here at 4pm".
I "politely" said "i will find a better bank".
Absolutely surprised by the attitude at this bank.
Will not be a chase customer!
They know how to keep customers rolling through and they do it with a smile.
Also i appreciate their international wire service inside.
They are more knowledgable than some of the other branches on this subject.
Whenever i have gone to the westinghouse branch, it takes an hour to do a wire.
This branch knows what they are doing and gets it done in less than half the time.
So i took the letter to the bank and the manager jesus almarez would not except the letter.
He pretty much called me a liar and didn't believe the letter was from pay pal.
So what i decided is to go with a credit union and am loving it.
Tip help your customers like you care it my help you......
The manager of this bank is so helpful and had just moved here from calf!
About time some nice people with respect in las vegas!
I've been a customer for 22 years now.
I would say when it comes to insurance duvel is as good as it gets.
He is honest and extremely helpful in all areas.
I have never walked out of the office without feeling confident in my insurance plan.
I would like to rate one of their alleged "senior" loan officers less than one star.
Everytime we needed her she was missing on vacation with a worthless assistant who was also off.
She never replied to our emails, our agents emails or the seller agents emails.
She missed set phone meetings and could not type in complete sentences.
She was never at work or able to be reached.
No clue how traci gratzek has a job.
She is the true definition of lazy and self centered.
Getting rid of her was like the weight of the world off our chest.
I don't know about wells fargo as a company, but this location should be ashamed to be called a bank.
I work for a company who banks with wells fargo, so i am here everyday making deposits or making change.
I would say they have one teller that actually even knows how to count.
One time a teller gave me back 500 dollars in 5s when all i gave her was 50 dollars.
She is lucky i am an honest person and gave the money back, but seriously!!!??
It's getting to the point that i am going to have to speak with corporate about switching banks.
I wish negative stars was an option.
This is by far!
The worst branch i've ever been to.
The staff is rude, act entitled and unprofessional.
Even the new people quickly change into negative jerks.
To me it feels like people are intimidated by her.
After i shared how i felt about the service, or lack there of.
They closed my debit card which the corporate office referred to as retaliation.
I plan on speaking to a regional manager about this location.
There were two people in line in front of me.
The girl (there was only one wicket open) working behind the plexiglass patrician was efficient and very fast.
Place was easy to find and i was in/out very quickly.
Great rates to boot !
Be aware of the employees here.
They lack proper communication.
They blame you for any billing issues, claiming you are responsible.
I emailed the branch, used the texting option on the website, and no response!
I called and they said they can't do anything.
I've had state farm for 5 years and i'm switching because of the experience at this branch.
Love these guys, wonderful, customer service, low rates, reasonable fees.
I see no reason to keep using large, thieving corporate banks when awesome little credit unions like this exist.
Great benefits and customer service.
Every aspect of working with them is a plus.
I cannot think of any negatives at all, really.
They also have a free coin sorter, extended hours cold drinks, lollipops and cookies for my dogs!
Remember when you liked your bank??
Both scottsdale locations are great, but if tara at greenway & 64th ever leaves, i will cry.
But i won't leave midfirst.
I just renewed my mortgage for a second 5-year term with merix.
I'm honestly very pleased with them.
I pay on time bi-weekly and they never harass me or try to sell me other products.
I have a clean credit score and i did not have any co-signer on my mortgage.
Actually, when i first applied for my mortgage, td and merix were giving the same lowest rate.
I should add that the big banks really don't care that much about loyalty, as someone tried to say below.
Great customer service all around; i'll keep sticking with them if they keep giving me great rates such as this.
I have used this credit union for at least a decade and the service has always been consistently good.
Was in today to get a document notarized and they got it done in a jiffy.
I know it's them because they're the only place that has gotten my email for the past few months.
It wasn't till i applied.
Thanks for selling it off.
Cheers to many more.
The absolute best branch i have ever patronized in over 10 years with wells fargo.
I recently sold my family home in california and relocated to las vegas.
Ilse luna has been a guardian angel assisting me in identifying the 25+ fraudulent transactions and clearing them up .
Rodolfo acosta has been phenomenal assisting me in setting up my investment and brokerage accounts and an unrestricted checking account.
This branch has accomplished results for me they wouldn't even look into at the executive branch.
The other employees here are all equally welcoming and ready to assist.
The best banking service i've ever had!
I cannot recommend this branch enough!
Aide and emy were very nice today!
Aide helped me tuesday this week and was also very helpful then as well!
I really appreciate her help and follow up!
Lauren on the other hand was not professional at all!
Lauren responded annoyed asking "why?"
Emy repeated her question and lauren this time responded with "what time is it?!"
Emy approached the subject again and lauren responded with "why!
Emy then explained i was waiting to see her, lauren then turned to me and exclaimed "what's up?!?"
Emy and aide quickly recovered the encounter for lauren.
3:00 on a wednesday with one teller and no bankers available.
They left the floor without a single banker to help anyone while there were multiple customers lining up.
I would not recommend this branch.
Went in today to meet an individual who banks with them to get an auto loan for my vehicle.
Staff seemed to be pretty nice and courteous and got it done in a reasonable amount of time.
The call center is the worst when dealing with atm/debit card issues.
Use any other bank for business banking.
People keep walking out of the store.
But they don't care.
It's sad really sad.
Do not open an account here.....  if it wasn't for my business account i wouldn't come here .
The most inconsiderate, unprofessional establishment i had ever done business with...
This place had 1 teller for 15 people in line on a friday afternoon.
Manager couldn't help because he isnt allowed to touch cash.
If you have any other options take it.
Was told to make an appointment for another day to request a new bank card when there wasn't a line.
Never coming back here!
I would give her zero stars but that is not an option.
They are disorganized, non-responsive, and drastically changed the original price they gave me three months later.
Classic bait and switch.
Unfortunately, this was too good to be true.
A  good agent would have provided an accurate amount at the outset rather than drastically change it 3 months later.
They had all of the information available to review my driving record but did not do so.
This hinges on fraudulent and i am back with my original carrier.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
They exceeded my expectations with professionalism & in record time!
Thanks for everything pinnacle capital mortgage!
Now this is how a bank should do customer service.
Everyone is nice and goes out of their way to be helpful.
It's always pleasant coming in here!
Came here for the same reason most people do: to do money things.
It was pretty early, around 11 on valentine's day, and there wasn't even a hint of a line.
I was seen immediately by one of the attendants and she was extremely friendly and helpful.
On my way out, the manager even held the door open for me.
Honestly, i'm pretty happy with my visit here, even if it was to make a quick deposit.
Jeremy and his team are amazing.
Their knowledge, expertise and professionalism is outstanding.
Jeremy is a very efficient and timely communicator.
I highly recommend pinnacle capital mortgage and will surely use them in the future.
I went to this branch at 2:30 pm on a wednesday and it was closed.
It had an 800 # to call to find out why.
After a 15 minute wait, the bofa person told me she had no clue.
I am switching my business to chase.
The lollipops they give at the front counter are really good!
Ask for the grape flavored one!
I think it comes in a violet colored wrapper!
If theyre out of grape then choose the strawberry one....very yummy too !!
It makes me so glad bofa is not my bank.
Atm not working properly.
Horribly understaffed with long waiting line.
If you have teller experience and are looking for a job this would be a great place to start.
I've been with bofa for nearly 10yrs.
They also provide my fico score updated monthly.
I own my home outright.
Car paid for but getting old.
I make a respectable salary that's directly deposited into checking acct.
Like clockwork for years.
Applied for a car loan.
Asked to have my cc limit raised (a whole $400 bucks) so i keep my utilization down.
I randomly walk into an nfcu after bofa treating me like a clean cut transient and boom!
Was your father in the military?
Please deposit $5 to become a member and open up a savings.
Ok. you'd like an auto loan.?
Interest rate is 3.79% and you can borrow up to 24k.
I opened a checking acct too and will be transferring my business to nfcu.
Bofa charges $3bucks unless you do bill pay and wait 5 biz days while your $ floats in the air.
Ariel's office is always willing to help, always finding the discounts that i need.
Never had a problem with my agent.
On a whim, my husband & i went to navy federal & i was blown away in a good way!
I have never had such amazingly efficient, fast, thorough, & professional customer service ever.
Our representative, azariah (aka benjamin), was just awesome.
Azariah is the model representative of navy federal & i truly believe he deserves a raise and recognition.
I will be recommending this bank to every veteran & vet family member i know.
Seriously slowest bank e v e r!!!!
I come here to deposit for work as it's the closest one to my job, it's never a quick experience!!
& don't get me started on the drive through teller - that experience is even worse!!!
Not once have i ever had a 'good' experience.
I have had the opportunity of being well taken care of by navy federal.
It's been over a year since i began banking with them, then there after financing my vehicle through them.
The folks that work at the branch i commonly go to are always helpful and pleasant.
Looking forward to continuing to get great service from navy federal.
Well things have gotten much better.
I have come to like the employees and have had no issues with my account.
Teller at the drive up window was great!
Friendly and quick service.
Didn't ask me stupid questions or make me jump through hoops to cash a check and withdraw money.
Lately wells fargos have been slipping in their customer service department but not this one!
I recently set up a youth account for my 15 year old son.
I funded his new checking and savings account with about $50 each.
I believe truwest contributed too.
As his father, i'm excited to see how he handles his very own finances!
Thanks truwest for getting him started so early.
The incompetence of the staff of this rbc branch is stunning.
First, i met with an advisor named andrew.
I specifically asked for a certain type of credit card, even writing it down.
Second, weeks went by and i heard nothing.
Was i approved or not for the credit card?
I said at home because i have a full work schedule during the week.
I said this in writing via email.
Fourth, again weeks went by and complete silence.
Instead, everyone just smiles [perhaps due to corporate training?]
And says nice things.
That's great, but i would like some actual service and competence, please.
- quick and easy -   talked with a real rep moments after sending a request for a renters insurance quote.
I received my insurance policy 5 min after getting off the phone.
And it was only $1 more a month then the erenterplan insurance that was recommended by the apartment.
(who also placed me on a 10 min hold x_x)
Two business days from an evening deposit before a weekend equates to five days in the real world.
Customer service refused to help release the funds.
This bank is awful!
We didn't even unfreeze that cards,  i thought i cancelled them.
My husband went into the branch to file a claim and the girl " forgot" to file them!!
This is not a place i trust to keep our money safe, and would not recommend them to anyone.
A bank with no notary??
Could you be any more useless?
Customer service doesn't exist here at this location.
Walked in and was politely greeted.
Savannah helped me open some accounts and was very knowledgeable.
They also have the best rates i've seen.
This is the bank we have our mortgage with.
We have been on the fence about transferring our banking there as well.
We did open an account so we could schedule an automatic mortgage payment.
I an impressed that they are a full service bank open 7 days a week and located inside a safeway.
Truwest has been pretty good to me i must say!
I always get treated so well and all of their employees are so pleasant to work with.
I give truwest five stars for great customer service and ease of use with all of their services!
The best customer service experience i have ever had with a financial institution.
Unlike other financial institutions, merix financial took the time to listen to me.
They treated me like an actual customer and not just another number.
My mortgage will stay with merix financial, indefinitely.
Horrible customer service, misty has not been helpful at all!
My boyfriends applied for a credit card a month ago.
Called two weeks ago and she said she couldn't help us since she was leaving for the day.
This is a great credit union!
The staff is always very nice!!
It's local and more accountable to members, so there are less obnoxious fees ect.
We went to this bank to open an account.
They failed to tell us that they don't have ppl working at this bank when we came in.
There is no other clients before us.
There are 4-5 bank workers sitting in rooms with glass doors.
None have any clients sitting with them.
The person checking in takes way more time a check in should take.
So the best customer service ever!
Just went there to make a deposit, little did i know the account i have cost me $3.
Every time i pay a bill.
Wow they set up the account and are mailing me the paperwork needed and bank cards.
They refuneded me all the last 3.00 charges totaling 3 of them and also another charge.
I cant believe there are such good people like them around anymore.
Everyone in the place was so awesome.
I told them glad i didnt use the machine!
Also one of the bankers that assisted me gave me his card, his name is duncan lang.
Way to go wells fargo this is the best team of employees i have ever encountered.
You may want to have other employees learn from this team.
Just cant say enough!!
Absolutely the worst customer service.
I do the business banking with them for my employer and they are never consistent with rules and guidelines.
It was in a convenient location but i will drive the extra miles to avoid this branch.
One less customer for them to bother with.
Jeremy and his team were awesome to work with while purchasing our first home.
They were very helpful throughout the process and kept us informed about each step.
The little videos they made about each part of the mortgage lending process were pretty funny and really informative.
I want to know how this happened .
Just same things fried in same sauce.
Will never go unless iam stuck in the mall and hungry
This branch has a roomy parking lot and is easy to get to.
Our receipt did not have the address of the bank.
These things have nothing to do with the retail bank location being reviewed and thusly, are not taken into consideration.
Many competitors have done away with drive thru tellers but wf keeps it strong.
The bankers often are behind the teller line to convince people to sit with them firms financial review.
This location has seen many changes in staff and management over the years.
There are also some very nice tellers including fia (merchant), and karina.
The other staff seem to change frequently but overall this location has certainly seen better days.
The place contacted me with an offer to refinance an auto loan.
Not sure what margin they're looking for, but their response is mediocre at best.
So sorry i wasted my time responding to their credit offer, since they clearly had no intention of lending anything.
Opened a new account - very friendly and communicative!
Looking forward to our new relationship
These stars go straight to the teller by the name of hoi.
I'm not a big fan of this branch i feel as if they can be a bit disorganized.
She was really sweet!
Go figure ... screw the little guy.
My trouble with b of a started i guess about well maybe 4 months ago .
Well there must have been a "bank error " they said.
You damm right there was !!
I said if you had caught those huge transactions it would have not been a problem.
Need to find a new bank.
Wells fargo says they have your best financial interest in mind?
They'll try to take any money they can from you.
Awful experience with wells fargo.
Definitely do not recommend opening an account with these shady people.
I have purchased several cars and financed them through azstcu, and have been a member for over 20 years.
The service is excellent, the people are friendly, and they offer great loan rates to their customers.
Yes, there are fewer branches than i would like, but the personal, inexpensive service is well worth the travel!
This bank is always under staffed with long lines.
The teller stated that the new policy is to have only one teller.
If that is true, boy that is bad business.
Jeremy at pinnacle is amazing!!!
He made my first time home buying experience the best it could possibly be!!!
Save yourself the aggravation!
Their online system is antiquated, difficult, no rhyme or reason.
The online vendor is incompetent and so afraid of fraud that client convenience is of no importance.
Constantly stumbling over their own internal policies.
Employees are uninformed and often provide incorrect information causing delays and frustration.
Rates and product guidelines are not competitive.
I went to try and withdrawal some of my college refund out the bank.
Now remind you i have been a royal customer since 2006.
Well the refund was a little over $5000.
At this point my blood was boiling hot.
Sad part my flight is due to leave out at 10:00am to costa rica.
He even ask me could he see the flight tickets.
This point i lost my professionalism on this crazy fuk-nuts ....
Update to my review.
It has been a week since the bank teller misprocessed our series i bond, shorting us by over $4,600.00.
Now they are telling us another 5 business days to correct their very serious mistake.
I have never been so frustrated by a bank in my entire life.
They made a processing error.
They should have covered the shortfall by depositing the correct amount into our account and then rectifying their error internally.
Worst customer service i have ever experienced with a bank.
I just had a terrible experience with merix financial through my broker.
I should've gone with td.
Went with the other..
Turned out to be a complete disaster.
They went back and forth continually putting the squeeze on what i needed to do.
I had to qualify or re-qualify three times.
And they came up with ever bizarre reasoning.
My mother was co-signing on my loan so they came back with 'what if she dies?'
And then they cut her contributions in half even though she's quite young.
I ended up having to borrow money to keep balancing  their numbers which was very stressful.
When we were already 'qualified' customers .
Eventually they gave me a commitment and so i removed the conditions on the property.
Three days before possession date they found something they had missed and pulled the commitment and all the money.
I almost lost my house and my $5000 deposit.
Which they knew it would be impossible to do.
In a sense that was there unscrupulous way of pulling the financing.
Almost lost my deposit and my new home.
Fortunately atb was just brilliant and my father stepped in to save the day as a cosigner.
I was lucky you probably won't be.
New rules when looking for mortgage and especially with taking care of your tenant buyers.
Approach the big banks first, it is the most straightforward.
They'll either say yes or no.
Don't worry about small differences in the interest  rates.
Rates are low don't be cheap.
When using a mortgage broker have him or her use the big banks first.
They are more ethical and follow more rules based on their brand and their reputation.
My experiences  with the b institutions was the staff would just go on vacation and leave your file sitting there.
In others  words that don't particularly care about you.
You're just a number.
The big banks want your loyalty.
And so will treat you much better long-term.
Talk to your mortgage broker first around who has the best customer service and who screws over their customers least.
In other words go to the best used car dealership not the worst.
She or he will know who has the best reputation.
That's the only one you want to work with.
Never rush the deal.
Extend your possession date when dealing with b money lenders in case something happens.
When we are exposed, we give up our power and this is how victimization occurs.
Your choices are powerful.
Always be in control of your own financial path.
I had to do some business here and came to this location because it was near my title company.
It was clean, quiet, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
One of the guys was even a little bit funny and cute too *wink wink if you're reading this*.
But the location is horrible.
Try hitting the bank at 8 am or 4pm here and it's just horrible.
I really love the bank, the workers, etc.
But the location is the worst considering all the other options around they could have picked.
Let me remind everyone my experience is only based on banking, not on loans of any sort.
Otherwise i've been pretty happy with them.
She was a pleasure and good at her job!
Jeremy took very good care of us with the purchase of our new home.
The process was very simple, and he was able to obtain a really good rate on our mortgage.
Very proud to have such a great friend and consultant!
The guy to do a notary for me was just down right rude.
He basically told me to shove it and get it done correctly.
I will not visit this particular branch anymore because of this guy.
Best and i mean best customer service i've received since having been a member of boa.
This is my second time meeting with brian wolfe.
Our first meeting was pleasant and informative, but i had to set an appointment to discuss my business accounts.
He went above and beyond the call of banking duty and got everything taken care of.
He is professional, warm and personalizes his service.
Thanks to him, my problems a are solved and i have a plan moving forward with my business.
I would refer anyone to him.
I am now an even bigger fan of bank of america.
4 th try in a month ,3 times at location in champaign ,last time thursday in urbana.
5: 45 i i afternoon .
What in in pans looks old and dry.
Server says we are making more.
Cook standing around like wished he was some where else.
That's it ,we quit.
We ate at red robin and portillo,s.
They got your profit ,, we loved panda ,what's your management problem.
Wake up you are losing it.the food is good , if you can get it.
My simple review of this branch: sub par.
I don't usually bank here but the club i'm now a part of does.
I myself had to make several trips here trying to get put on the account.
Sometimes the wrong people are here and you can't get help beyond the basic teller.
I've tried calling to make an appointment and never can get someone on the phone.
Apparently not the day i was there.
I went back in, spoke the manager (kim), she said she'd get me setup.
Two weeks later, no card.
I go back in.
Original guy says "i was waiting for you to come back in..."   excuse me?
Don't you have my phone number?
Isn't this kinda like waiting in line for two weeks!!!
I almost gave the branch one star.
To say they failed me isn't completely true.
They failed at first and then got it done.
So they really just wasted my time and pissed me off.
A lot of the people are friendly and kim did work with me some over email.
I guess they try.
Still, i'd go somewhere else if given the option.
Great drive up window.
Always friendly and rarely long lines.
I once needed a credit line and the staff was very helpful.
Great service, best banking experience ever!!!
I highly recommend navy federal to anyone that appreciates fast in and outs, and polite and courteous service..
He locked door just in from of my nose!
That is a banking management and they want our money ?????
Yes, it is " a welcome to scottsdale"
Sean overlock is a fantastic state farm agent and an even better person.
He and his staff are super knowledgeable about the best policies for you and your family.
Highly recommend for anyone looking to switch to state farm!
Completely ridiculous that we are waiting over 20 minutes for someone to help us.
These guys are so slow.
Never going here again.
I only needed to withdraw a small amount through the teller line.
Maybe cause i was only withdrawing a small amount i wasn't deemed a priority.
Was easily waiting for them to complete my transaction for 10 minutes.
Highly recommend jeremy at pinnacle!
Before moving to phoenix we found jeremy via yelp and are fortunate we did.
He is incredibly knowledgable, professional, and helpful and we'll definitely use him again if/when we have mortgage needs.
He also suggested a realtor to us who also turned out to be a 5 star professional.
This is a mixed, multi-part review.
My last visit to the hospital was a 10:00 appt., and i arrived early at 9:40am.
So i went back to the desk and asked why?
I was told you are checked in, and waiting for an injection staff to arrive.
I was only getting a two minute twinrix shot (my last booster on the fast-track for hep.
But, this was one extreme example.
Sometimes, everything works like clock-work, just not that day.
If you don't want customer service then duvel is your man.
Wow...after all these years as a client you guys can't pass up charging nsf fees that aren't my fault...so disappointed
If i could give negative 5 stars i would.
My child was awarded funds that is set up in a structured settlement.
Coming up on it's 11th year in this institution the amount has not gained more than $1.00.
I have not received more than two statements the entire 10 years the funds have been in this institution.
Apparently no one has been properly trained on how to interact with court awarded funds.
While sitting there i keep regretting entrusting this institution with my child's money.
There has been hardly any growth.
They have no idea how to handle these funds.
I cannot get a statement on a regular basis to save my life.
I'm so over this!
I just called the main office and asked why i've only gotten 2 statements in the last 10 years.
The lady said, "i show that we have a bad address".
This time i will give them that.
I did move, while moving, my mother lay dying in the hospital.
I failed to update this address in the past year.
I asked her, "what happened to the other 9 years of no statements with the correct address?"
She had no answer.
I'm going to write the board of directors (p.o.
Box 11650, phx, az 85061) and let them know what a foul job the tempe branch is doing.
I was in toronto on business and needed a quick place to change usd into cad.
This place was really good.
Much better than using a bank or changing money at the airport.
I want everyone to know what great service i receive from this branch.
His staff is well educated, knows their business, and friendly.
The branch is clean and organized and handy to smiths shopping.
I belong to 3 different banks in town but us bank is #1.
Ask bryan  about a veterans account when you stop in.
Thanks again vietnam veteran dennis
I will never recommend this bank ever!
Just this week i brought in a jar of change to deposit in my savings.
Employee" why, don't you like us anymore?"
Explained that they no longer provided a service that i needed and his response was.
"well the tellers didn't like it much either because they had to spend time rolling the change."
I am so sorry that your employees are so inconvenienced by doing their job!
Honestly a bank that refuses to count your money?
Social media will become my weapon against this breach of customer service!
Had to come into a branch because customer service f'd a lot up over the phone.
They were beyond great in here.
My teller, melissa & then my p.b.
Always really slow in the early afternoon.
Great teller service :)
This branch is nicely located-- just east of the strip on flamingo.
There's a drive up atm.
The best thing about it is it doesn't ever seem to be busy.
Also, the tellers are always super friendly.
When i went in today, all three ladies were just sitting there.
I have never really had an issue with wells fargo, i love banking with them.
But this old bitter red head would totally be a reason for me to never come to this location again.
I went to the atm outside and after three people walked away looking confused, i tried my card.
The atm was having an error and unable to process any transactions.
So naturally i go inside to let someone know they are losing business because of a faulty machine.
It definitely was not either of those two.
Then horrid beast lady tells me they haven't had any complaints all day and maybe it was just my accounts.
I wasn't trying to complain, just letting someone know so they could have it fixed....
I hope she gets fired for poor customer service skills.
So far my experiences with us bank has been  amazing.
My husband and i have banked here for over four years and have never had any issues.
They're quick, efficient and the customer service is fantastic.
Tiffany has gotten to know us and our family.
Asking about our little girl always rings a smile to our face.
She takes the time to get upfront whatever she's doing and come over and say hello.
She made another account and put temporary money in it  to save the day.
These available funds helped us to not occur late charges on our bills.
She was a true super hero that day.. go tiffany!!
We plan on in a couple months getting our home loan through them too
Andy is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.
Thank you so much to stacey davis-evans and cathy hansen for the outstanding customer service.
Went in to deposit a check from canada.
They asked me who it was from and why did i receive it.
I've never been asked that before.
She then told me she had to ask permission to deposit.
I asked her what made her want to do that and she said it was to protect me.
I waited over 15 minutes for them to verify it and then they started to question my name.
It was finally deposited but very strange it didn't happen to my sister at another wells fargo.
I will not go to this location again.
Waste of time for nothing.
If i could give a zero star review i would!!!!
I have banked with chase for over 5 years.
There were 5 of us waiting for help.
I stayed because i understand people have off days.
1:55pm rolls around and tyler comes over and was still very rude.
I politely asked if we could try and finish up in the next 5 minutes and he said no.
Later he said "are you going to go home and take care of my family?!"
He was by far the one of the rudest people i have come in contact with!
Horrible customer service and just a mean overall person.
I'm considering closing all of my accounts because of this.
Hope no one in the future has to deal with him!
Staff is fairly nice in person at the branch so two stars for that.
The teller day to day transactions they handle fine for the  most part.
Trying to get someone on the phone though seems to be nearly impossible.
Also the communication regarding status on loans was pretty lacking.
Also calling the main customer service line i've never waited less than 20 minutes.
Some of the reviews are pretty low but in my experience, it wasn't that bad.
Came in here on a saturday and i'm not gonna lie... service is slow.
We walked in at 12pm and left the bank at around 130pm.
The banker however was nice, friendly and personable so it offsets the long wait and slow service.
Jeremy schachter at pinnacle capital mortgage was the best!
He made the whole process so easy and painless.
He was extremely knowledgable and patient with all of my questions.
I would highly recommend jeremy to anyone looking to buy or refinance a home.
The food was pretty good but nothing too special, but you can't expect too much from a chain restaurant.
The staff was super friendly though!
Can you count that intouch?
They are a horrible bank.
Even if you been there for a year they will still withhold your paychecks even business checks.
They are too cheap to hire actual people so you have to do it through a machine.
People wonder why there is such a big unemployment rate here.
There app is horrible.
You can use it for about two weeks and the.
You have to call and reset everything.
Second time that has happened to us.
Chase bank would be better.
Even wells fargo would be better the.
This dump truck of a place.
Seriously save your time and go somewhere else.
It would be easier on your money and your identity.
This location is awesome best branch ive ever been to.
Probably the best bank to.
I was able to get two accounts started and get two credit cards.
Im going to try and get my home loan through them to well see how that goes!
I have been banking with wells fargo for two years now and i have always had excellent customer service.
I was extremely happy to find so many wells fargo banks here in arizona after moving here recently from oregon.
I wish more businesses were like this.
The bank manager ken... again second occasion now has threatened me.
He has cussed me out, threatened me, and has used racial slurs on repeat.
Most unprofessional business person i have ever met.
Strongly suggest you take your business elsewhere to a bank who is more deserving.
Wondering why he would do this?
But i live around the bank and sometimes use the parking lot because southside parking situation is nuts.
I've reported him to the hr department on several occasions for his vulgar language.
Dont use this bank.
This place is run entirely by atms.
There is always a long line inside because 1 teller is on duty.
If i'm in a hurry, i'll use the outdoor or drive thru atm.
But honestly, this place is ran by a bunch of robots.
It really gives you a sense of community.
They also allow dogs inside which is a huge bonus for me!
I can see myself banking with heartland for a long time.
They deserve a rave review!
They also support local events with their heartland music series which i think is incredible!
I'm a huge music lover so seeing a local business support something so important is really wonderful.
How lame is it to have a bank that doesn't have 2 of the 3 atms working.
Guess i need to get a bank account that allows me to use any atm.
This is the second strike for bofa...
Very disappointed with navy federal.
My wife and i found the perfect house in the perfect neighborhood.
We were told to check in with navy federal because they may be able to help us.
We called back a different day and spoke to a different person who said the same thing.
I personally heard it this time, so i got really excited.
We went into this branch and spoke with someone in person about it.
I was shocked because we had been told by 3 different people before that we could.
She said she'd like to but can't.
We were not the first people  this has happened to.
Just so very disappointed with navy federal.
Now we will miss out on buying the perfect house in the perfect neighborhood.
Thanks for getting our hopes hopes up then crushing them.
We had a great experience working with pinnacle capital mortgage.
Definitely recommend their services.
Great place for currency exchange.
Just needed to change usd$200 into canadian to be a tourist.
They quoted the same exchange rate google was showing me, and simply charged a flat 3.50 fee.
No other fees or %'s.
Friendly person behind the counter gave me whatever denominations i wanted.
Highly recommend this place.
We can and will wholeheartedly recommend pinnacle to all of our friends in the future.
Give them a chance to show you what they can do - you won't regret it!
I was blown away by this guy.
Very rarely do you meet someone with such a high level of integrity and genuine care.
Firstly, his follow up was spot on, called when he said he would and was flexible in scheduling a meeting.
Never once did i feel pressure to buy, rather he asked questions that helped me make my own decisions.
I had a ridiculous amount of questions and he took his time going over them with me and my wife.
We never felt rushed.
The service here is super slow.
Been waiting for 40 minutes.
There's only two tellers working and three people in line on a wednesday at 2 pm in the afternoon.
Now i know why i prefer online banking.
The bank is very large and welcoming.
Smells good and is usually clean.
The bad thing about this place is the atm is inside and usually doesn't work.
Right now it is 9:50am in the morning and i am 6 people deep in the line at the bank.
I've never been in line this long before.
I usually just stop in and out here but today is an exception.
Christopher helped me today.
He was kind enough to give me a paper to write down my large width drawl for privacy sake.
He was quick and efficient.
Couldn't have asked for anything more in my teller!
We needed to refinance under the harp2 program.
I called our bank and few others to see what they could offer, which was a joke.
I read reviews on zillow, yelp, google and bbb before choosing pinnacle capital.
Zac white and jeremy schachter are just super guys to work with.
They provided credible, helpful information the very same day i sent them an inquiry.
They figured it all out really quickly and got us a great rate.
They're both so nice, communicative and answered all of our questions promptly and accurately.
We're extremely pleased how smoothly everything was handled.
Hopefully these guys get awards, as their level of customer service is beyond the norm.
I have stopped by twice recently to this location, and damien was so courteous and professional.
I broke both of my wrists so writing was difficult.
He had patience of a saint as i fumbled with my pen and writing.
Even joked that my signature was better than his.
I feel that he went above and beyond.
We've been customers since 1996 and have had many experiences with azfcu.
We will continue to bank here.
I can't say enought good things about this branch of america first.
I had to open a new account after experiencing a fraudulent close down of my wells fargo account.
Kelsey wight set up my new account very quickly and was so professional and personable.
This branch gets you in and out quickly even on a friday night.
You will be so glad you did!!
Jeremy at pinnacle capital mortgage helped me refinance my home in a way that was effective and honest.
He took a messy situation and made it manageable for me to handle.
I had so many questions throughout the process, and he and sharon answered each one with care.
Jeremy was easy to work with and made sure he followed through with each and every step.
I highly recommend him to anyone with mortgage needs.
What a bunch of bufoons.
We dealt with the schwab trust division and got different answers from just about everyone we spoke with.
We were trying to access info on my deceased mother's accounts.
When calling back we got another rep who told us a different story and denied us access; ugh!
Needless to sa, schwab could not even do this effectively, it did not work.
I'm undertaking steps to close my schwab accounts and encouraging friends & family to do the same.
I never felt so comfortable with the people who take care of my insurance.
He's also really cute
The phone representative at this location said yes.
I even quoted my boyfriends conversation and said that he was told only moments ago i could get one.
He says, "it is at the banks discretion."
The service here is always exceptional.
No one enjoys errands or going to the bank, but here the transactions are seamless, pleasant, and without any hitches.
It seriously is such a difference from the durango location!
Do not get your mortgage from bmo.
I am getting on an airplane and was told to call them back immediately after i landed.
Keep in mind i have plenty of verifiable income with more than 20% down.
They could not even get the closing date or location correct.
The list of mis-steps is long.
This place was wack!
First time coming here and had a smooth process from start to finish.
I called the branch to make a same-day appointment with a banker.
Upon walking in, i was immediately greeted and escorted to the person i had an appointment with.
Appointment took less than 20 minutes and i was on my way.
Thanks for the professional and efficient customer service!
Now a more centralized location for us las vegans!!
Great customer service, hospitality.
Their facility is very clean, sharp, and of course brand new.
They even had someone to greet and open the doors for the customers.
And the filipina tellers were of course awesome as well.
My mom, however, has banked with them for years now and swears by them.
The people were all friendly and courteous.
They obviously know my mom and it wasn't the generic experience i was expecting.
The customer service and attention to detail was amazing.
I am now considering switching banks!
They're a new bank trying to make a presence on vegas; but it's not gonna work.
Everything has to be "checked with the manager."
The staff here is amazing!
They are so nice and courteous!
I drive from across town sometimes just to bank at that branch...they are externally professional and make you feel welcome.
I highly recommend this bank of america location!
I've used calforex a number of times to change money before a trip.
They have always had better rates than any other exchange place or bank.
It adds up if you are exchanging a lot of money, so finding a good place is important.
Their fees are reasonable too.
$2.50 for anyting under $500 and $3.50 for anything over $500 (i think).
The only small negative i would give them is that they weren't able to get icelandic krona for me.
It was considered "rare" and "volatile" so they don't stock it, and were unwilling to order the amount i needed.
They considered the amount too small (more than $1,500 worth) to deal with.
All in all, i would definitely recommend this place for currency exchange.
She made sure to give us the best coverage and save the most money.
She has been my agent since i started driving.
Is this a proper business practice?
Take away the only roof our family has deemed to be correct business practice of a bank like rbc?
This matter is in court, rbc lawyers are pushing hard against us!, we do not have money to fight them!
Very convenient when even this manager knew we couldn't pay, she did not advise to take this to higher level!
!, all very convenient!
I'm so glad i don't bank with them.
I came to cash my employer's check for something i need for work, this is not even a personal thing.
This is taking more than half an hour to complete.
I have other things to do and people waiting for me and now i look bad because i'm delaying them.
Would never recommend them.
Unfortunately i was one of those people who came in right before closing time.
Besides the point.... even five minutes before closing i was still greeted by someone standing in the front entrance.
I was acknowledged by assuming the shift manager that someone will be with me in a moment.
Customer service is number one for me and that they had.
She stated that  steven would be with me as soon as he was done.
When steven was free he welcomed me to his window.
Transaction was done smoothly and he took the time to ask how my day was.
Even knowing he was probably ready to be done for the day he took his time with me.
Very friendly and professional.
I have not been banking with well's fargo very long but every experience i've had has been a good one.
My transaction wasn't easy but jeremy took the reigns and provided the best and most efficient transaction.
Communication was superb and i highly recommend jeremy to any and all!!
Her staff said they would note in my file that i would contact them if/when i was ready.
"i am your state farm agent.......mary is one of my licensed team members in our agency."
The ellipses were condescending and rude, and her statement was incorrect.
Nothing special, but a bank.
They have a convinient, safe on-location drive thru and walk up service.
Of course, personal safety is always an issue so just be 'aware' of your surroundings.
There is a smith, nail place and other business in this corner.
Definitely a convinient location.
I cannot say enough good things about jeremy & his team.
He gave me great ideas to improve my finances even before the loan process started.
Jeremy & his team were on top of everything throughout the process.
Things went quickly & efficiently.
Jeremy was always available to chat when i was stressing out.
The final perfect touch was that he made the trip to the title company to be at my closing.
I'm glad he was there too, because an issue came up that he helped to fix.
I cannot recommend jeremy enough for anyone looking to refinance or get a new mortgage for a home purchase.
Great accounts, free atms, and superb customer service!
The employees at this office are excellent.
They always take the time to look into my account and help improve my policy.
Convenient location for me to get cash at their atm.
But, today i went there, input $200.00... the atm gave me 2 $100 bills???
Welcome to vegas, where everyone spends money like it's going out of style.
It's faster to do several atm withdrawls of less than $100 to get what you need.
Great service and it's a beautifully renovated branch i love coming here it's never busy with no line ups.
I'm in and on to my daily tasks.
I've been with state farm in one way or another for over 30 years with various insurance coverages.
I received notice they will not renew my homeowners policy.
Its great they will accept your premium payments until you have claim, then they will drop you.
Searching for other polices may cost me 4 times as much.
Thanks for nothing state farm,  i will eventually be moving all my insurance needs.
I've been a long time client at this branch, over 20 years.
When i decided not to renew with them, i got fined $1600.
Wth is he called an advisor for then??
Thanks for nothing scotiabank.
You've definitely gained more from me than what you've ever done for me.
Nasira was so friendly i just opened an acct she as so sweet.
This is my new favorite bank.
The place is clean and everyone so nice
5 out of the 6 current reviews for bison are quite favorable.
However, it's the one that isn't that is more inline with my experience there.
The one star review wasn't there when i first researched bison, only the 4 and 5 star ones.
It sounded too good to be true.
And , in fact, it was.
Not too good, just not true.
First off let's start with the website.
If you visit the bison website, it lends a very upscale impression with both it's writing and graphics.
In reality, nothing could be further from the truth.
This is a mom and pop backyard operation, albeit from a large metal building in matt's backyard.
Disorder, dust, and disarray are the theme inside and outside the shop.
His teen-aged daughter  or wife will run your credit card for the amount due.
I have never actually met matt, the owner, only spoke to him on the phone as he was never there.
He is pleasant and courteous enough on the phone, until you begin to voice dissatisfaction.
Then he simply does not answer your calls.
But enough on that.
I was so impressed by the reviews that i brought 2 vehicles to bison for repair.
That was the most expensive part replaced on the vehicle, but somehow i racked up a bill of over $900.00.
After picking up the vehicle i called matt and told him i could still smell antifreeze.
He assured me that in a short time the smell would go away.
I will say to their credit the motor mount and the transmission were fixed correctly.
These are very straightforward repairs, and it seems in those cases they are able enough.
The motor and transmission did not have to be removed to perform repairs on them.
So how did i rack up $900.00?
There is no work order to itemize repairs, as yelp reviewer andrew c. mentioned in his review.
Curious how none of the other reviews mentioned this.
Vehicle #2 had overheating issues and an air conditioner problem.
The air was fixed, the overheating kind of fixed, it overheats less frequently now.
This is not an old car, it's a 2011 model that we bought new.
It was a bad battery warning light.
I had purchased a new battery from aaa two years prior, and they have an excellent warranty.
Aaa came to my home, checked the battery and said it was marginal, so they replaced it free of charge.
However, this did not make the warning light go out.
After that, he quit answering my calls, as yelp reviewer andrew c. also mentioned.
This time the bill was north of $750.00.
In closing i would just say that you can do better elsewhere.
I don't see how taking it to the dealership could be anymore expensive.
And, at least at the dealership there is accountability for the work performed.
Every time i stop at this branch i wonder if i really need a big bank.
Today the teller line was to the door (!!)
And there were two tellers and then one of them went on break.
No sense of urgency.
People sitting in their office.
No one seems to care.
A hispanic man in a suit (branch manager?
)walks around and says hello and then goes back in his office.
14 minutes in line then i give up.
That  branch is good for the atm,  everything else forget it.
Each month i make an appearance to pay my car loan.
Somehow i usually luck out and get the same cashier- the older hispanic lady to the far left.
I'm actually kind of bummed that i can't remember her name- first starts with an m, last is delgado.
It's on her nametag, i'm not a stalker.
There also seem to be a lot of personal banking employees standing around or chatting by the desks.
This location seems to be exceptionally well staffed compared to others.
The people who work at this branch are unhelpful and truly useless.
You're supposed to include a coupon code at the start up process.
They never mentioned it or i would have come in the next day with the coupon.
So 2 deposits have gone by and the extra $200 was never put in my account.
At what point do you think you'd say something about the code?!
So now a month has gone buy and my account is no longer "new".
The manager is stupid over there.
She talks to you as if she's talking to a child and teaching them a lesson.
That was extremely aggravating.
I won't mention any names because no matter what, they all are useless.
Use another bank branch or choose to bank elsewhere.
Friendly staff, they work hard and care about their customers.
They have a lot of demands placed on them, day-to-day, hour-by-hour, but they encounter each customer with a smile.
I was making a deposit and customer service assistance manager was assisting me.
It took her literally 20 mins to make the deposit!
Then i got a cashier check from her, and later i found out she printed the wrong name.
So i had to return to compass bank to get another cashier check.
She just ruined my day and time!
Can't this bank hire someone more efficient?
I mean how hard is it to type in the name and make simple deposit?
If you're lucky enough to get sarah, make sure you let her know how great of a job she's doing!
I love there customer service they always find ways to make sure you have no questions unanswered.
Got here wait in line to be next .
Then i noticed i was supposed to be next instead the old lady cut in front of me .
We talk and i explain my problem.
Anyway he look into my problem that i have he try is best to help me.
And in the end he help me solve my problem.
I have to admit this young man have consumers service experienced .
And on top he try to help solve there problem.
This bank is very lucky to have this man working for them.
I wish we can have this man in orange county.
This young man tommy dixson really care for his consumers.
And he will go out his way to help any consumers that need help.
I was very lucky to have him help with my problem.
I just wish there more of mr dixson .
It was nice meeting mr dixson god bless you.
Very nice young man.
I just wish other branch can learn from this young dixson.
I like to thanks mr dixson for helping me .
God bless you .
And they won't regret coming here.
We have used jeremy @ pinnacle capital for two mortgages and one refinance.
He and his team are always very organized, responsive and make the process as easy as possible.
He is always our go to guy and offers competitive rates and the best customer service around!
All the operations where done online, very convenient.
Therefore by switching i make more money, and keep more money.
I definitely recommend this bank!
Very poor customers service .
I was going in to cash my coins in.
They were rolled , i can understand if they were loose.
Why even roll them , might as well go to coinstar .
Very poor ettiequte .
The all were just to lazy to get up of their seats to but coins in there vault.
My i also mention i've been a customer here for 7 plus years !!!!!!!
Avoid this branch at all costs!
Great service by torrie hinds, consumer banker!
Went above and beyond and stayed late to get our business account open!
I love this chase branch.
I consistently receive excellent customer service.
I had a horrible experience at the branch on shea and tatum.
This branch rectified the situation and apologized for his unprofessional behavior.
This is a 5- star branch!
America first only has "one" atm machine for all their customers!
When they designed this credit union they must have figured they would only get one customer.
There are no atm machines inside the branch as well.
So all of their customers must only use one atm machine located around the side of the building.
Not sure what they were thinking only having one atm machine for all their customers.
I don't feel safe as a customer
Terrible,,slow,,, no exscus for this...for people behind the counter and only two...
Working.. one lady took her friend to the front of the line....
Professional, knowledgeable and friendly customer service.
Ann has solved my urgen issue in less then a minute, all with smile and positive attitude.
At the end of the day, a bank is a bank.
The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it took forever to open an account.
Not because we had to wait for service but because the lady doing it was super slow.
Nonetheless every time i go in, i am greeted with a smile.
Definitely like the new look of chase.
Not the biggest fan of the bank or any bank but where else are you going to put your money.
Absolutely the worst bank ever.
After practically begging for my money i agreed against my better judgment to open an account with chase.
I opened the account last week.
Been making deposits regularly into my business and personal accounts.
No one could give any answers.
They just looked down while i waited an hour for a cashiers check to be cut.
Mind you i have to wait until my recent deposits clear.
So they hold hostage over 25k of my money until they deem it worthy to release.
If i was trying use a card or turning in coins is understand.
Cash for coin though?
I find that last part foolish and aggravating.
I hate bank of america more than anything else in the world.
Bottom line:  they don't care about me, my money, my life, or my circumstances.
All they care about is whether or not i'm stupid enough to continue paying them overdraft fees.
I closed my account and switched to a smaller credit union and i couldn't be happier with my decision.
We were so frustrated with the process of trying to modify our loan.
We bought our home and closed the week that the housing market crashed.
We tried working with the banks to modify but were pushed into endless circles chasing paperwork for over a year.
During the process jeremy would call at least weekly to give a status update and expectations for the next steps.
We now have a conventional mortgage at a much lower rate saving us over $600/month.
We really appreciate an honest and caring business in the community.
Pinnacle made us feel like we were the only clients.
It was a really great experience.
We have been doing business with jeremy for many years and many homes.
The peace of mind we get from his outstanding service and follow through is second-to-none.
Went in for a simple notary.
Ive used other branches in the past with no trouble.
He made certain comments that made me feel as though he thought i was using a fake id.
I understand the need for security but that was a bit over the top and uncalled for.
Good local service and better rates that the online-only companies.
I went here today to open an account.
If that was the case would i have come all the way downtown to get info?
I found her rude and not helpful and left more confused than when i went in.
I've had an account at wells for almost 20 years, all in good standing for both business and personal.
I've never ever been charged for one, ever.
I wouldn't recommend this beach simply because they only value profiting and not the satisfaction of their long term customers.
Larry was truly a used car salesman with absolutely zero business ethics and morals.
Really bad customer service at this particular location.
I went in twice since i've moved to the area and both times were uncomfortable.
I could have went to walmart and cashed my check knowing that.
This severely misled me for days and i will never go back to a truwest location.
This bank doesn't care about customer wait time in line.
It is always at least 20 minutes as they only have 1 or 2 tellers at a time.
I've been coming here for 3 years cause of work and would never become a client.
I've had the same issues as some of the other posters.
Matt never returned calls and was never at the shop.
Took my car in on june 30, 2015 he had it for a month.
Car windows were left down and filthy on the inside.
He put a new one in and couldn't get the car to start.
My husband was finally fed up, called matt with a different number and he answered.
Matt ruin the head again.
We had to purchase a rebuilt engine.
Sad to say we drove the car in and had it towed out!
Also stuck with a $1,900 bill!
We started with another lender that we have worked with, and been happy with, for a number of years.
However, we decided to do a bit more research for this loan and came across pinnacle capital.
What we found was that all turned out to be true and then some.
Jeremy, sharon, and marcea were incredibly responsive and helpful throughout the whole process.
Now that is customer service!
I wholeheartedly recommend them to anyone looking for a home loan or refinance.
I had a superb experience with zachary and his team at pinnacle capital mortgage.
They worked tirelessly to get me a refinance on my home.
I will absolutely revisit zachary and his team at pinnacle in the future when my situation improves.
No doubt at all.
Mortgages: everybody wants one now and nobody likes having one all at the same time.
Refi is equivalent to a root canal for most.
Yet, jeremy and his team at pinnacle capital mortgage make me wish i could refi yearly.
Process was simple, straight forward, and a breeze.
They saved me a ton of money, provided great, competitive rates, and their technology meant only one actual phone call.
Should i have needed more assistance or handholding, i'm confident they were only a phone call away.
My closing was just as easy.
I encourage you to call/message them today.
You have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
Join me, lower your monthly payment, and enjoy the ride!
The few times i've used this branch, i've been pleased with the customer service and friendly attitude of the staff.
This branch has excellent customer service.
Jesse opened a new account for me and was very helpful and friendly.
I highly recommend this branch if you're going to open a chase account in scottsdale.
Been banking here for 17 years.
The service these days is terrible!
Yesterday went in to make a withdrawal.
Waited 25 minutes to make the deposit.
The tellers they do have are all nice, but just never enough of them.
Go to wells fargo, much better service!
1030 in the morning.
6 people waiting in line and as always only one teller.
Counted six other employees in the bank.
I wonder how many bad reviews it will take til bofa does something.
I wish it was no stars but this app makes me choose at least one.
Loved compass until they started charging a fee for basic checking account.
Moved my business to a credit union that pays me to have an account!
Brittany & angie are rude, presumptive, and have no business representing this prestigious brand.
I'm quite disappointed in wells fargo.
Never again will i be subjected to such disregarding & arrogant treatment!
Very poor customer 'service' here.
I cannot believe how poor the customer service is at this branch.
I have been a customer here since it was valley national bank, so almost 30 years.
I went in today because i received a statement saying that my safe deposit box payment was overdue.
I have evidence that i paid it in july.
That being said the statement was poorly written and indicated that i owed a late fee.
I showed the banker that i had paid it and she refused to write off the late fee.
I asked to speak to a manager, she said there was not one available.
I asked her to write off the charge, she told me she could not.
Seriously, there are dozens of banks to chose from and you don't care about the customers who you have.
I'm looking for a new bank.
This branch has proven that they do not care.
This place is incredibly messy to get any sort of business done.
It took 7 phone calls, 5 faxes, 3 supervisors and a huge bottle of tylenol to relieve all the headaches.
Pinnacle capital was the best investment that we made in purchasing our home.
We researched them on bbb, and our experience was completely positive!
Zac was efficient and sharon was always friendly and helpful.
We had access to zac virtually 24 hours a day by email, cell phone, and office.
This was a remarkable personal touch.
Our loan closed a week early without a hitch.
The banking industry is changing fast, but i'm impressed with the b of a model.
This is not my main branch, yet they are very nice and i always feel welcome here.
Nice  job b of a!
Thank you leighanne for hating your job and ruining my happy day.
Absolutely terrible customer service, the reps have no idea what they're doing.
I don't know if she was having a bad day but seriously treated me 0 respect.
I kept trying to explain but they kept telling me there's nothing they could do to fix the situation.
I don't know if it's laziness or they're improperly trained or lack of training for situations like this.
Charging me $100+ because i wanted my mail to go to my business address.
By far, the worst experience i've had with state farm.
This is the best customer service i have ever received at any banks.
I do business with 2 other banks and they can't compare with this wells fargo branch.
All of the employees are friendly and helpful.
Naturally, i always get my bottle water before i leave.
I have been with first niagra for years and as they converted to keybank, its been a nightmare.
They apologized and took 3 weeks to refund me the feed then confirmed the checks would work going forward.
The branch doesn't answer so i have to leave a voicemail.
Ok if you just want a lock down secure banking establishment, boa is it for you!
They are huge on security!
Because of the security sensitivity it has caused me problems and inconveniences.
None of them have drive thrus anymore.
They say it's security issue which sounds odd to me!
They are secure even with the owner of the money!!!
If you want a place to save and store it's ideal.
I just need a little more flexibility so i can access my funds!
The staff at this location is great!
My wallet disappeared while i was on vacation in las vegas and they were very helpful.
The folks at chase, especially the manager (i think her name was sarah) saved my vegas vacation!!!
Thank goodness for the new instant debit card service and the wonderful helpful staff at this location!
Zootopia sloths are quicker honestly.
They're nice though and eventually resolved my issues
We were unsure of the whole process and naturally a bit apprehensive.
We began to do some research and stumbled upon pinnacle capital mortgage.
None of this would be possible without the staff at pinnacle capital mortgage and there precise and extremely speedy service.
Thank you jeremy and staff!!!
At pinnacle capital mortgage you guys are amazing.
If you are a merchant don't go to this bank.
Their 'policy' is to take whoever walks in first.
My question is, why even have a merchant line at all if you are going to treat everyone the same?
However, it is a convenience we as business accounts pay for many times over.
And that happens because not all the tellers ask who was there first.
Excellent company to work with in obtaining finance for a new home, customers feel they are treated like family.
Happy they are part of the sales.processat atchafalya homes
Sean is one of the most knowledgeable and professional insurance agents in the north east valley.
Would give zero stars.
In a bad area with shady characters and the employees are idiots.
Sandra was greeting banker and was told to assist me after i waited in line.
She then noticed someone she recognized walk into the bank and completely informed me to begin helping her friend.
Seeing as i had waited a while and had a 95 year old woman waiting nearby for me.
Incompetent staff cannot even keep order of their clients in line and we expect them to work with our money.
Top notch customer service.
Came in on a saturday and they made me feel important as a long time chase customer.
Worst bank branch ever.
The bank manager daniel is a useless and intellectually incapable stupid in managing a bank.
He does not have knowledge of all the products and services the bank offers.
He is also a racist idiot.
He has no clue about what a customer service is.
Literally they steal your money.
The bank manager name is daniel.
I was recently assaulted by another customer at this premise while this guy daniel went on serving the customer.
This newly constructed building is that the swc of e. camelback rd.
And n. 7th st.
The facility's nice but the parking lot is tight.
Look all ways/directions before pulling out of your parking spot or entering street traffic from their lot.
If i could give pinnacle stars i would do so.
From start to finish, zac white and his team kept me updated constantly without my having to ask or wonder.
The whole refi process was handled professionally and smoothly.
I highly recommend zac & team at pinnacle capital mortgage whether refinancing or initial finance.
I agree with the previous reviews that they are seriously understaffed for tellers.
Waiting 15+ minutes every time you need to go in the branch is not acceptable.
I also belong to chase directly across the street and their wait times are much less.
Today local number goes into their 800 line after several rings....so much for local banking...
Working with pinnacle and especially jeremy s. has been a well worth it experience.
Jeremy was able to secure us a mortgage better than expected and kept us in the loop the entire time.
He was also helpful with recommending other service professionals that are as highly experienced as himself.
This wells fargo sucked.
They have three tellers and a full line back to the door.
Honestly i thought they were cute children but for the staff to let them do that was ridiculous.
Overall my first and last visit here unless i need to run over there because they stay open until 7pm.
This review is about key bank's "relationship rewards" program.
I have paid $30 a year for 7 years to be in the program.
After accumulating 107,000 points, i thought i'd get an airline ticket.
I found a ticket online that was less costly than key bank could get combined with all of my points.
I wrote the chairman, beth mooney, to explain that the program is terrible.
A week later, i received a call saying that they had received my letter.
There was no fix, no apology, no ticket......nothing....just a simple statement that they had received my letter.
I finally decided to get a few gift cards for my kids with my 107,000 points.
I was able to get four gift cards of $50 each.
This bank does not know how to manage hsa accounts.
They will set one up but have no clue in what the law says regarding the account after that.
I suggest banking some where else.
She was very helpful, friendly and she provided very great customer service.
I had no problems or issues changing anything and she made things very clear and simple.
Sent over the info i needed and made my life very easy compared to my last experience with state farm.
I had renter's insurance through state farm and the whole process was breeze.
I just called and spoke with karen and it seems like everyone in this office is the best!
Friendly staff, always feel welcoming in the mornings when i stop by.
I'm not much of a morning person but a quick stop never hurt.
1/12/17 update: continuing to have problems with truwest--especially their credit card.
Twice in the last 3 years the credit card department has lost my check payment.
The first time they tried to blame the postal service stating that it must have been lost in the mail.
Since this is the second time, i am starting to wonder if they are having problems with processing check payments.
I pay my credit card in full each month within 24 hours of receiving my statement.
I have done this for many years and never carry a balance.
I did that and it had not (it wouldn't if they lost it again).
So i immediately wrote them another check and mailed it in.
See below for some of the other major issues with truwest over the last several years.
3/22/16 i have been a member of truwest for many years--going back to when they were the motorola credit union.
The only account i have with payments is my credit card which i pay off in full each month.
Unfortunately, my husband had died two years earlier.
Customer service assured me that they would research this and get back to me within a few days.
That was december and this is march and i still have not heard back from them.
I still love the branches' quick and personal customer service.
Any lines you do encounter move quickly.
I have used the free notary service here a number of times.
It will be very sad to leave this banking home.
I like this bank since it's well positioned and normally really well air cooled!
The lines however..... the lines move at a snails pace sometimes and it's painful to say the least!
This location the teller was rude as hell.
Yes charging to cash  the banks  own check is redick .
.awful way to do business and not sure how they are able to get away with this .
But the teller was far from polite not to mention the looks i was given coming thru the door.....
So remember it's not what you say it's how you say it.
Same goes for looks, given 65%of communication is non verbal ... get some better tellers csr associates that have manners.
I haven't ever used a currency exchange.
The next time i travel and require currency, i will definitely go back.
Nothing but headaches and charges with this bank.
My rent check cleared once but then was declined causing my landlord to serve me with an eviction notice.
Adding $150 in late rent and my landlord not accepting any more bank checks from me.
Was declined once again and had to call the headquarters again to take that hold off.
I talked my wife and son into banking with them aswell and get $25 per person.
But it takes 90 days to get that money.
I waited 4 months and nothing.
Hetold me to call and ask headquarters.
But they are very quick to hit you up with charges and overdrafts!
Just got back in town and went down to the bank and canceled my account.
Im going back to chase.
Never really had any problems with them.
I only signed up with midfrst because they opened 7 days a week and was open till 7pm.
Never got that money i was promised for bringing in more clients!
Got nothing blame for talking them into banking with them.
Stay away from midfirst bank.
When i first moved to phoenix this bank was close to my home.
I developed a wonderful business relationship with cindy & she helped me get started.
Now, years later...i still only go to this bank if i need to "walk in".
I drive all the way across town to go to this location.
So very helpful & eager to help you achieve the financial goals you may have in store!!!
If i could give this place zero stars if i could.
Always making us come on in into the branch to "solve" our problems.
It was pointless to go down to only be told they couldn't do anything.
We had my husbands last check from work be on hold.
I understand because it's a check he was depositing, but 14 days ??
Are you kidding me ?
And yes indeed there was an overdraft fee for an automatic payment for our car insurance.
So i gave customer service a call right away and let them know of the situation.
Then they told me to call the office branch a call that they would take care of that.
Everything after that the person on the phone just argued w me and was rude.
So then i tried mine and the same message came up.
So we went to another branch to try and attempt to deposit and the same error message came up.
Nothing could be done on the acct because of the error message we cont to get.
So we call customer service and they couldn't do jack shit.
That we needed to go in into a branch and get it resolved.
Mind you we had do leve in a few hours.
So we just left the bank acct on $0.
One because of a monthly fee for our act which is fine.
Two because we had not made a deposit for a month.
Like ok hello we did try to attempt and make a deposit before we left.
All in all and in a few words they give you the run around & ultimately blame you.
Don't bank with them .
Very helpful teller and the location wasn't busy when i stopped in!
They do have a drive thru atm, yay!
Located right in front of the dmv.
We worked with zac white and what an experience it was.
The entire process went very smoothly, all questions were answered and he always got back to us extremely promptly.
E-mails returned within about an hour every single time.
Just an amazing level of service.
We'll be recommending zac and pinnacle capital to any and all of our friends who need a mortgage!
Sub standard customer service.
Management not owning up to its responsibilities.
Treating us like we don't matter.
Not recommending this branch to anyone.
Small branch located within the shopping plaza by walmart & starbucks.
It's not my favorite location but the tellers have consistently been friendly and it's close by.
There's always a line that seems to take forever but honestly what bofa isn't like that?
Unfortunately there isn't a drive thru atm here.
But there is an atm that they partition off, which allows you access once they've closed for the night.
The card reader is a bit temperamental.
You might have to swipe it a few times before the door will open.
I guess i don't have the magic touch because this happens to me every time i go.
Very nice employees, although a slightly weird location.
Its located in scottsdale next to a pizza shop and a best buy in a strip mall.
I came in, they printed me checks really quickly, and called it a day.
The bank is nice and always helpful but this one teller elizabeth is always so rude!
I don't know what her problem is but when working in customer service, your attitude is everything!
I never understand people staying at jobs where they're obviously miserable!!
I guess i need to find another bank...
We wait 35 min and only three employees on duty , ridiculous.
I have a mixed opinion of this bank.
Where should i start?
We liked that because you could actually place your picture on your credit card if you liked.
Their credit card offered also worked with apple pay.
The credit card was managed by a third-party bank called first bankcard.
We received an email telling use that they would handle the conversion for us.
I get my first midfirst credit card bill and see late charges and interest charges.
Hmmm, since it automatically pays the full balance every month, why over $100 in charges?
I ask about the apple pay to the teller, and she says it is working for their credit card.
I try it, and it doesn't work.
So we come into the branch, and they spend 20 minutes calling the credit card side of midfirst.
They say it will work in 15 minutes.
The next day we try it, and it still doesn't work.
So we call midfirst, and we are now told it will not work for another month.
Update 8/12/15:  lowing my rating to one star.
We are still owed over $100 late fees and interest because of their error.
We went into the bank one month ago, and they assured us that this would be correct in a day.
Several weeks later we called them and and after a run-around, we were assured again this would be corrected.
We were even give a confirmation # for the fix.
We'll a week later, still no credit.
This is a follow up to my previous review below.
Altier did reach out to me after my original review and i must say they resolved the issue without hesitation.
Cheryl contacted me and took care of the issue within a day!
They need to clone that lady as she is what service is about.
Most wouldn't care about a pissed off customer and they did.
This has to be the worst banking institution that i have ever dealt with.
And that's saying a lot because their are some bad ones out there.
Their customer service is is non existent and their technology is something that the 80s would be proud of.
Try to get something done through their customer service has been a complete and utter nightmare.
And all i was trying to do is get a copy of a fricking document!
It's been 2.5 weeks now and still no document.
They seem to have no ability to do anything electronically whatsoever.
And they act like it's a hassle to help their customers!
I will be moving what little business i do with them back over to chase.
Don't waste your time with this place.
Go to a real banking institution.
I've been banking with chase for years...every since living in chicago...and was happy to continue my relationship out here.
I've been to many branches but really like the staff at this one.
Everyone is very friendly and helpful and they are conveniently located close to my home and where i shop.
They reversed the fees and changed my account so it wouldn't happen again in the future.
Fantastic service, inside and at the drive up teller window.
The staff is always pleasant and efficient in helping with your banking needs.
They offer 2 outside atms which is nice for busy times of the day.
They were so rude at this location.
Most wells fargo locations are great.
Their manager benjamin skelton was rude and unhelpful.
I went to the location on scottsdale and indian school and they helped me.
I was so upset and they just didn't care, couldn't even give me a good excuse.
I hope they close that ugly store and they don't reopen it.
I was very disappointed with their management.
I've been banking with pnc for little over ten months now and i'm impressed.
The people at this branch are more than helpful and really make everyday interactions personable and enjoyable.
Joyce is an absolute star - if you can clone her do it!
:-) they will have trouble getting rid of this client...
This location is clean and organized.
Staff is friendly and helpful.
Also, the atm is broken regularly enough that i'm never surprised if the atm is not working.
As far as i know, there isn't a drive thru atm for this location.
Still, this boa is very professional and i will continue to come.
A place where they've figured out a way to actually live their "banking can be this comfortable" slogan.
The biggest difference you might notice, there are zero tellers.
That's right, no lining up to deposit your cheques, take out small bills, international currency exchange.
Want $20 in $5 bill increments?
How about when you use the regular atm?
They are also home to one of the only vaults with absolutely no cash money in.
So why have it?
So you can rent a safety deposit box, the whole thing is filled with them.
Now for the most impressive feature in my opinion, their layout.
Couches and lounge chairs everywhere, free wifi and mobile phone charging stations.
The reason for this?
Overall a very comfortable and innovative banking experience and mississauga is very lucky to have the first of its kind.
Banking is now more comfortable than ever!
She helped and explained everything with me being new to bank accounts.
I'm happy with the choice of bank i went with
Let me start by stating a plain and simple fact, "i hate walking into banks."
Honestly though, this is the one branch that really, really works hard at making you a satisfied banking customer.
The manager greeted me by opening the door and also wished me a happy day upon leaving.
The bottom line, if you have to go inside a bank, i recommend this branch.
Drove 25 mins to discover they are not open.
Should update your information because it's not like you have so many convenient locations.
Complete waste of my time.
I tried again to use the atm to deposit a check and once again i wasted my time.
So i waited hoping the atm would figure out i was done.
I have been doing business with the stephanie branch for four years.
I look for services at a good price.
The cheerfulness of the tellers isn't important to me.
If they impede my doing business with them, then i would be concerned but that hasn't ever happened here.
I have a safe deposit box which is bigger and cheaper than the local banks.
I have a car loan that is more competitively priced than the local banks.
I take my loose change in and use their change machine (free for customers) and really appreciate that service.
I am very happy with the credit union.
My one complaint is there website/internet banking.
Definitely outdated and in need of a total upgrade.
Maximum transfers are too low and system itself is very slow.
I maintain only a small checking account here and use others for my main checking.
If i didn't, i would be very frustrated.
I opened my accounts at midfirst in 2008 and have been a super happy camper with this bank.
Customer service is phenomenal!
They always remember your name.
They have awesome banking hours.
My atm w/d fees get reimbursed if i used another bank's atm.
The bank's lobby has a lovely welcoming ambiance.
The list goes on - highly recommend!
Dumb layout of 2 atms in a single lane!
No cars were in line for the teller, so i thought maybe that would be the faster option.
Unfortunately it was not....the teller was slow and sort of bitchy.
She seemed annoyed that i came to her just to get cash instead of waiting in the atm line.
I do not like this branch at all.
I have only gone inside a couple times, but wow on the customer service!
Everything is stellar, especially at this location.
Huge lobby, inside atm, drive-up atms, really nice greeter.
Teller was cordial, efficient and quick.
I recently switched from another major insurance carrier to state farm because of sean overlock's outstanding team.
Sean overlock's team provides all three exceptionally well.
Thank you so much to sandra gomez and the rest of sean's team.
Keep doing all that you do!
This is not on the branch itself.
The tellers are kind but as an insider told me, the bankers do not know anything.
I tried to open a business credit card.
I called two weeks after my application to check on it.
They said i had to fax or mail it.
As i do not own a fax machine, i went into a branch and had them fax it.
The teller told me to call the next day to ensure it was received because there are issues.
So i called and they told me it was not received and to call the next day.
I did so and it still wasn't received.
They told me to call after 7-10 business days.
I called again and they said it wasn't received and to call the next day.
I called again and it wasn't received.
I elevated to a supervisor who told me to just mail the information.
This was all not 30 days after my initial application.
I mailed it and waited two weeks to call (today).
I have to go through all of this again after 45 days of waiting.
On top of that, their "resolution team" does nothing but tell you no.
I sure glad that this is not my primary bank.
You will be more frustrated then happy like i am.
Im hoping there will be no late fee on my account for the website never working!
These guys made buying my first home a breeze!
Thank you jeremy and your team for your great and speedy work!!
Bank of america should better be named crank of america or perhaps prank of america.
I have already filed two complaints with the fdic over their handling of a dispute with them.
Basically my time to file a claim on the charge was over and the bank ruled against me!
Well small claims away we go with the bank that i bet will fail over their less then human service
I was greeted at the door by an extremely nice manager and escorted to a very friendly and knowledgeable teller!!!
Then i was escorted to the door and i told the manager that my service was definitely a 10!!!
I highly recommend the lawrenceville citizens bank location on butler and main st.
I read other reviews where other people have complained but i had a very good experience.
I'm by no means rich but i've never had an overdraft so i can't comment about the fees they charge.
I only come in here once a month to deposit a rent check.
Every single time i go in, they welcome me with a warm greeting and ask how i'm doing.
The tellers are quick and friendly.
I've always been given the best customer service there.
Went to get a safe deposit box and it was an absolute disaster.
Update:  they called me back after sorting everything out.
Because of the horrible experience, they comp'ed the box for the first year.
After 25+ years with state farm, i am leaving because of karen wright.
I had another agent, but when i moved to another state i couldn't keep her, so i found this branch.
I had a single-car accident on a rainy day.
I called her, told her what happened while i waited for the tow truck.
I didn't think it was really a big deal, the bumper was scuffed but it wouldn't start.
I called my regular mechanic who told be about the fuel cut-off switch.
I could tell the alignment was off but wan'ts too worried about it.
I was more concerned with my husbands surgery in a couple of days.
I reminded her about the surgery, and she sighed and said she'd start the claim.
She gave me the phone number for a car rental agency to use.
A few hours later i called them to set up getting a car.
Unfortunately the car rental agency had not yet received any info from karen's office.
It had been over 3 hours.
She didn't tell me to wait, how would i know otherwise?
The claim adjuster came out, wrote the report and cut a check......
I did not get a single call from karen's office.
I found out when the mail came and there was a check enclosed.
So i called her, and yes i was unhappy.
She then sent me to another shop for the work.
Because my shop wasn't equipped for the frame & body work.
That place was the worst.
They didn't communicate with me or my husband, and her office didn't communicate with us either.
We had no idea what was going on.
Then when we did get info, karen would say one thing and then the shop would say the polar opposite.
So we started asking questions and then she got really nasty.
Even if they are not doing exactly what we want, shouldn't they at least appear to have sympathy?
Isn't that why we have insurance?
To make us feel like everything with be taken care of in the even of an accident?
Doesn't she understand when people have accidents they are stressed out?
I disagreed with a "finding".
She kept talking over me, interrupting me, and telling me to listen to her.
Well, let me finish my sentence then you can respond.
She told me that she wasn't a referral source for them.
Oh, because other insurance companies use them too?
All that mean is they have many referral sources.
Well, that was it.
She just lost a ton of income over a $200.00 repair and her surliness.
If you like state farm, just be sure to use a different agent.
Husband and i closed on a home the last part of january this year.
Do not do business with these people.
I decided to try panda express at the mall this time over the other fast food chinese places.
They also cooked the vegetables up fresh for you.
The flavor was really good for the price and i thought the portion was just right.
I was able to have a fulfilling meal and take some home for later.
I liked the teriyaki sauce on the side too so you can regulate how much you want on your food.
Jeremy's whole team is extremely efficient, very communicative, and above all follow through on everything.
But never too late!
Rest assured, this is a business with integrity and deserves all the great reviews it gets.
%6 interest to cash a 550 money order !!
That's just crazy hope i don't ever have to come back here.
And i could heard them in the back giggling (oh i charge him %6 lol) smh.
My update- i had to use this location recently and had a much better experience.
I still can't say that i was impressed but it was much better than previous visits.
This is a chain.
We all know what a bank chain is like by now, right?
Well, at least i hope we all do if we are using yelp.
I avoid it under all circumstances.
Yet they still do.
I go out of my way to avoid it.
Waste 30-60 minutes to drive and park to visit a different branch just to avoid this location.
Zac and his crew at pcm took care of my mortgage.
Very professional and caring.
They held my hand thru the entire process and found the best mortgage for me.
So much gratitude to this exceptional team.
Why are the bank tellers always so rude and unfriendly in that branch??!!
How about hello and thank you?
Or even a smile!
I'm definitely going to another branch from now on
Jeremy, sharon and the pinnacle capital mortgage team are as solid as they come.
I have purchased and refinanced many times over the years using every type of lender, broker, banker etc.
I discovered pinnacle and jeremy through an online search as i am purchasing in az from out of state.
I needed someone who would be responsive, professional and trustworthy.
He was very well reviewed but would my experience live up to the experience of others?
Oh and he and everyone in his office i worked with are nice.
There was a last minute issue which came up in that my wire transfer didn't match the final closing statements.
I hope to work with jeremy again myself.
Would give 0 stars if i could...
Eventually just left and went to camelback location 5 mins from here.
Needed a loan to help bridge my daughters medical expenses for one month.
I hate going to banks or inquiring about this stuff.
Ceaser (store manager) kept the process light, was funny, empathetic, & helpful.
We were in and out in 30 minutes with exactly what we had asked for.
It was a nice alternative for short-term loans.
( i should add that i physically went to at least 3 other title loan places and walked away.)
I've had a checkered history with banks, especially those with false information!
My bank told me they had euros on site, went to the bank, they had nothing!
Not even a single dollar.
I walked in hours later, and was literally in and out within a minute...no i.d.
No signature, no fuss no hassle no problem!
I was extremely happy and impressed with this quick and easy service and i wish more places were like this.
No day or two wait time!
They are replacing tellers with a "super-atm" in the lobby.
Longer lines, poor customer service: i am planning to change banks for my personal, business and corporate accounts.
So i walk into this bank and everyone was very friendly.
Jesse came over and said he would help me.
I sat at his desk and he was more than helpful !!!
Everything i asked he knew.
I will never go to another wells fargo thank you so much jesse
I have recommended jeremy with pinnacle morgage to all my friends.
He answers the phone.
He is almost immediate with his responses.
We have used him multiple times.
His staff is amazing too.
My husband and i found a house we wanted to buy on a whim.
It was like 12:00pm.
And by 4p we had been prequalified and our offer was submitted.
He worked seamlessly with our realtor.
If it wasn't for him, i would not have the house i fell in love with.
There were 5 offers and he made it happen.
He is smart and honest and a great guy.
Great place to work!!!
Environment is so welcoming and open...unlike any other place i've ever worked at!
I have banked with chase for years and have always had great service.
I love their "choose your own bills" atms and the fact they are everywhere.
Today we came in to open a new business account, a rather long process, anita vega was our banker.
She was kind and welcoming and super professional.
Everything was explained in detail and anita made the process painless.
Great job chase for maintaining customer loyalty where there are so many banking choices.
We moved all of our accounts to this bank after being disillusioned by chase bank.
Everything was great - until we were transferred out of phoenix.
I was going to maintain the checking and loan accounts and handle transactions through online banking.
My husband had a self-directed ira that we decided to move closer to our current residence.
He completed the paperwork on a friday to have the money wired to a local bank.
He called the following wednesday and was told that the "manager didn't approve the wire transfer".
There was no reason given for this.
Fast forward one week later.
It is late on wednesday and the check is nowhere to be found.
My husband called our local bank to see if maybe they are holding funds, but they haven't received anything.
He then called altier to get a tracking number.
What he got instead was a description of the envelope - it's in a white envelope.
We're not talking about a small sum of money here.
Apparently altier will risk having someone else's money being lost in the mail.
For me, this is a "bank" that shouldn't be trusted with other people's money.
I have now changed all of our automatic debit accounts and redirected all direct deposits.
As soon as i am confident that all transactions have cleared, i will be closing all accounts.
In the meantime, we'll continue to wait for the mail truck.
If i could give 0 stars i would.
Worst bank i've ever used in my life.
First they tell me cars couldn't go negative and wouldnt get overdraft fees.
Find out that's a lie.
They kept canceling my card anytime i was spending money thinking it was fraud.
So i kept having to call them and verify it wasn't.
I did the mobile deposit once and it took them a week to deposit the check!
I warn you do not use chase!!
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
I would like to thank zac white for doing such a good job.
I was working with another mortgage broker who could not give me any choices as far as rates were concerned.
I called pinnacle and spoke to zac.
He was very knowledgeable and gave me many choices.
To top it off, i got money back to apply towards my closing costs.
They have candy and water and it's cool.
Had a fee charged called to check on it and too see if i could get a refund maybe.
The service i received from the lady who was very rude and not helpful at all, reminded you of boa.
The service at this location is often slow but always friendly.
I am always greeted as i enter the bank.
They always ask if there's anything else i need.
I recommend this branch as long as you aren't in a hurry!
Its not just about the company but also the agent.
Wes stahler's office has been a great experience.
They are responsive and want to understand your needs to ensure you are accurately covered.
They even talked to me about products to ensue that i am covered in the future.
I not only recommend state farm but specifically i recommend wes stahler's office.
Great business to support.
Jazmin, the 1 employee remained calm, patient, and kind towards each customer.
By time i left there were 13 people remaining in line and many more walking in.
This was a management fail!
Waiting what seems like forever for a banker, which is not uncommon in any branch.
Seriously switching banks after 6 years.
Received excellent care for a periodic visit for audiology and repair of hearing aids.
Quick appointment, text reminders and confirmation and efficient self check in.
Was early and was seen early.
Had a long drive and anticipated some glitches but none occurred.
Very professional and courteous with each staff contact.
Don't feel entitled but found respect for my service and made me feel good about bing a vet.
I use this branch weekly my business is right down the street so it's super convenient.
As soon as you walk in all the employees welcome you or say hello.
Down home friendly banking in a big city is hard to find.
I've always been very pleased!
The place is a little worn though.
Great customer service most of the bankers are bilingual even though that doesn't apply to me.
The parking lot is u-shaped which is nice, you pull in one way and go out the other, very simple.
They always greet me at the door and ask if i want a water.
Very helpful and friendly!
I really am amazed at the level of customer service.
I'm usually in and out quickly.
Called in the day before to ask about the exchange rate for krona and to confirm what time they close.
They said that regular time is 7 pm but because it is year end, they close at 5 pm today.
They said they would and so i sped walk after work coming from queens park and university.
I'm upset that they couldn't have told me this before when i called earlier.
I stop in here for all my baking needs.
Ben, the branch manager is super nice, and the rest of the staff is always nice and friendly.
Jeremy was extremely helpful and know his stuff in looking at an opportunity to refinance our home.
Everyone in phoenix should give him an opportunity to save themselves money on their mortgages.
How does this make any sense?
Now, i have to deal with the overages i wasn't prepared for.
This credit union is a joke and need to train their employees more thoroughly.
When this was m&i the service was great.
Now that it's bmo harris, the service is terrible and the fees are way too high.
Best chase bank in town.
If u want $17, $56, $763 ect.
It lets you choose what bills u want  1, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 dollar bills.
Pretty cool to me.
Now i don't have to be stuck with a bunch of $20 bills
I've been a proud member of navy federal credit union for over ten years now.
I already had a number of bank accounts, but my brother encouraged me to open an account.
(he was enlisted at the time.)
At the time i lived in san diego so it made more sense to have a local account.
Living here in phoenix i have less of a need to visit my branch.
But when i do, i positively *love* it!
Plus they always have cookies.
Navy federal (overall) is wonderful.
Any branch i've ever walked into has been the same.
You really can't go wrong with banking with navy fed.
I ring navy federal, they pick up the phone.
No matter whom i speak to, any issue i've had has been resolved.
Great online user experience.
The exact opposite of dealing with the global banks i've previously been associated with.
I [heart] navy federal credit union.
They charge an $8.00 fee to cash a member's check that is written to a non member!
I was also glad that they opened a more central location.
Having to trek north or south for a 45 minute drive was such an obstacle for me.
Everybody was wonderful and helpful, no problems.
Clean well lit atm's and plenty of parking that's close by to prevent and scary issues.
The inside of this location is quiet and we'll organized...not much else to say, it's a bank folks.
The drive thru is set up decently, but there is only 1 atm so there are lines.
Also, they charge $3 for withdrawals from another bank, which is really high!
Worst banking location experience ever at wells fargo.
Staff was incompetent in handling a check and has to ask around.
I have a little hard time understand the person verify transactions speaking english.
As a branch especially in financial industry, should you not find someone that can explain clearly for clients?
I will not come to this branch to do any of my future banking.
Although i will continue to do business wells fargo even though they currently have terrible integrity rating right now.
Worst bank ever and i've banked with them for 4 years i'm moving my shit else where!!!
Just another chase bank.
As all of the banks they need more customer support and service.
But this is becoming the norm in this industry.
A little frustrating at times considering they're holding your money.
Love to go to this location when i have my kids w/ me.
=) the person who helped my husband & i open an account for the 1st time moved to this location.
(sorry... i'm drawing a blank on his name right now).
Best of all, he remembers us by name!
That's great customer service if you ask me.
Overall, great customer service if you do a walk-in as well as the drive-thru.
Great service- don't go during peak hours.
Lafotasi is helpful, en pointe, and a rarity in customer service.
Don't let your best employees walk without added responsibility and trust!
Lucy, neira, and tracy are very helpful and welcoming.
The process is very straightforward and they are very comforting.
They will direct you through the entire way!
The home buying experience i had with jeremy and everyone at pinnacle capital mortgage was smooth and seamless.
The team at pinnacle capital mortgage treat you like a long-time friend, not as customer or a number.
Throughout the buying process, you are well-informed every step of the way.
Should a question arise, they are immediately there to assist.
I highly recommend pcm to friends and family.
Thank you for making it easy!
I look forward to working with you all in the future.
I don't deal with people if i don't have to.
This place has walk-up atm's, and that's as far as i go here.
To start my experience, i walk in to sign a check on a new loan.
The lady at the front said she would be able to do it so we didn't have to wait.
Waiting for her for 30 minutes, we walked up to her and politely asked what was taking so long.
She said we now had to see a personal banker.
She just didn't care to mention that or care that we may have things to do in our lives.
The lady at the front was deceitful.
I will never step foot in this branch for any reason.
By far the worst run bank i have been in.
I would give this bank zero stars if i could.
I've banked here for years.
Tellers still don't recognize me.
They would not accept a cash payment without an id?
They have my mortgage, a checking, and credit card account.
They asked me for other identifying info and still would not accept my cash.
It was bad enough when they closed down the drive-thru banking, so i've physically gone inside this bank for months!
I'm most disappointed that they truly do not care if they have my business or not.
Soon they will not.
I'll never respect the people that are just standing there doing nothing.
While there are more than 5 people in line and only 2 tellers.
So many people here just standing around doing nothing.
Quick review: o love this branch in particular.
I've gone to others and this one has that home grown feel.
1 teller always pays attention to what's on the slip.
The other tellers don't pay attention.
They repeatedly ask what account, how much withdrawing.
While i have already given the withdrawal slip.
I've had state farm insurance since i moved to georgia in 2011 and have always paid my premiums.
The first incident was a tub cracked that flooded down into the downstairs bathroom.
I had just started the process of getting quotes when the next day something else happened.
The day i got the check the cast iron drain line running from the upstairs bathroom ruptured, flooding the basement.
Servepro were extremely professional.
The pipe was fixed on friday and by sunday we had it dried out downstairs.
So i have $3334.23 to try to fix 3 rooms.
I've already had quotes and this doesn't even come close.
So now its two weeks to the holidays, two young children, and i am having to deal with this.
It seems the problem is more instutional than i thought.
I have been banking with  key bank for 10  years.
I decided to close my savings account.
I got the cash and  they deducted $12.00.
10 years banking with key and that is how i get treated.
I have never had a bounced check and have always put my direct deposit from social security.
In my checking account.
Key bank has really screwed me over.
If you don't want to get treated like a 2nd class citizen  don't bank with key.
They will screw you over.
Every time i come to this bank they have one teller working.
The tellers are nice but when you wait 20 minutes to see the one teller they have it's pretty ridiculous.
The manager says they are going down to one teller.
Avoid this branch if you can.
No longer offer notary service?
Most branches have closed drive thrus... chase you're making it real hsrd to keep my money there...
When i go to a restaurant during prime time i expect results.
I did not get them at panda express at the mall.
After completing my order they legitimately offered me something that was unavailable.
No i don't i retorted, taken aback by the circumstances prolonging my insatiable hunger.
Went in here to merge our accounts.
I had their premier plus checking for years.
Yes, yes, yes...  4 months later fees on all of our accounts.
That's cute,  but i shouldn't be paying for her misinformation/mistake.
It's like my second job.
I think they hate seeing me walk in as much as i hate going.
This is a 1% joint anyway.
Worst mannered and discriminatory service i've had in banking.
If you are an immigrant i don't recommend this bank at all.
4th of july weekend and they only have one atm open and it's a drive through.
Stuck in the traffic of it for 35 mins and it's hot as hell outside.
The ppl in this bank are too lazy to get up and check.
Will never go to this bank again.
Bad customer service, rude receptionist, long waits.
All i needed was a new debit card ordered!!!
To top it off they tried to get me to take out a credit card while i waited?!?!?
Are you kidding me??
We used pcm to refinance our mortgage and i couldn't have asked for a better experience.
Everyone was so friendly and timely on responses.
The process went so smoothly!!
I have to give kuddos to zac, rhonda & sharon for an amazing job!
Jeremy and the team at pinnacle made my first-time home buying experience easy to understand, manageable, and friendly.
What's most important is i trust their work and guidance - an important factor when making such a big commitment.
Hands down, i'll be back to pinnacle for future mortgage needs.
Terrible customer service from the teller.
They upset me for the last time today.
I went into the closest bank of a different brand i could find and i'll be switching to washington federal.
They truly know the meaning of customer service and they don't try and force you to talk to a machine.
Helpful bunch, but they're limited in how they can help on location.
Been with sce for about 6 months now.
Signed up after them coming out to my work offering better rates on loans and better service.
At that time, i met manager, ludi.
Now i won't lie and say it's been perfect.
There have been a couple of goofs on sces part that annoyed me.
I can't think of anywhere else i've been treated like this, certainly not a bank.
Ludi and sce have earned a difficult, but very happy customer!
Always asking if they can help you with anything else.
Parking is always available and drive thru lanes go fast.
I haven't done anything here except for cash deposits and withdrawals.
As far as that goes, i've never had a bad experience.
This branch is small, clean, and has a drive up atm.
5 stars for all my basic banking needs!
Words cannot begin to describe just how thrilled i am right now.
I had the pleasure of working with jeremy and his team and they helped me refinance my home.
First of all, the man has more patience than anyone i know.
He stayed on top of everything and kept me updated on every detail regarding refinancing my home.
He will make sure you are well taken care of and get you the best possible rate.
Thank you again jeremy for everything!
Dave and kathy did a wonderful job helping us find the right loan that fit our needs.
Overall it was an excellent experience.
I swear these people will not lift a finger to help you.
There was a fax machine behind the lady that no one was using and she just refused to do it.
Unbelievable, a monkey could do a better job.
It was 100% banking related, wasnt like i was asking her to fax random personal documents.
No customer service here.
So i joined desert schools instead.
I'm happy to say the drive is much shorter, but incompetence still prevails.
A month or two later i was credited with a deposit i didn't make.
Let's just say i stopped being nice at that point.
I did meet at one point with the assistant branch manager regarding their security measures, or lack thereof it seems.
She happened to mention they had recently changed to a new computer system.
If this is an improvement,  their old one must have involved punch cards.
It takes forever to run a deposit, even a single check.
And keep your eye on your account.
Their account numbers are consecutive (who does that?
But, it's too much hassle to change everything to a new bank again.
Cheryll and denise are super efficient and thorough.
I came here to get some work done quickly.
They didn't give me any hassle when i did it and there was no line while getting it done.
They didn't complain while the other members of our party waited around either.
I bank here quite often and usually have no complaints.
I ended up having to leave in order to make it to another appointment in tempe in time.
Thank goodness there was a boa branch right on mill ave!
A notary named chris was able to assist me w/o making me feel like i was inconveniencing her!
There are too many names to mention when offering praise to these men and women.
Yesterday carlos helped update my profile.
He is a true asset to wells fargo.
Wells fargo hires the nicest people.
You have a great team - let's keep them happy - pay raises for everyone!
I've been to this credit union 4 other times and have always been lucky to get the same, kind teller.
Today unfortunately she wasn't there so i was "helped" by some one else.
Thanks for nothing teller ri-084, i'll make sure the internet knows how much of a jerk you are :)
Each time i visit this specific branch i leave disappointed in the service.
I understand any/all financial institutions maintain the responsibility of protecting the assets of their members.
I also understand that in order to effectively do this certain security and/or identity measures are required.
However, it's upsetting to constantly be questioned each time i attempt a transaction.
Do you have another account at a different bank?
Did you just know the exact amount that you needed?
Is that why you only wanted _____ dollars & eleven cents in change?
-yes  my inquiry is this...  why do you care so much?
Yes, of course i know how much of my own money i need to withdraw.
Maybe next time i should just say, "surprise me!"
What exactly is the appropriate amount of change one should request in order to prevent your unwarranted questioning?
It's my money, it doesn't belong to you!!!
Shall i bank elsewhere?
Now that's a question worth considering...   #thisisamerica
Terrible branch overall, the branch manager is unprofessional and disorganized.
They don't have basic customer service.
They are behind with the times with banking policies and procedures.
Very disappointing given that this is a beautiful bank and great location.
I hope they make some changes soon!
Do yourself a favor.. drive to another branch.
Walked in and was greeted by four bankers.
All four just stood there while more people came in for assistance.
Sadly this branch is closest to my workplace but i will definitely not be coming here again!
I would highly recommend this company.
This company took a chance with us and we were very grateful!!
We knew from the foreclosure not to have a arm loan that makes payments over 3 years higher and higher.
We were much smarter and knew what we could afford and not $1,400 a month like before the housing crisis.
Thank god for zac who got us into the house we live in today.
He also did a refinance for us when no other company would as well.
We pay less for this house now than would if rented.
If you are debating if you should try out this company definitely do not hesitate and give them a try!!!
They keep you informed every step of the way!
I love coming into the office.
The professionalism is stellar and very easy to work with.
All questions are answered within minutes, and make it worth calling.
Thank you ariel for always being there.
I wouldn't even give them one star but it's required in order to post.
It's a shame that there is no service whatsoever.
Not even a hello!
I don't even know how they operate in this manner!
Not to mention their awkward set up.
Can chew on what's left of me down there.
Of waiting at window he told he that could not cash the check.
I forgot forgot his name, latino dude black suit working in the middle.
His boss even said it was ok.
Stay away from this fraudulent place!
Probably too busy opening fake accounts!
My wife and i began looking for mortgage companies starting in february contacting several and barely hearing anything back.
I found zac white here on yelp and figured there's nothing to lose and sent a message over.
Minutes later he called me back and discussed nearly every option available.
He also put us in touch with a realtor he works closely with which made the entire experience seamless.
I have had some good but mostly bad!
All the while they just lead me to believe they were clueless and helpless for me.
After almost 6 months!
I am not going any further with this trainwreck!
With tom harman - state farm insurance, i would save well over $200 a year with the exact same coverage.
Tom even called and sang me happy birthday, how cool is that?!
Email, paperwork and payments have all been very easy.
Zac white is amazing!
He was so helpful and essential in our home purchase.
He is a work-a-holic who went out of his way to ensure our loan was approved and processed timely.
Zac was very accommodating and preapproved us over the phone in the event we found a house immediately.
I cannot say enough good things about zac's enthusiasm, professionalism, and dedication to his clients.
I would recommend zac to all my friends and family and will use his services in the future!
Wish it were possible to give zero stars!
(it's a payroll check.)
Then after about 5 more minutes he hands it back to me and says nothing.
There were 5 ppl waiting and one teller!!!
I asked him do i have to get back in line and wait?
I would have been next.
He smirks and says "yup at the end of the line".
Parker turk and his staff are amazing!
Super honest and professional.
I highly recommend there guys.
I really can not explain the lack of customer service at this branch.
I had a lady banker push me for a checking/savings/credit card pretty hard.
I do not have any other accounts their.
I do my banking now with chase because they have a great military discount for active and vets.
Went into the branch with my mom so she could collect an ira distribution.
He had decided to not listen to my mom, that he knew better about the situation, and sent us away.
), we might have saved an hour of hour time.
They at least owe us the gas money to go to the branch who would actually listen.
Speedy and efficient at a good price.
We look forward to him expanding his shop.
So believe the reviews and the hype guys and do use jeremy and his team for anything mortgage related.
Went to this bank and had excellent service.
Lindsay helped us open an account and was very honest about everything.
We also got $125 for opening one.
The card for the account was ready that day.
I felt very fortunate to go to a bank that was helpful and knew all their clients who walked in.
They deserve no stars.
Months later i was told i can skip a payment and put it at the end of my loan.
I filled out all necessary paperwork and did everything i had to do.
2 or 3 days past and i never heard from them so i followed up.
I was told an denial email was sent out.
After this error i was told i can just get the due date changed.
Once again i did as they requested, submitted my letter in writing and was told to wait 24 hours.
Once again 2 or 3 days went by and nothing.
I had to follow up with them again.
Now i am told my account is past due and i need to pay before getting the due date changed.
Mind you, i had been requesting help with my payment for over a week now.
I have had nothing but bad experiences with this credit union.
I don't and will never recommend them.
It's a complete waist of time for members.
My business will definitely be going elsewhere very soon.
One nevada credit union seems to have better customer service.
As is consensus, customer service is terrible.
Personal bankers standing around talking amongst themselves, picking and choosing which customers to ignore.
Tellers are ok, kept the line moving briskly enough.
Got the job done, so i'm giving 3 stars.
Nothing better then having to deal with an unnecessarily rude and snarky teller after waiting in line for 15 minutes..
Greatest bank in arizona.
It's privately owned and operated.
Great bank and great employees, this is what banking is all about.
They even open on sundays too, can't beat that.
Being self-employed, it's always stressful getting all of my ducks in a row when buying/selling homes.
I started working on the loan process with jeremy at pinnacle capital almost a year in advance.
Everything was organized and in place when i found my home and the loan process was seamless.
I also love supporting other locally-owned businesses in central phoenix who live up to their reputation.
At any other bank when you make a cash deposit your cash is available instantly.
Everyone here is incredibly friendly.
Thanks for being awesome, guys!
Great company, so much fun.
I can't post more unless i write more, wellsfargo andaman i write more.
Holly was extremely rude!
I have never had such a rude person help me at chase, usually everyone is super sweet.
I went in to talk to a personal banker about opening up several savings accounts for long term goals.
I've never been to this location before.
There were two bankers gossiping about a previous customer that looked at me as i signed in.
I took a seat expecting to be called, but they continued their conversation instead.
Once a man came in & did the same thing did they get up to do their jobs.
Brian pinney was very helpful & sought ways to help save me money.
Location was clean & has accessible parking.
I was contacted just minutes after leaving my negative review here on yelp!
Great job management of altier cu!
I have been with midfirst bank for over two years now and love them.
Their customer service is the best around - bar none.
I am getting 2% on my checking account balance and i don't have to have a huge balance in it.
No atm fees, sunday hours, extended weekly hours, beautiful, well designed, elegant bank facilities!
What's not to like!
They are not a publicly traded bank that is beholding to stockholders and wall streets quarterly whims.
Sce is a very wonderful bank i highly suggest getting this bank, great friendly staffs and an satisfied costumer service.
Me and my girlfriend has shared branching from hawaii and they make it easier for us to pay.
Both locations do a very good job!
Other than that the customer service is good and bank is very neat and clean.
Looking for a mortgage lender?
Unless you want to be lied to!
I used chase as my mortgage lender, and it was one of the most frustrating experiences i've ever endured.
Robert page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on october 16th.
Then he pushed it back until october 18th.
Then he pushed it back until october 21st citing some ridiculous reason.
You see the trend?
Then, we were supposed to close on october 28th....which didn't happen either.
If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise.
The situation got so bad that i had to reach out to robert's boss, david campbell.
He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise.
Of course, they reneged on that as well.
Perhaps a federal credit union will be a better choice.
I'm not a huge fan of the bell they would like you to ring if you received great service.
Sorry, i will never ring it.
I think because they farm that work out.
I imagined it was something like the way you used to return movies at blockbuster, but it's not.
I also wonder why they ever put holds on cheques.
So, i'll give five stars to this bank location, and 2 or 3 stars to "banking" as a general concept.
Chase has lost all customer service!!!
They are closing all the drive ups, eliminating tellers, and installing large atm's in the lobbies.
Yes, i can see the point of money laundering, but come on $100?
Come on chase, from the other reviews i've read, i am not the only one disappointed in your policies.
Visited this location over the weekend to use the atm.
After trying several different ways, the green light finally flashed giving me access.
Please have someone look at this.
It is very inconvenient and frustrating.
Slow service for anything other than teller help.
And didn't know how to do a wire to payoff a loan.
Why does bofa do this?
It's a friday afternoon...in a tourist town.
We would like our money without waiting 25 minutes in line.
So what can you say about a bank, you go there, deposit your money and you leave.
But the staff here are all very nice and helpful.
Wait times for 20 plus minutes for the simplest things.
Online system is from the stone age.
I used ing in belgium it used to work well but this is a cheap knockoff.
Dear chase- your teller josh would greatly benefit from a lesson or two in customer relations.
Delivered with a genuine smile.
I've been banking with chase for many years -you hold my mortgage, my business accounts and my personal accounts.
Is this truly the level of attention your customers deserve?
Jeremy and team were awesome.
Every step of the way they took care of everything.
Kept us up to date and responded to every question quickly.
The videos are amazing!!
They charged my account for not having any activity for some time.
I went in to talk to them, and i approached a worker named bev.
She didn't seem interested at all to help me at all.
I asked more questions, and she sighed.
She didn't give me any relevant information, and was very poorly knowledgeable.
She also blamed me for the account being charged.
The manager seemed not interested at all, and no eye contact was given to me.
I would not recommend this bank to anyone.
They have no service.
If i have any issues with fees, which was rare, chase will take care of it.
I'm glad i had the majority of my savings at chase to begin with.
So long third federal.
All this nonsense over a$10 fee.
I have no idea how you are still in business.
Now let's talk about their online banking: it's ok.
The chat simply doesn't work.
Please try starting another chat session later.
Their phone service:  terribly long wait time, always.
Regarding the service at their caf, i went once and it was ok.
It was fast to deposit a cheque, but for more complex questions, they just connected me to the phone help.
They were very friendly, simple, less boot-licker than rbc (lol).
It was very relaxing to sit and have a coffee there.
We all know how hard it is to find a trustworthy and good mechanic let alone a great one.
Thanks to yelp i found bison automotive.
Customer walks in and you say "wait over there"   i stood there for at least 5 minutes and left.
If i did not like southwest so much , all my chase accounts would be gone by now
Jeremy and his team worked so hard to get our refi done quick efficiently.
There is a couple of atm's on the side.
I used it about half the time.
I went inside for the other half of the visits here.
I didn't have any problems here, though generally, it was always during the day.
Beats driving down to n. las vegas or henderson.
A much greater branch location that lives in the southwest region of las vegas.
Thanks navy fed for thinking of us!
Jeremy is the "go-to-guy" for a mortgage!
He has done two for me now and i would never even call anyone else.
His operation is excellent, friendly and he actually delivers.
Top notch service all the way!
Managers everywhere asking you ten million questions.
I know how to stand in line, i do not need assistance.
I came here after checking out bendix & guardian, they both offered worser rates.
At least at calforex the lady behind the counter is friendly too, with respectable fees.
Jeremy schachter recently helped our family as our mortgage advisor.
He did a wonderful job of expediting our loan and explaining each step along the way.
He is thorough, accessible, professional and very caring.
We greatly appreciate his help during our home buying process
If you have allergies or asthma, don't go into this building!!!
They have a burner melting a gardenia fragrance in the room.
It absolutely permeates everything in the place.
I asked them multiple times what that smell was to only be told "what smell?"
On one occasion, i walked around looking for it.
So, i guess, vbce may forget about me, i go to calforex for all my currencies purchases now.
Stay away from this branch!
Workers are so rude.
There were only few customers inside, but nobody helped me for more than 5minutes.
I would give this branch negative stars if i could.
Eastern location is better than this branch.
I have never had such poor service.
I traveling from out of town and i have never had to swipe my card twice.
No one smile or welcomes you when you walk in.
They seem to be acting like robots.
I will never go back to this branch ever again.
Rbc, a giant who will provide your basic banking needs.
We have been using wells fargo for business for years... we make transactions almost everyday at the drive through.
They have exceptional customer service and we appreciate that very much.
I had a very similar experience to shawn.
I  took my truck to matt for thr same ongoing issue 4 times.
Matt will not answer or return phone calls for his shoddy work.
Teller was super efficient and pretty friendly.
That branch is usually good about getting the people in and out.
Very important when you are trying to live your life.
Cash dem checks baby!
Carmen did a great job assisting me today and was very pleasant.
I enjoy coming to this location.
This is one of the branches we frequent the most, and have consistently had good service.
Also, on a recent trip i saw a lady customer mistreat a young employee.
And i apologized to her in behalf of all of us decent human beings.
I think we all are allowed to have a bad day here and there, but nothing justifies such rudeness.
My wife and i have home, auto, and life with wes.
He also gave us his home and cell phone number if we had any questions.
Everyone at this state farm agency is happy.
Mr. mullen came out and introduced himself and i was really impressed with him and his team.
Lisa was great on transferring my policies from california to nc and explained everything very well.
It's a great idea to have a good insurance resource...happy mullen is it for me.
I don't bank here, but i'm strongly considering changing my accounts to wells fargo at this location.
I've been having a heck of time cashing a treasury savings bond, my credit union didn't do it.
I came here and i got good vibes, the teller angel was pleasant, easy to talk to.
I looked around at the other tellers and they were young, cordial and had great attitudes.
Even though it was almost closing time.
I'm going to look into banking here.
12 person including me in the line... 2 cashiers after a holiday weekend, ridiculously 
Zac has made this process extremely smooth and has been really attentive.
I would highly recommend pinnacle capital and zac to anyone!
Literally, we sat back and they took care of everything.
They worked extremely hard to close our loan early per our request and i can't thank them enough!
I'm on my way to pick up the keys to my first home thanks to these guys.
I can't recommend them enough!
The bank is good for deposits and withdrawals.
The parking lot is a madhouse, every time you go you risk an accident...no fail, every time.
They are quick about ordering foreign currency.
I mostly just use the atm out front
Boa u wonder why u went bust and had to get a bailout?
Bofa is an easy bank to access.
They all have atm's drive and walk up,  this bank has drive up.
All banks might have this option.
But if you are coming from out of town/state that might be helpful information.
I never go inside anymore.
It's not the bank of the past.
Friendly folks safeguarding your money.
I'm old enough to remember that era, i miss it,  but then that's me.
Anyway,  they will do as much as they have to,  not more,  not less.
Welcome to the new age.....
I've had insurance with tom harman's state farm office since moving to charlotte almost 9 years ago.
He has a wonderful friendly professional staff that is attentive to taking care of his clients.
They are very knowledgeable and provide quick responses to my inquiries.
I highly recommend using his office for your insurance needs.
Ok, i don't know what's with wells fargo, but they don't seem to get customer service.
No matter what branch i go to, they are always short in tellers.
There always seems to be an issue when i come here.
There are however, 2 tellers that i have become acquainted with who are fast and friendly, pariese and carlos.
Thank you guys for making my trips bearable.
Kudos to you guys, but seriously wells fargo, when will you step up?
Most horrific banking experience.
Wanted to cancel my saving account and called them multiple times.
First of all, they opened my account without telling me that there will be $12 maintenance fee/month.
After being charged for a couple of months, i called them to cancel it.
Women working there are out-of-their mind.
Guys working there are really racists and sketchy.
They are so afraid to introduce themselves by their last names.
Made me sound like i don't know the root of my family.
Overall, they are genuinely more concerned about where i live and my ethnicity rather than offering me some professional help.
Overall, a group of very sketchy, racist, unprofessional people working at the bank.
These people are awesome!!!!
They always remember me when i come in and they go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied!
I was amazed how accommodating they are!!
My direct deposit has been pending for 2 days.
Yet, all of my pending purchases for those days have cleared.
My coworkers confirmed that they had received their direct deposit yesterday, so the issue was not on my employer's end.
I first called the customer service number and they could not determine why the funds had not cleared.
They advised me to visit a branch location, which i did.
I drove to the location and explained the issue i was experiencing.
That clearly wasn't the problem.
Then, they thought my funds were deposited later than my coworkers because of alphabetical order.
They determined that was also not the problem.
Ultimately, i was told that they had "no educated guess" as to why the money hasn't cleared.
When i asked where i could file a complaint, she told me i could just tell her.
I left the bank with -$4.13 in my account and was told to have a great night.
Yes, i will be having a wonderful night with absolutely no money.
I have a home loan, credit card, and have had a number of car loans with wells fargo.
I do not have a checking or savings account.
Today's visit just reaffirms why i don't have any other account with them.
Many people in line and only 2 tellers that were slow.
I watched a few customers get frustrated and walked out.
The teller that waited on me had no name badge on so i don't know her name.
She spoke so softly i could not even hear her.
Business to do but became so frustrating i just left
Third time i went in i demanded they give me a knew card.
They call manager some tall black dude comes out talking aggressive constantly cracking his knuckles.
I have started my loan application a week ago.
I love wells fargo bank!
I was a bank of america customer and finally decided to leave them i was never satisfied with them.
Wells fargo customer service is amazing specially this location.
This new branch is nice and accessible, the customer service and the staffs are awesome especially jordan.
The customer service was so bad they were extremely rude and not professional at all.
I've never experienced this with any other bank or company period.
I paid off my loan as soon as possible to avoid them.
I guess thats a good strategy to get your money in their defense.
Then they found it and i got no apology, nothing.
I warn you do not go through this bank it is horrible!!
This branch was so clean and nice.
Cannot say how much i appreciated all this information and assistance.
I've been banking with this pnc branch (formerly national city) since 2006.
The staff here are amazing - they really make the whole banking experience seamless and easy whenever possible.
Zero stars is more like it.
They do not know how to treat a customer.
Joe specifically, would not even give me the time of day.
He was more interested in lunch!
Floors look spit shined.
Care on both visits have been exceptional and i would heartily recommend going here
Long lines only three tellers working!?
In the meantime, others are busy opening new accounts.
You can't even help your current customers yet want to add more.
I honestly think this place needs a makeover.
And the parking lot is so awkward.
Lmao do they have all their employees review this place five stars or what?
I signed up for an account with these guys and chose to not allow overdrafts.
And next thing you know my account is negative $45.40.
Strange that it's the exact same $34.
So yeah, if you opt out of overdrafts then you're opting into negative balance fees.
Awesome, first convenience bank, have you guys been smoking dick dust all evening?
I recommend that nobody ever, ever, ever do any business with these dirtbags.
It is a total con.
We had a great experience working with zac as we purchased our first home.
He was quick to answer all questions, offered great advice and genuinely cared about helping us through the whole process.
You will definitely have a stress-free experience working with him.
I 100% recommend them, especially zac!
This place is a total joke!
Signed in during the first hour of business, waited for 20mins, and felt forgotten.
I was never checked on or given an update.
I rarely go into banks to handle business, but my debit card issue required me to do so.
I walked out in disbelief almost late for work.
I doubt any attempt during lunch hour will be any better!
Anytime i took money out, they would ask what would i do with the money.
It's none of your f****ing business !!!!
Michael (manager at this location) treated me like a criminal when i closed my account.
They were whispering to each other, made me wait for very long time to close the account.
They insisted to issue cashier's check instead of giving cash.
Complete bunch of jerks !!
He is without a doubt the most trusted, knowledgeable, and professional loan officer to work with.
He is also a genuinely caring person who truly wants what's best for his clients.
If you are looking to buy a home, do yourself a favor and enlist jeremy's assistance.
It will be your "best move for your move"!
I can't say enough about the level of service i received from zach, tyler and sharon.
From the start everything is as laid out and explained to me.
Zach made sure not only to answer my questions but also made sure i was confident with my decisions.
He provided various options to see what worked best for me.
Each step in the process was seamless and not once did i feel like i was being pawned off.
They are professional, courteous and thorough.
You  will be pleased
Only complaint is the extreme wait to see a customer service rep, painfully slow.
The worst chase bank period.
I waited over 2 hours to get a single bank transfer done!
Why only have one banker in the whole damn bank!
Too many gimmick promotions.
I've had nothing but bad experience with this bank.
First they ran some daily deal with redflagdeals for $185 bonus if payroll deposit was changed before august 31.
I missed this deal by one day because their customer support got back to me after the promotion was over.
When i called their customer support to explain the situation, they basically said 'too bad nothing they can do.'
So much for appreciation of my hard earned dollars.
In summary: gimmick promotions.
Don't care attitude from client 'care' team.
Long wait time for creating an account.
You get what you pay for.
Or in this case, do not pay for.
I'm out of there.
This bank does not treat you like another number.
I should have joined this credit union before as it's member services and products are on point.
Now i'm able to build my credit with their advisor.
The branch on spring mountain and rainbow is a new facility and not too busy.
I certainly would not recommend the madison, wi location on marketplace drive.
The buyers also told us they were kept in dark for much of the process.
They were able to get another loan, but we then closed 3 weeks later, costing both of us more money.
Good companies should make good on their errors, not hide from them.
I purchased a vehicle recently and the auto dealership financed my loan through truwest - big mistake!
My last name was spelled incorrectly on my account and my email account wasn't even accurate.
Needless to say, stay away from truwest if you can help it!
I had to open a business account and i went to this bank.
Well, i have to say i was pleasantly surprised.
Looking around there was about 4 people waiting too.
I met ruppi who begin to help me with the business account.
There were the usual questions and waiting while papers were filled out and crosschecked.
Ruppi was very helpful and went beyond the norm a few times during the application process.
After about 20 minutes i was sent on my way with everything signed and ready to go.
I had the online banking and a nice new debit card in the mail.
Not bad at all.
This bank has some wonderful employees and some employees that should never work in any type of customer service environment.
The service was so bad i have basically closed all chase accounts.
Great experience with no hassles....they did their magic and my wife and i couldn't be happier.
Would recommend sun american mortgage in a heartbeat...thank you so much.
This bank is awesome!!!
I love their customer service!
Alethea helped me open a new account and she was super helpful, warm, and welcoming.
I felt very comfortable handling my banking at this branch and i really appreciated it!
The atmosphere is great!
I'd love to come back here and do more banking with my account!
Great customer service and great services and deals.
By far the best team i have came across.
Very satisfying and professional.
I  recommend jason's team to everyone, especially amabilia and guadalupe...very nice people, they always find ways to help you save.
The customer service at this branch is incredible!
I have been going here for years.... ricardo, the business banker is top notch, no matter what i need.
He is so respectful, attentive.
I specifically go to this branch for everything.
Worst b of a branch i've ever been too.
Only two tellers working on a busy wednesday morning.
The gentleman in the glasses and suit was a real prick.
Go to desert schools.
Angelyn is so nice.
Always smiling and in a great mood.
Just wanted to express how lovely she is.
I have banked with chase since way back when it was washington mutual.
A very long time customer.
I have also, for the most part been a happy customer - until recently.
They would not cash it.
She went two blocks down and cashed the money order.
Last i recalled money orders were like cash and she presented what they asked for.
She was short, to the point and cared not whether i continued to bank with them or not.
That was two days ago.
Today i called to verify that a cashiers check that i had purchased at chase had indeed been cashed.
When i called the 800 number i was treated as i had become accustom to being treated by chase.
I am with a customer at the moment (they answer the phone while they are with a customer??)
So she proceeds to say...
I will have to take your name and number and someone will call you back.
In fact, i hold a position in a very large company with thousands of employee's.
We are a company who requires direct deposit and i use to encourage my employees to use chase.
That will no longer be my recommendation.
I train folks on customer service and it only takes a few bad experiences to change an entire companies reputation.
This branch is putting it all on the line for chase in my opinion.
I have not changed banks yet, but i have definitely changed branches.
Overall the service and people at the branches are great!!
The telephone service sucks!!!
The staff is always working hard to accommodate the needs of the customers.
Like all business,  bank branches have cut back on staffing.
The employees here took the time to teach me to utilize the technology.
The staff is extremely knowledgeable, and professional.
We have been with tom now for over 24 years.
We lived on the other side of charlotte (the side where tom is) while awaiting the completion of our home.
There are many state farm agents between our home and his office.
But i will drive the distance, when necessary, to stay with this agency.
Tom & his staff are the best.
I guess the best way to describe our relationship with him is safe.
We feel safe with tom harmon & his staff.
I got my rv loan through america first.
Notwithstanding that fact, she gave me her email address and contact number and was very accessible and very responsive.
She worked around some obstacles we had involving a private-party seller and made the entire process smooth and easy.
Well done, america first.
Take your business elsewhere!
Don't go through the pain and suffering i went through.
Chase took about 5 years off of my life.
Robert page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on october 16th.
Then he pushed it back until october 18th.
Then he pushed it back until october 21st citing some ridiculous reason.
You see the trend?
Then, we were supposed to close on october 28th....which didn't happen either.
If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise.
He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise.
Of course, they reneged on that as well.
If you love being lied to, then chase is the way to go for your mortgage!
I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at chase.
I had to call multiple managers at chase before anything was done.
They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me.
$1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us.
If i could go back, i would have gone to a federal credit union for my mortgage.
This branch needs new management in a major way.
I get bummed whenever i have to come inside and deal with the employees, it takes foreeeeeeeeevvvvvveeeeeerrrr
I just counted and there are 14 people in front of me and 1 teller at the window.
I don't need people asking me what i need help with when i walk in the door.
I need faster service.
I wish my company banked elsewhere and there is no way i would do and personal business with bofa.
The customer service is awesome at this branch.
They know my name every time i come in.
Smiles on there faces and a genuine love of the customers.
If you are thirsty, never fear they will give you a water while you stand in line.
Which by the way is never long.
Terrible customer service at this branch.
The lady behind the counter inside lacks the ability to be friendly.
Same person each time i have had to go inside.
Just smile once in awhile!
Their website is clumsy.
Online check depositing does not work due their poor application.
It seems they are behind the times.
Loan rates have been uncompetitive so far for us.
They make it very difficult to do business with them.
Love the idea of a credit union, but so far, not digging this one.
Plan on looking elsewhere to refinance.
Hopefully, another credit union.
Fingers crossed that this is not the norm for credit unions in az
Decent bank (they all have their issues) and you can get free checking with direct deposit.
Lots of branch locations, too.
I've been coming here since i was 15.
Great people that really care.
Thank you for all your help.
She was actually rude and i will not use this bank location again.
I contacted customer care and she is wrong and mis informing customers.
What bank wouldn't let you cash your check and then deposit cash lol ignorance at its finest.
Would definitely recommend doing my business at this location!
Ahmed the manager and the whole staff are amazing and super friendly!
Very clean and very nice.
I was able to receive assistance right away and everything went smoothly.
Everything one would expect from a banking experience.
The agents are always more than willing to help, and i have never had the slightest problem.
Always a pleasure to conduct business with happy mullen's office!
Probably the best forex place in downtown toronto.
Place is clean and nice and not sketchy looking.
Very easy to use as an online bank, good smart phone app and web service.
So, been a wf customer for longer than 1/3 of you have been alive.
They got me to sign up during the first week as a college freshmen.
They didn't have too many citibank locations that was easily accessible without a car back then.
A new replacement is again on the way and a temporary atm was issued to tie over.
It would be nice if a text message is sent letting me know about this.
Today, they "temporarily" deactivated my ability to withdraw cash from the atm, since i was too active recently.
Okay, thanks for keeping a watchful eye on my legitimate account activity and causing minor inconvenience.
Thank you yuko for calling the back office to resolve the temporary account suspension.
That's all the tips i am going to share with you today.
I haven't actually been inside, but found the outdoor drive thru well-lit and clean.
You can tell that this location is new.
Web site poorly marked for what areas they do and do not do business in.
I would certainly recommend them to anyone!
Great service, greets guests, proactive, and helpful.
One of the best wellsfargo branches i have visited.
I love this bank!
This is the worst business i have seen.
The lady supervisor was yelling at me for 20 minutes and i could stop her.
I tried to calm her down but she never stopped.
I was asking a small question and her yelling was started.
Never seen this before.
Finished the transaction because rate is good.
Absolutely won't come back again.
No one should treat customer like this.
Her name is tammy.
I already gave her my bank draft payable to her company and she is yelling "go somewhere else".
I should have recorded her voice.
I have her signature and receipt to prove what had happened.
If she is not fired, i will never ever go there again.
As i walked in i was greeted by their stage director.
I was asked what brought me in today?
The bankers their were very friendly and prompt.
It's not a big deal but don't say something if your not going to stick it through!
Absolute worst banking experience i have ever had.
One of the greeters happened to notice a returning customer (non account holder) to cash a check.
The man was clearly not interested and she kept talking down on him and upsetting this customer.
After working at a bank, i found her behavior unprofessional.
Being a lead teller (my assumption) she could have been helping people process their inquiries.
Do not visit this bank!
They are very friendly and wait times are always good.
They also offer pretty much the same deals that any other bank offers.
All their banks are nicely appointed on the inside.
This location has soaring ceilings, nice floors, and lots of light.
It is a lot different from any other banks.
Highly recommended as i can't stand chain businesses and too big to fail banks.
Whatever.. no big deal, it wasn't busy....
So i got in line and waited.
She the responded with "well they go up to $3000" and just stared at me...
Didn't really offer to help me.
Waiting for someone to help him.
With the other bankers still standing around and talking.
Until me asking to pull out money from my account became such an ordeal.
My transaction would have taken less time if this was like any other bank i've ever pulled money from.
Remind me to skip ever going  inside this branch.
I guess i really will just stick to the atm.
Anytime i have any questions regarding my policy state farm is always there!
Everyone here is helpful and very sweet.
I always get quick professional personal service at this bank.
Pleasant but not so much chit chat that it slows me down.
Rarely any line and when there is they call another teller to help.
Formerly wamu, this is a convenient location.
Although i am going to switch banks since i don't feel like being charged for having a checking account...
I wish every single day that we had gone with any other bank.
This is the worst bank!
This is still the united states.
Please hire people who communicate in english!
Rude beyond all measures.
Please save yourself the hassle.
Bank anywhere other than well fargo.
Convenient location on the nw corner of sunset and stephanie.
Plenty of parking and a drive thru.
This is a full service branch.
Regular and commercial customer lines.
Banking, mortgages, loans, investments and more.
Plenty of staff at around monday 2pm when walking in.
They moved the line really fast with 4 tellers and an information booth guy to help direct you.
They even have a couple computers for customers to use for accessing their online accounts.
I use to go here a lot but haven't lately.
Will go to this branch more often.
Top notch they were hitting on all cylinders today 6/18/12.
This bank is on the corner of 16th street and osborn.
There are two drive thru tellers and one walk up teller.
The location seems to always be busy and has bilingual tellers to assist spanish speakers.
This is an older location which is not as modern as most bofa's but it is always clean.
The tellers are friendly though plan on standing in life for a while as i mentioned it stays busy.
Isalliah made sure to answer all of my questions!
I definitely will be back .
Thank you isalliah for giving such great customer service.
I've been a customer of wf for years never had a problem with them.
Not liking this new policy.
There is no doubt that purchasing a home can be challenging.
Fortunately we had jeremy and the staff at pinnacle capital mortgage handling our mortgage needs.
From day one we received seamless efficient and professional care.
A sincere thank you to jeremy and the staff at pinnacle capital.
Very poor customer service.
It take 3 different contacts with employees just to get a copy of your bank statement.
This should just take minutes but it took closer to an hour.
Jeremy from pinnacle capital mortgage corp is the best.
He made sure our new home purchase went as smooth and seamless as possible.
We really appreciate the work jeremy did to get us into our new home!
We highly recommend, i wouldn't go with anybody else.
This bank is finally breaking the camels back.
Literally "nickel and dimeing" for rolled coins now.
They charge to put them in and they charge to take them out.
We are a retail operation running millions of dollars through this bank and now we have to pay for coins????!!!!
You're a bank, start acting like one.
Went across the street to wells and they actually provided me coins with a smile....and i don't even deposit there.
I stopped by this location and met with an employee to fix my card and pin.
They were so nice and helpful and took care of the situation in about 10 minutes.
My native language is spanish and i was helped by someone that spoke spanish and was very helpful.
There was no line or wait.
I'm just happy to get this taken care of.
Highly recommend this branch.
Once again, us bank fails to deliver customer service.
I approached the line and there is one teller sitting at the desk and the other helping customers.
There are 5 people in line.
I asked the gal at the desk if they had a notary available and she said yes.
What a way to go!
If it weren't for the exceptionally low rate, i would be soooo done with this institution as a whole.
The lack of attention to detail, disregard for customer service and fact they driven by making their numbers are glaring.
It all comes down to the branch manager, you lead by example.
Brought in an old i bond.
Too bad really as we have been using them for about 40 years.
I moved most of my accounts to chase.
Now they are telling me it will take a week to process a credit.
Really suggest not banking here.
Bank of america or 'merica* 10 customers.
3 tellers but only 2 are working.
The supervisor walks around with a smile on her face.
Even though us customers and upset with their service.
I am ready to leave this bank for good.
I am a regular here.
I like this location.
The staff is friendly, and the drive thru banking is never too busy.
Otherwise, a great place to bank.
My experience was efficient, easy, and profoundly positive.
Lynn has shaped a wonderful team for this location, and chase is lucky to have someone like her representing them.
This bank is stupid.
I do not suggest going here.
The tellers were rude and unhelpful.
This is my usual lunch spot when i am out shopping with my family.
It is very popular and the line is usually quite long.
I don't know what was up, but it was very slow going.
Given that the food is already prepared, doesn't make much sense.
I ordered a two entree orange chicken (my fave) with white rice.
I really wanted vegetables, but they were out and i didn't want to wait.
I was going to get a soda with my order, but they were out of diet pepsi.
She asked if i wanted to wait or get something else.
Being that i only drink diet soda, it meant must go without.
I got water instead.
The portion size was fine, but the orange chicken was a bit off on this visit.
It was kinda vinegary.
I've been banking at this branch since 2004.
The two drive-thru atms are convenient, and there is rarely a wait of more than one or two cars.
The same could be said for the single walk-up machine outside.
Inside, i have found the tellers to be well-trained and exceedingly friendly.
My single complaint about this branch is it often seems understaffed with tellers at the busiest times of the day.
There is always a line.
Every other teller, and employee, is nice so you're rolling the dice going inside.
Some of the courtesy greeters are great!
Super friendly,  smiley people.
But overall, it's still a pain to have to do any business inside the bank.
If you can't do your business at the atm, god help you.
The tellers are friendly and the place looks pretty brand new.
They also have a drive thru for banking on the go.
I've always had great service at scefcu.
Now that they are open on saturdays it's even more convenient.
I'm looking at the other reviews and see that i am not alone.
There were 4 tellers, and three empty teller lines.
There was four people that worked there that were just standing around.
I asked them if they could open then empty lanes, just to get the line down.
I was told that they were not tellers, they were account agents or something like that.
Some people walked out and the "agents" still didn't bother to help out.
I said, where i work we don't say that we won't help out, because it isn't my job.
They just don't care.
I went there tonight after work, same thing.
Line out the door, four tellers, three women behind the tellers having a conversation, three people walking around not helping.
If this is the case, i would recommend chase for friendly, convenient service.
Trust me, i ain't shedding no tears when i break up with bank of america.
Nothing really stellar about this location.
There is always a line when you go, but the tellers are busy.
It seems to be the m.o.
Of all the banks.
They have enough teller locations for several employees, but they're never staffed to take care of the demand.
Every time i go to this wells fargo it is always an easy and informative trip.
They are extremely friendly and welcoming.
It doesn't appear as fake friendliness.
They try to help make the best of my account and suggest different ways to make banking easier.
I tried to deposit a commercial check stamped  "for deposit only"  but they refused to accept it.
The reason they gave was "for my protection".
They also do not include the address of the bank branch on their receipts.
Staff was super friendly in helping us close our accounts.
We got it all done in under 10 minutes!
Couldn't be happier with our visit to this location.
If i needed to visit another branch for some reason, i would come here!
I always feel that banks don't leave me, as a customer, with a lot of wiggle room.
I mean, they have my money.
Not the case here.
On more than one occasion, i've dropped in here during peak hours.
Even though it's been busy, not once have i had a negative customer service experience here.
Also, wells fargo customers get free notary services here.
So i recently popped in to get some stuff notarized, all on the free and on the quick.
No fuss, no muss, and no money spent.
More things should be like that.
This is my favorite wells fargo now!
Rude and unprofessional...that pretty much sums it up!
Really, this guy represents the company as a vice president.
Rex, you really need to find another line of work!
If we could give it more stars we would !
We started using our normal chase bank where we have investements, retirements, checking, even being a private client there.
Big mistake,  we had to cease using them for our mortgage, no communication with us.
He said yes, and believe it or not , we signed all closing documents in exactly 2 weeks!
The team kept in touch with us at all times, worked beyond the 9-5 m-f hours.
If you need a mortgage, please, it will be stress free to deal with them.
We did it all via emails and scanning our documents.
It was so easy for us this way.
We are out of state, never had to visit him in person.
We cant say enough great things about jeremy and sharon and tyler for closing in 2 weeks.
Thank you so much.
I come here all the time today there was a new lady she was not nice at all.
Go to the one on jones and desert inn better customer service.
How in the hell does a bank think it's appropriate to have one freaking teller for the whole bank.
Like seriously just one.
This is absolutely ridiculous.
I've been waiting in line 45 minutes.
Never in my life has this happened.
Have to stop here for clients now and then.
Today drive thru is closed more than 30 minutes early.
Huge line inside, one teller open at 4:20 pm.
Long line and several employees sitting around in cubicals not with customers, not working.
When i finally got my transaction completed there was no thank you, no sorry for the wait, no courtesy whatsoever.
How can you not give this bank a 5-star?
It opens on sunday, most banks don't.
It extend their business hours mondays thru fridays, most banks don't.
Seriously, do try them first before you give a bad review.
I love banking here, just used the notary service, no waiting in long lines.
Brett took care of us today.
I've had three significant experiences at this bank in which the customer service was so low, it wasn't even there.
First, i spoke to someone about an auto refi who simply would not contact me back.
She would always tell me she was going to call, and then she wouldn't.
I ended up handling it with another bank.
She never followed up to find out.
I guess they're doing so well that they don't need any more ~extra business~!
Secondly, i ordered a new debit card because they were running some kind of promo for the design cards.
You know, picture of a flower, your dog, etc.
I called them a month later, they cancelled it and sent another.
No fancy card for me.
Third, there was a snafu between midfirst and another bank that i use.
This went on for weeks, and ultimately, they did nothing to fix the problem or to retain my business.
Again, midfirst must be doing really well to just fling off customers like this.
I'm not kidding when i say it could have been an easy fix.
But not when they are so openly unwilling to do the least thing to retain a customer.
Instead, they fought with me like a middle school frienemy, and i am closing my account in disgust.
Almost every interaction that i have had with this bank has been annoying, and unusually devoid of customer service.
They don't even pretend over at the old camelback location.
In closing, worthless quality of service, time wasted, total mistake, closing account, do not recommend.
I've had the pleasure of knowing sean overlock with state farm insurance both personally and professionally for numerous years.
The level of service sean and his office provide is second to none.
Sean is unquestionably an exceptional leader in the insurance world.
I would highly recommend sean and his state farm office with anybody looking for a top agent.
This can affect your credit score.
I just found out because i have an account with credit karma and i check my credit score often.
If i could give negative 5 stars, i would.
- on attempting to cash in some savings bonds, the teller took 20 minutes (!!!)
And nearly deposited it in the wrong account.
It was lucky she tried to address me as "stephanie" or else somebody else would have gotten my money.
How exactly do you screw that up when you have both my debit card and drivers license there?
Stone-age technology: - their website is always down.
At least 3x a week.
- their email does not work.
And the piece de resistance, the re-arranging of transactions.
), and then the whole thing just cascaded into oblivion.
I am so beyond pissed at desert schools.
I refuse to deal with them anymore.
I had such a great experience at this branch, with switch my insurance thanks to maira.
I would highly recommend her to anyone, she truly goes above and beyond.
She found me the best coverage at an unbeatable price in a fast and timely manner.
I think this is the branch i go to... anyway, they are awesome!
The staff is very helpful, friendly and professional.
Why didn't she tell us the precaution before she ran the card in the first place?
No charges, just smiles and a 'have a happy weekend!'
On our way out the door.
Wells fargo definitely rocks :)
Took my suv in recently.
Very quick to diagnose and relay info.
Very fair priced and honset.
Also super quick had my car back very next day!
Will definitely be using again for my vehicle needs!
We now have a car person after a move to a different area!
I have been waiting for over 15 minutes now.
The same customer is being helped.
People behind me have left.i should of listened to the first review when they said it was a slow bank.
Never will come here again.
Go to another bank...even if it's a further drive!
The wait was long, and the service i received was sub-par at best.
I'm glad they now have an entrance from harris blvd.
Which allows it to be more convenient to myself and others who are coming from that direction.
I'm also glad they have two drive up atms now.
That is always a benefit/plus and a time saver.
Why does this bank always smell so horrible?
Now i remember why i don't come here.
Such wonderful and patient service and longer hours than other branches!
This branch saved me on a saturday.
Had some issues with online banking and sasha helped me settle everything, and did not rush me at all.
Terrible experience in working with lynn buss and the two members of the support staff she has working with her.
Was working on a simple cancellation of a policy and it turned into a large ordeal.
Every time i go into the branch the people friendly and organized.
I appreciate being able to make appointments.
I saw a man in there sitting on the ground.
He made a little tepee from twigs and possibly feces.
He was rocking back and forth and pointing upwards, possibly at ceiling feces.
He was eating a banana with chocolate but it could've been a feces related topping.
There's too much to think about to even consider going in there.
I know i could just go to other locations, but i'm not gonna.
I'm just gonna cut up my pc debit card.
I don't wanna be a part of what they are.
I dont' like to go to banks.
I prefer direct deposit and getting cash when i checkout at the grocery or at circle k or the like.
I've had to go inside this location a couple times.
I was greeted relatively promptly and i told them "i would like to pay off this loan and close it.
How do i do so?"
This part of the transaction took about an hour.
I traveled home that day, called up my current bank of choice (usaa) and they transferred the money immediately.
I opened my online summary the next day and the funds were in my boa account...
I exclaimed to myself.
It took about 45 minutes for someone to help me so i waited patiently.
I left that day with about $500 in cash and the thought that i was finished.
Fast-forward to march of 2015.
I gathered my intel and went back to into the bank to find out how to correct it.
At first, no one would help me and they kept transferring me to collections agents.
It took several days for this area manager to call me back and again, she was very apologetic.
I have had multiple mortgages, car loans, ira's and millions of dollars of direct deposits shuffled through that bank.
In the end, the relationship was ended over a $235 error on their part at the branch.
I had the best customer service.
They find ways to work with you.
They provide options that may help
Saturday and obviously they didn't know they were going to be busy!
Two bank tellers and manager standing around doing nothing!
Just wasted a half hour of my life in line!!!!!!
I wish there was an option for no stars cause that would have been them today!
It is like this every saturday, maybe they should be prepared!!!!!
Cashed a few checks at this branch.
The teller was very friendly and helpful.
I was in/out within 5 minutes and it was 11 am on a thursday.
Return factor - 80%
Horrible credit union that refuses to follow federal bankruptcy laws and retaliates against their customers.
Thankful for yelp and the reviews.
I was just about to go in and open an acct.
There are a lot of other credit unions to choose from.
Dont really like coming on a friday because of course its payday and it gets very busy.
To my suprise yes it was busy but they had plenty of teller which was great.
We have been customers for years and we came to the bank to get our will notarized.
We told the representative what we were there to do and she said no problem and had us wait.
After 25 minutes we were taken to an office and the individual asked us how he could help.
When i asked why, he said "we just can't".
Would have been nice to know from the beginning--too bad, has been a decent bank to that point
They are super nice and friendly and i've never had an issue with my transactions.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
Well, i guess things have really changed in 6 mos.
Care of customers is now of utmost concern here.
Everytime i come in i am helped with courtesy.
I present my id and ask for money.
He fills out the form.
He gives me money.
Thank you chase for understanding my needs!
Everyone in the bank was eager to help and make sure i was happy with their service.
I enjoyed my time inside the bank.
Thank you for everything.
Bottom-line: friendly but not empowered to do the right thing when they screw up.
If you're just doing depositing your paycheck and taking it out in cash, it's fine.
Just don't expect anything beyond that to go well.
I tried sending out a wire transfer in may.
I spent an hour later that week trying to fix their screwup at another branch.
I was told the fee would get taken care of but i reviewed my statement later and it never happened!
Mea culpas ensued, but talk is cheap.
Reminds me a bit of ryanair.
I left chase bank and switched to compass last year.
I don't recommend either and will probably be going to wells fargo.
I rely on on-line banking.
If you do too then don't bank here.
When you send notes to their customer service, they send generic replies, if they even reply as well.
The customer service sucks and you have limited access to your funds because of poor web site maintenance.
Anyway, i'm in the process of moving accounts to wells fargo.
They advised i wouldn't be seeing these problems.
I got to say i am amazed at how many navy federals there are in vegas.
I drive further to get to a navy federal when i lived in san diego.
This location which opened this year is very nice.
The teller was super friendly and between business questions we talked about good restaurants we both knew.
I have to say i had dreaded coming in but it was quick painless and a overall awesome experience.
This location is easy and convenient for those who live or work in sw vegas.
They have ample parking and the inside being so new is really nice.
Well laid out and easy to figure out what you need to do as soon as you walk in.
They also have a receptionist to ensure you end up in the right area.
Thanks navy fed for adding this awesome location to vegas!!
I am very impressed with this branch.
It is refreshing to receive such great customer service.
It's people like this that set chase above the other banks and why i prefer chase!
Look 4 stars for customer service at the drive thru.
The young guys here dress like old school bankers - real suit coat and tie.
Look, i appreciate it.
Takes me to the times when i was a little girl and people dressed for work.
Incredibly horrible follow up and execution.
I am in need of a loan, any kind of loan, for a unique situation.
They have disappeared and will not follow up with emails or phone calls.
I've been a chase customer for years and recently took my banking elsewhere - due to this type of service.
Only reason i went back is because they own my mortgage and thought they could help me.
Not that it really matters to them.
Very slow service at drive-up window.
I remember drive-up windows used to be fast service.
Paychecks are all supposed to be direct deposit nowadays i guess.
I do have to say there's a very friendly lady who is usually my teller, though.
Update: zero stars; not even one star for this bank.
I highly don't recommend this bank.
I feel shaded and cheated out with no contact from the bank when i had fraudulent transactions on my account.
I let them do their investigation with no contact from the bank via postal mail, phone call, or email.
I thought they were continuing to do their investigation, so i allowed then more time.
They said it would take two days to contact me.
That never happened, so i called again.
They answered and said they had no information to give me.
I was never updated about the fraud or their investigation process.
No one called me back when i left a voicemail.
I am reporting this bank and my experience to the better business bureau.
Jeremy and his team at pinnacle capital mortgage went above and beyond during our whole selling and buying process.
As soon as i contacted jeremy, i received an instant reply addressing all my questions and getting the process started.
We got pre-approved very quickly, allowing us to know exactly what budget we have to work with.
We met him in person and went over everything.
He even recommended the real estate agent we ended up working with, who we loved as well.
Jeremy answered every email i sent him in less than an hour, even during nights and weekends.
He also gave us his personal number to contact him with questions/concerns at any time.
Their whole team is very organized and very thorough in everything they do.
I would highly recommend pinnacle capital mortgage.
Employees are very rude!
Worst customer service i have ever had!
It took them over 3 months to send me a new bank card
I just joined this credit union and really like it.
Bebe is the best in setting up accounts and all the tellers are great.
Very nice branch with good service
I am not sure where to start this review.
I do not do many and usually only in cases of "wow!
That was wonderful" or "unfortunately, that was horrible."
I am sad to say this is a case of "unfortunately, that was horrible."
My parents have been members of this credit union since 1975.
They have had home equity loans, checking, savings, ira's, auto loans through this business.
Fast forward to the last 2 years..
I have had nothing but problems.
I am so fed up.
I was told no matter how i did it there would be a hold for 3 days on that check.
The only way around it was the manager's ok.
I had to practically annoy her with the question "so she said no?"
Until i got her to say yes.
Supposedly members are owners..yeah right!
We talked as a family and i am currently researching all other credit unions and banks for our family.
Do yourself a favor and do the same- but skip this one!
No more drive-thru services, not sure when they stopped doing that.
Kinda bummed about it since we are in az and summer weather just sucks.
But i guess everyone are just saving money on their expenses.
I would still bank with them, won't stop doing it just because they stopped one of their services.
But i'm giving them one less star because of this.
Be careful you may get trapped!
I need to wire money to my friend in the us.
I was hurry to catch the last bus to montreal.
I run to the bank bought the draft and had all needed information stored in my phone.
Things happened like night mare.
The manager on site, natasha (provided by one of the staff), handle my transaction.
She asked me for the swift code or aba code.
I gave her the void check from my friend.
She did not know what the number on that check mean.
I taught her how to read that routing number.
She then asked for account number, again, i had to teach her what it is and where to look for.
Finally she can understood how to look for the info on the check.
I gave her back the paper with everything clearly written.
She entered into the system and give me a print for confirmation.
There were mistakes: wrong name, wrong address number, wrong street name, wrong city, wrong  account number !!!
I checked on the paper what was wrong and how the correct ones are.
She then gave me the print to check.
I checked and still errors.
She and i played that correcting game 5 times in order to correct all the spelling and info.
She looked at me like it was my fault.
Finally, everything seamed right.
Ok, 45 minutes gone for what the bank can do in 5 to 10 minutes.
I run to my trip to montreal, it's almost late.
But the phone rang and natasha again.
She asked me to spell my friend name in full, which i do not know.
She also asked for my friend's date of birth in order to release the fund to my friend.
I told her that i will be back right away to solve the problem.
I told her that i was never asked that info before and would like to cancel that transaction.
She said no, i could not do so.
In general i will suffer the big loss.
I felt i got trapped.
There was no way to get out the trap until you gave them that info.
I was passed to the other one, tammy, who was much better and more professional.
I then text to the us for my friend number, called him for the problem.
I forwarded him email from tammy.
I tried to save money because they have better rate than my bank but it ended up a big lost.
So next time, come to the bank, deal with professional, and save time.
Their atm machine ate my card, bank employee couldn't have cared less, and told me the card was gone forever.
Long wait time to just make a deposit.
When the manager asked if the service was good i told her she needed to hire more tellers.
Her reply was ...i know, do you know anyone that wants a job?
I have four accounts, a mortgage and i even own 500 shares of the companies stock!
Had been receiving paper credit card statements and paying old school via check.
Good luck finding parking.
The 20 spots behind it are full all day everyday.
The line ups are huge.
I avoid it at all costs.
I'd given zero stars if i could.... tempe location is the worst!
Their atm wasn't working yesterday when i tried to deposit cash to make sure things didn't bounce.
Went it today and they say sorry nothing we can do would've put it in the night drop.
Why am i going to put cash in the night drop?!
So whatd they do?
Hit me with 3 overdraft fees and won't reverse them!
This isn't the first problem i've had with them either.
And when i was talking to the assistant bank manager he was laughing about it!
What great customer service.
I have been in customer service for 15yrs and that is the worst thing to do!
I will make sure to let everyone know not to bank here!
$5 dlls for q money order?
I could get it for free  somewhere else.
Why would you charge people that bank with you!
Jeremy and team did an excellent job taking care of our refinance.
The process was so simple, quick, and effortless.
I would recommend working with him and pinnacle capital mortgage on any of your home finance needs!
This is also the closest branch to my home.
As for the women..... where do they get these broads?
I had the wonderful (insert sarcasm here) experience dealing with irma, a teller, here recently.
She has no personality & is anything but professional.
Yes i love being ignored for 15 minutes then being told that i cannot have a temporary debit card!
Guess i will just starve all week
I changed to state farm with wes stahler 11 years ago for home & auto.
I've had three incidents where i needed help during that time.
This guy is awesome.
Responsive, caring, dependable office staff and thorough follow up.
Need to make a deposit for business.
They have to count the cash one by one.
Need id social security, 2 people working, answer calls at the same time.
Save time and go somewhere else unless your time is not important this is the place for you.
I have to agree with the other reviewers.
This is not a good choice if you need an establishment that is responsive to your needs.
We have a financial situation where family money (for college) needs to be tied in to kids accounts for transfers.
This group could not get it done.
I have never had a successful phone call with them.
I moved the trust to the "other" credit union.
Haven't had any problems.
I use the account for direct deposit and bill paying.
Still a pain, but more of a pain to move it.
Have a couple of kid's savings.
Will probably move to a more convenient bank when they are on their own.
Can you really love your bank ?
Mid-first could be one ....
I originally opened an account at mid-first with no expectation thinking it just another bank.
I don't know how the training program is, but hand down the best banking experience i have had.
And they were never pushy toward any services making me very comfortable.
And agree with alan, the banking center is beautiful ....
(btw, i don't work for them, just impressed by their services)
In and out in no time flat.
Location is new, so building is brightly lit, modern design and all the bells and whistles!
Great place to bank with.
Also great care in establishing car and home loans.
Have been taken care of by this place in glendale az.
The folks are very down to earth, not fake in their care at all.
I am glad to be a customer to navy fed
We have been sitting here for over an hour waiting for the one banker that is here today.
There are people sitting at desks or walking around that despite me asking someone, can't help us.
The one banker that is here is too busy talking about where he grew up and his family history.
The service at this bank has been on a steady decline for years.
This is the final straw.
We have 5 accounts here for various family members that we will be closing and moving to a "real" bank.
If you are looking for a new bank, bypass this one.
Update: two hours and we are still here.
Very slow customer service, outdated systems, undertrained staff.
It sounds to good to be true when offered upon taking a loan, well it is.
Paid thousands of dollars to this insurance company and finally came into a time of need.
Wish i had another option.
This is a sister credit union for our pool loan.
The service is terrible here.
Amy is much more interested in her coffee and jimmy johns delivery than 8 people in the waiting room.
The set up of this place breeds bad service.
Please look at our yelp reviews and make a change.
This place is amazing it was fast, smooth, and everyone had a great customer service.
Especially miss kelsy, she was absolutely helpful.
Jeremy is incredibly responsive, easy to work with and answered every question we had quickly and efficiently.
He personally attended our closing and even brought a little closing gift.
We would highly recommend jeremy and his team to anyone making home purchase!
Always greeted very friendly when i walk in everyone eager to help me!
Awesome managers always ready to accommodate me!
Came in near closing time to cash a check and was asked if i'd like to open account.
Decided to go ahead and do it but was worried about the time.
I usually hate going to the bank but this was the best experience i've had
With all the media attention retail banks are getting for "new fees" less customer service etc.
Little things, like smiling friendly service, recognizing you when you enter and leave the bank.
Then she took the deposit behind the cage and brought me my receipt.
With their awsome bill pay service online and widely accepted debit card, im staying with wells fargo.
Keep up the good job!
The service is unparalleled and their knowledge and efficiency is unmatched!
Don't both with any other mortgage companies as this is the best i have ever witnessed!
We're not from the area so we relied on yelp reviews to find a lender for our home purchase.
I couldn't be happier with jeremy and his team and i feel lucky that we found them.
Both jeremy and his processor sharon were wonderful to work with.
Prompt, responsive, informative, and nice!
Pinnacle capital is incredibly professional and we closed on time without a hitch.
I highly recommend them and we'll definitely use them again in the future!
There is an extreme lack of customer service at this location!!!
If not for them, and if it was possible, this location would receive zero stars.
The worst rep is karen!
Very ugly attitude, seriously cannot count unless given a calculator.
We're talking basic, elementary school math on multiple occasions.
It does not matter to them that there are merchants or regular customer account holders in line.
For the most part, there is no care given to please any customer who enters this banking location.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
It had a drive thru that makes it really convenient, it's usually quick, fast and easy, hassle free.
Unfortunately not all transactions and some times you have to go inside the branch which is never a pleasant experience.
There's always a long line no matter when you go with only 1-2 tellers working slow as hell!!!
I am switching banks today.
Someone owed me money.
They went to a chase branch to make a cash deposit.
Chase would not allow them to put money in my account without me being present with id.
Chase told me it was to "prevent fraud."
Yeah, i wouldn't want anyone sneaking money into my account.
It caused a huge problem for me because i was away and needed the funds in the account.
Chase is the only bank i've found with this ridiculous, inconvenient policy.
Have fun with that.
She says cause id purposes!
I'm like no that's wrong!
Then charged me 8$ to cash the check!
I said give me a receipt and she says no!
He says get out of my bank or i will call the cops!
Busy branch and long lines but they run through the line quickly.
Branch is open later hours, love this!
Stay away from this hell hole!
This particular location caters to hispanic people and could give a damn about anyone else!
They have one teller, and a ton of folks just waiting.
This is the reason they tell you anything...just to get you out of the way.
The idiot named jessica knows absolutely jack.
I guess they gave a decent face an opportunity in banking.
Even when i see other customers asking her questions, you can just see her guessing for the answers.
The first time i was here, she god honest truth!
I asked the manager, what the deal was and he tells me, those people were here first.
You lying piece of queer eye for the straight guy reject.
Even the call center customer service blows!
They need to get on the same damn page.
Do yourself a favor and bank with chase or one of these established credit unions.
If i could give this branch 0 stars i would.
I came on my lunch break to take cash out on my credit card.
They said i needed to set up a pin for my new credit card.
It took 1 hour and the man helping me just seemed to not care at all.
What kind of customer service is this?
If you don't care about your customers then don't work in customer service.
I have never been treated so disrespectfully!
I'm taking my money elsewhere.
I am so disappointed in chase and how they treated me today.
I am a full-time student and i was planning on using my lunch break to work on school.
Complete waste of my time!
No wonder there are so many bad reviews on this branch.
The staff is awesome!
Really takes care of me and that deborah - amazing service.
Jeremy was a pleasure to work with.
We had a tricky situation and jeremy made it as easy as possible.
We closed on time with no additional costs.
I was greeted right away.
Since chase is doing away with the drive through service i had to come inside.
I brought my 5 week old baby in with me.
He informed me about the atm service where i can deposit checks and explained the chase app to me.
5's for this location
I want to thank bianca guzman for all the help she has given my mother and i on our accounts.
It's nice when your new to a city and have a person like bianca guzman help you get settled in.
Thank you very much for all your help and support.
I just closed on a new home yesterday.
My wife and i were both first time home buyers and had no idea how the whole process worked.
Jeremy and his team sent multiple emails a week to let us know where we were in the process.
We always knew where we stood through the entire escrow period.
All of our documents were sent through docusign so it was extremely efficient to get all the necessary paperwork submitted.
Jeremy helped to make our first time home purchase a breeze.
We weren't stressed out at all and knew where we were at each step of the process.
We couldn't have done this without your help, jeremy.
This is the closest location to me that's an actual bank, not just a free-standing atm.
I haven't had an issue with this particular branch since i started to use it three years ago.
I've been inside several times and frequently use the drive-up atm.
My issue was handled in a very professional and friendly manner.
How i was able to setup monthly recurring transfers with the new accounts, i will never know.
The second one, i can't explain.
And if they can, then hell they deserve it.
Escalated this to their new branch manager,and she also was unable to do anything, after promising to look into it.
Worst customer service ever.
At least the balance will not mysteriously disappeared or result in a -18% return in under a year.
If i want to see that kind of return, i can just buy bank stocks.
We very much enjoyed working with andy gutman.
We are first time home buyers and we were a little intimidated going into it.
We also have unusual income sources and andy was patient and very helpful walking us through everything.
The experience was a very good one!
We felt a personal connection with andy and could tell he cared about getting us into our new home.
If i had 1 complaint, it would be weekend hours.
When did wells fargo or bofa ever do that for you?
I am finally home!
I was with the bank for eight years.
They treated me like a person and the online banking app was great too.
Recently i had money stolen from me.
So the next day i reported it to them as fraud.
They told me it could take five business days before they can help me.
Well they told me they couldn't help me refund my stolen money.
So i won't bank with them again or in the future.
Stand clear from them as much as you can.
Went to this bank with my mother in law to open up a safety deposit box.
We called before heading over to see if this was possible since we had no wells fargo account.
And that "i know i'm the bank manager".
She then kept interrupting my mother in law who talks very softly.
Her name was a weird one something like sharmi something.
Bottom line if your store manager is disrespectful to potential clients your staff will follow suit.
Stay away from rude people like the manager in this branch.
You and your money deserve better.
I would not recommend this chase branch to anyone.
The branch manager was very cold and unwilling to show empathy or customer service resolution issues.
A business is not supposed to be a robot.......blaming your rules on "the system" is getting old.
We recently purchased our first home with jeremy and pinnacle capital mortgage.
I am truly surprised with how simple and painless the entire process has been.
Jeremy also referred me to an amazing realtor, (tom barry with dpr) for which i am very grateful.
This is the worst credit union in town.
If you want to be treated like a criminal and not a customer then go here.
I would recommend to look for another credit union.
They act more like a bank than a credit union.
I would stay away from them.
It's cash, holy shit.
The branch managed is very friendly and helpful.
However, the tellers at this branch are super slow.
I find the staffs at hillcrest mall branch are a lot faster.
I 100% agree with the other reviewers.
Do not bank as midfirst.
Their fancy office building is paid for with your fees, your fees and more of your fees.
You will be charged a fee for not using online banking, a fee for not making any deposits, etc... etc....
They will change the rules of "free" checking after you open your account and pretend this is your problem.
The website never works.
And after hours, no one to call.
Well, the reason i'm on the website is because the branch is closed!!
Must get my money out of here.
Wait times are not very long, staff is very friendly and helpful.
I've always walked right in and completed my transaction with in just a few minutes.
I've been a member of heartland credit union for about 34 years.
Service with a smile has always been the case, and i'm never just a customer.
If your money is in a bank, you're really missing out on the credit union membership experience.
This is mostly for the company not so much the branch, although the branch layout is a very bad layout.
To charge $8 to cash a check is ridiculous.
I'm in the market for a new bank as mine sucks also, won't be you!!
I'll just keep searching for a bank that isn't a bunch of crooks
Daysi provided excellent costumer service!
She gave me a good price for the vehicle i have thank you daysi!
Would recommend her to anyone.
Oscar the main manager is a pos who is incredibly rude and disrespectful.
No wonder their ratings are so bad.
Amazing service, this is a fine example of costumer service.
Location is easy to find.
I went to buy euro and gbp.
I have called many places at downtown and their prices were the lowest.
They gave me mixed bills.
Be sure to call different places and go to the best price one.
Don't waste your time with these mullets.
Arrogant and misinformed at the same time.
Four auto loans, no birth date issues?
A simple saving account and flounders has an epic failure!!!
Insisted on, get this a, a current, less than 30 day old post office letter.
I said like what?
A dmv or auto license letter, or a letter for a doctor less than 30 days old, huh??
Who hears from the dmv or who buys an auto license but once a year?
Flounder's appears to be bank quackery at its best!!
This use to be my most favorite financial institution.
The service was outstanding, i felt like a vip when coming through the door.
At this point they should pack up and shut down :(  where do i start?
I asked a rep in the bank when it would be fixed?
She said i could drive to another location which is 15 miles away to do a drive through atm transactions.
Please if you are considering joining this institution.. "don't" or do, but you have been warned.
We've been extremely happy with the service at this branch.
He is a huge asset to the company and really cares about his clients.
We appreciate the entire team at the goodyear branch and would highly recommend to anyone!
Our refinance was quick, convenient, and got us exactly what we wanted.
Jeremy and team did an exceptional job in helping us to navigate this process.
His response time and commitment were exceptional.
Nice location, convenient hours, friendly staff - glad i made the switch to chase before moving west.
I opened my chase bank account at this location because it was close.
When i opened my account, my banker was friendly and gave me all the information i needed.
They're quick and friendly compared to other banks i've been to.
This branch was my home branch when i lived in shadyside.
Extremely disappointed in the horrible service we received with the branch home mortgage officer gyorgia.
Always saying things were "perfection" and moving in the right direction but so much was missed!!
Find a different officer
We just moved into our new place!
Jeremy schachter and his team at pinnacle on 7th were fantastic!
It was awesome to work with them.
I would recommend jeremy and pinnacle to anyone!
This particular bank is extremely friendly!
She didn't just say "have a great day," she enthusiastically said "thank you for banking with us today!"
I was smiling when i left.
Jeremy has been my go-to mortgage broker for 9 years.
You won't get that anywhere else!
He is extremely knowledgeable and makes what can be a complicated, painful, and confusing process easy.
I highly recommend jeremy and pinnacle if you are buying a new home or refi'ing and want the best.
He will take care of you from start to finish.
2 stars  the rating is for the mortgage department because of a call i recently received to refinance.
Me - oh yea?
How much will this cost me?
Do i sound dumb enough to do that?
I just feel bad for the ones that actually took that deal.
This is a very well managed bank branch.
Basically, situation #1 involved a very dissatisfied customer arguing over $1.92 on a credit card she never used.
Grade a+ on this branch for handling this unruly customer and her attitude.
The 1950's called, they want their attitude back, lady.
Basically, situation #2 involved the teller machines *constantly* being empty or whatever.
Service trucks working double time here.
Grade a+ on this branch for handling the flow of money evenly and carefully.
Basically, situation #3 involved ... well... me.
Well then, don't go here, they don't have a notary or at least that's what they told us
I have had my mortgage with them a few months and so far it has been great.
While there is a drive-thru, the lobby doesn't seem to be busy at all.
Will certainly be back upon returning in 2016.
Trying to cash our own wells fargo check at this branch was too much work.
Even after being told we do not have our debit card he wanted our pin which we do not know.
Then he wanted us tell him the number of the last check we wrote.
What a hassle getting online to check the account.
Too much to cash our own check or get cash out of our account.
This is on the se corner of 28th drive and peoria, next to the bk.
They have 2 atms near the front and 2 drive thru atms (same side as the burger king).
This is a decent bank, maybe one of the better ones.
But boa sucks as a company.
Why is there a service charge, most places don't charge a service charge.
Their rates were not that great compared to places around them.
As someone else posted the manager tammy was so rude and got mad when i asked her a question.
Working with zac and his team was a great experience.
Now days how often do you actually have to walk into a bank?
I don't do it that often personally.
There's a tv inset into the wall, tuned into a 24/hr news station.
Below that are 4 rows of back-lit shelving that go across the wall to hold magazines and newspapers.
Everyone in line was watching it.
No deep sighs at the wait.
No frustrated looking at the watch every 2 minutes.
Hmm... maybe that was money well spent?
Great benefits and customer service.
Diandra perone was fantastic at helping me change my name while the personal bankers were busy!
Thanks so much diandra you rock!
Atms never work correctly.
Atms never work correctly.
Fix your stupid atms!!!!!!!!!
They are horrible and the reason why i am leaving this joke bank.
Don't ever walk in to meet with somebody.
The front service man is unknowledgeable.
Now i'm faced sitting at b of a for an hour, i have other stuff to do.
Wells fargo demonstrates once again that customer service is a completely foreign concept to them.
Long lines and very indifferent service once you finally make it to the front of the line.
Don't  know why i'm still a customer here.
I came to wells fargo with my dad to address two issues.
Our total time there: 1 hour.
We sat down and explained our issue...  a minute later, solution in progress!
He was lightning fast in running numbers, trying to find the best outcome for my dad.
An hour and a half later we walked back into the bank and signed some papers.
Sean made it seem so easy.
Sean literally improved the quality of my dad's life with his resolution!
Too many businesses ignore the importance of customer service.
Not this wells fargo branch.
They treated us like friends helping friends.
Dad happy = sharon happy!
I was with lynn for two years, and it was the most aggravating experience.
I visited her office once because she said she had some important information?
Which turned out to be more advertisement.
In and out in less than three minutes.
I went to exchange about us$750 to canadian dollars.
Xe.com had listed the exchange rate to be so that i will get about c$1015 back.
When all was said and done my 750 became about $1000 even in canadian.
The attendant had already taken any fees out of the money that i received.
She was very nice and smiled, and counted the money in front of me.
All the bills i received were in 20s and 50s, and appeared to be in good condition.
I was really impressed, since i had never exchanged money before.
All in all, great rate, fast, and pleasant service.
I'd definitely come here again.
Our account person apologized several times.
It would have been nice for the manager to apologize as well, but everything was fine.
I've been out with friends with plenty of money and when the checks due, of course my card won't work.
It's a nightmare banking here.
Expect to pay a lot of fees and have a lot of embarrassment banking with these guys.
Oh yeah, i forgot to add that their website is a piece of garbage too.
So a long 30 minute waiting calling their number for help to get back into your account.
I use other banks and have no problems ever.
I am 100% happy with bank of america service.
I am absolutely pleased at their genuine and outstandingly personal customer service.
The staff are helpfull, friendly, and professional, thanks for all that you do.
If here is something it's ridiculous to find.
Then i went online and still nothing.
Or ridiculous to find.
I was mildly irritated about that but no biggie.
I have been mailing my payments in every month on time no debate.
Well i get a call from them stating that my payment is late.
When i tell the lady i sent my payment she must have looked harder and, viola, there's my payment.
I'm sorry we just got it today so it's 11days late.
There's a late fee."
Are sure it's late because you weren't sure it was even there.
Her response was not budging on the late fee because "we can't control the post office".
Neither can i, lady.
Are you kidding me?
Then she asks if i'd like to open a savings account.
I'm out of here asap.
If you can't waive a simple late fee for a paper shuffle up on your end.
I probably won't trust you with any more of my money.
You should also seriously update your online services.
He was extremely knowledgeable, prompt, precise, and communicated with me every step of the way.
The process was made so smooth and painless and for that i am truly grateful i found them.
I would recommend them to anyone and can't wait to get to work with them again!
This is honestly such a terrible experience.
I have been waiting for 2 hours just to get my card.
They said it would be done in 5-10 minutes an hour ago.
Meanwhile they are sitting eating pizza behind the counter disregarding all the customers that are waiting for assistance.
The employees are very rude and condescending as well.
Here is a photo of them eating pizza as well.
The banker and 2 supervisors are rude do not know how they work with the public!!!!!!!!!!!
They are always super nice here.
Whenever there has been an issue, it has been quickly and professionally resolved to my satisfaction.
Best bank of america in vegas!
Ill never go to another location if i can help it!
Also love the atm deposit function!
Ridiculously slow, seemed understaffed.
One of the best decisions i've made switching to wells fargo bank.
They make everything so simple and efficient.
The employees are so help, polite and always have a smile on their face.
The only negative would be "my card never works to open the outside atm door after hours."
I come to this branch often because i work in the area.
I normally just stop in the drive thru tellers, but on occasion i have to venture inside.
I never leave without what i need or an answer to any questions i may have.
2 extremely rude women just "helped" me...sort of.
Glad i can vent on yelp.
If you want very slow service and poor customer service then come to this location!
I drive an extra 15 min to go to this branch.
I have one right in my town and will go to this branch.
They go out of their way to help you and are very friendly.
They don't rush you even when there is a line.
This branch should be a training branch for other b of a employees.
This place is a real mess.
All we needed to do was add a signer to an existing business account.
The process was onerous enough already, having to have all current and new signers show up at the same time.
Then they wanted another document which simply does not exist, period.
While trying to figure that out, they put a block on deposits, so we can't even deposit a check now.
Aside from this, the web site is kind of bad, and the app is simply awful.
You can't save the account id, and have to look it up every time.
So managing the account is already kind of frustrating.
The only reason for two stars and not one is that the employees have always been really pleasant and friendly.
We came in at 130 they close at 2 on saturday.
We were told 13 people were ahead of us.
There was only five, and a couple of them looked like they were together.
We were told the wait time was going to be two hours.
It couldn't possible take two hours to process the people that were waiting.
Apparently she was right.
They only had one guy working with people, even though there was four tellers, and he was so slow.
This guy spent 35 minutes on a couple.
When we left he was still dealing with them.
This beach needs to better prepare for the weekend and have more staff or cross train the tellers.
My fianc went in with his card, which is under his dad's name.
His dad is his payee for his ssi.
The teller took his card away from him because it was under another name.
I called the branch and the idiot on the other end said he couldn't tell give me 'any information.'
It's a week and a half before christmas and he doesn't have a bank card to buy gifts!
His mother also called and the idiot got an attitude with her, too.
They will all be switching banks.
Conveniently located inside safeway grocery store.
Always fast and friendly staff, easy to get in and out.
Has atm available with safeways hours.
Very pleased with us bank.
Jeremy and his team were outstanding.
It could not have gone smoother.
We were purchasing from out of state, but it felt like they were right down the street.
Their updates were timely and everyone knew what needed to be done.
When we found out we could close sooner, the team went into an even higher gear and made it happen.
We started out with a different lender, but after one conversation we knew that it was not a good fit.
That's when we found jeremy and his team.
We are so glad we made the move and we would recommend them to anyone!
Our real estate agent was equally impressed and said she would also use them in the future.
Today i had a harrowing experience.
I don't think i would wish this type of horror on anyone.
Well, i can think of maybe one or two people....
Well, i knew i didn't change the password so i immediately called the number provided.
There was a 15 minute wait time.
I stopped the car.
I looked at the e-mails while i was on hold.
All this while i am on hold with the bank.
My name is jodie rocco and my social is blah blah.
She told me to stay on the line and start providing information.
The closest wf i could find was flamingo/sandhill.
I was still on the phone with britney who told me not to hang up when i walked in.
I went to the first banker, fabiola ramirez, and said please help me.
Someone is transferring the contents of my bank account to unauthorized recipients as we speak.
She motioned for me to sit down.
I gave her my drivers license and bank card and my phone.
She calmly started her conversation with britney.
I had caught this breach in progress and it was scary.
An hour and a half later everything was rectified.
New account, new login, new password, new security on my account.
And most importantly, all my money was immediately returned to my account.
#life with me.... ; )
I'm totally agreed with one of the reviews here.
They always will denied any claim no matter what.
Don't waste your money and time!
I been with ing direct for over 10 years!
I must say that i am really impressed with what they offer in terms of services and interest rates!
All the money transfers in and out of my bank account always in a prompt manners  interest rate.. sweet!
Tax saving account is at 3% with no commitment/minimum!
I love their website design and their sense of humour!
I never ever talk to anyone in person because i never have any problems with them at all!
One draws back is you have to have another account in a full service bank!
Consistent great customer service.
Front end staff are cordial at the very least.
Physical location is a bit of a drive for us.
Hence only 4 star.
However, they offer other conveniences that other banks or cu we used to do business with.
Fees are also minimal in contrast to the other financial institutions we used to bank with.
We like it here!
First national bank committed error after error and held up our closing 3 days past the original, scheduled date.
Throughout the loan application and closing, there were 2 employees that quit, which left gaps in the documentation process.
Save yourself the headache and stress of working with anthony kesslak and aaron miller at first national bank.
I've been to worse banks/locations, and i've been to better.
Still, every time, i get the same "would you like to open an account?"
When i come in to cash a paycheck drawn on their bank.
Same idea, sure, but that's the difference between good service and average.
Dan ly is amazing!
Always smiling, quick and efficient!
Always makes my visit a pleasant one!
Just opened up  3 accounts at this branch.
Sold a house and recently moved.
I deposited a refund check from my mortgage company (which got mail forwarded to me)...
I got a letter assessing me a $12 fee for the stopped check.
A few days later i got letter saying they are closing all my accounts.
I tried to explain what had happened to someone at the local branch.
Turns out the branch manager who is never there doesn't have the power to fix this.
It goes to the district manager who needed a "note" from my mortgage company explaining the situation.
But a customer should never have to fight to be a customer.
After all that fuss and effort i gave up and moved to boa.
They seems to be better so far.
Also the bulletproof glass doesn't make me feel better.
I am a customer and will be unprotected if something were to happen.
Wells fargo seems to value their money over their customer's lives.
At least that's how i feel about the setup.
The location is what makes it horrible!
Vagrants outside sleep, and asking for change.
Not to mention the multiple project buildings in the area that makes the neighborhood crime infested.
Can't bring my firearm inside a bank, that's not a smart thing to do.
(wish i could though) this location needs a security guard outside, not just when it's dark outside, i'm talking period.
Again, very professional people working here.
I'm giving 2 stars because of what i stated in the beginning of this review, not because of the service.
I recently moved here from the midwest and my former bank has no branches in az.
I have had several accounts with the "big banks" and decided to try a regional bank.
I was treated very nicely by all associates at this branch.
Signed all the paperwork and made a small deposit to get the account rolling.
It turns out that there was a very important piece of information that was not explained.
When they are flinging paperwork at you for your signature it is difficult to read everything.
A good banker will share all the major rules as he/she is handing over the documents.
This was never conveyed to either my husband or i at the time we signed the documents.
I have not yet checked all the paperwork to see if this was stated anywhere.
I made a very large deposit into my checking account when i closed on my house.
They suggested i write a check or have the funds withdrawn using the routing and account number.
If i had known this, i never would have opened this account.
So.... please be advised of this rule and the fact that this restriction is for one year.
I have already made most of my large purchases.
It's the principle here people.
Just commenting on service but they are quick and your always in and out quickly....very important these days.
There is only one person working between the hours of 4pm-5pm.
I have my safe deposit box here, although setting it up took over an hour.
They have plenty of people working inside this bank, and that is very rare for a bank these days.
This bank has always been well staffed when i go there and that is a big deal.
They have the small size safe deposit boxes and those are hard to come by.
Most branches have a waiting list, and tons of the massive boxes available.
The management in this office just helped me make up my mind about moving to chase.
This is a td facility yes but it does not have any tellers there.
If you're looking for us dollars you can't get it from the employees here since the employees are only advisors.
The hours are also later like some td branches, up to 8pm on weekdays.
This was the first wells fargo bank at which i did business when i moved to nevada.
At that time, it was the branch most west and was the most convenient.
That's no longer the case and i rarely go here.
Sahara and rainbow is a busy intersection.
I can't really say what it's like to go inside anymore because i haven't done that.
This branch merits an ok and nothing more.
My money isn't in there?
Teach your bankers to not make the customer feel uncomfortable about the money they earned, ever.
I went there recently to cash my paycheck.
Inquired about opening an account.
It was just a very douchey experience.
They told me i owed them money.
Come to find out i don't.
I didn't appreciate being humiliated like that.
Glad i didn't open an account with them.
I contacted pinnacle mortage based off their yelp reviews and they deserve all the praise.
I worked with zac and he was extremely helpful from day one.
I never felt intimidated during the mortgage process and he was always willing to help and give extra information.
He worked well with me and was accommodating to the unique situation i was in.
If i could give them more than 5 stars i most certainly would.
The loan process was extremely quick and zac did everything he could to make sure we closed in time.
If you're looking for a place to get a mortgage definitely check them out!
This is a horrible predatory bank company, which primarily markets itself to people with less than perfect credit.
In my opinion this is intentional.
Their personnel and branch level management don't stay very long and this high turnover level can be a problem.
Their knowledge of bank policy tends to be very sketchy.
They also tend to be very young and less than business-like and professional in their handling of customers and procedures.
I do not recommend them to anyone.
Find a solid reputable bank for this can have a very negative impact on your financial condition.
The staff at the stephanie location are some of the nicest people you will ever met.
They have tellers that speak fluent spanish too!
This is the worse bank of america...
Starting with the manager...
I am normally an boa advocate...
I had fraud on my account and only need a replacement card.
I arrived around 2ish...
Her banks only work off appointment and i can make appointment but maybe tomorrow..
I like no one can help today and it this early...
I was the only one seating there and no one help me until i felt...
Opened my first pnc account here.
Staff is very helpful, and pnc atms are everywhere- a win-win.
Bad service don't go to this location if your time is important to you!
Completely disappointed that getting the clover adapter for my business account did not work on my phones.
So again cancelled the account with the aid of banker.
We love  our bank!
They are always ready to help if an issue arises and we have so many options to get assistance.
There are many nationwide locations  a great benefits.
They closed my son's account due to inactivity and stole everything he had.
Small children don't have much activity because they are kids.
I recomend that everyone close their accounts before they bleed you dry.
I had issues wi th them charging excessive fees over and over again for something we had previously discussed.
I visited this branch at the first bank yelp event!
The branch in itself is quite different with no tellers and only advisers.
The staff was very friendly and bank manager andrew was just awesome!
They also take coins.
They do all the work for me and i just go and sign the paperwork...
Went into this branch recently because i needed to talk to a personal banker about direct deposit.
They have no sign in sheet and people are waiting around everywhere.
No organization what so ever.
Smallest bank i've ever seen as well.
After actually waiting for about 10 minutes.
I had to leave.
Unbelievable   will never be back
Cindy helped me with some questions i had about getting alone.
She was amazing and super helpful!
I will definitely return for her help again!
Ridiculous zero customer service.
Gosh i love this bank.
Today i stopped in to get approved for a vehicle loan and kirsty took care of me.
Extremely knowledgable and friendly.
She explained everything in detail and covered all my options.
So refreshing dealing with a bank with your best interest in mind that looks out for you.
Thank you navy federal & kirsty :)
Customer service doesn't seem to be at the top of the list for chase.
So loudly in fact that we could hear them across the building.
Chase is just really disappointing with customer service.
If already didn't have a bank i would move.
My experience for notary services was unbelievable.
I popped in the other day per recommendation of a neighbor.
I had heard notary services were available to non-members.
(the nearest location of my bank is aaaaallll the way in peoria.
When i opened the doors i initially thought i was in the wrong place.
It felt like an architect design studio.
But no, the smiling receptionist assured me i was, indeed, in a bank.
She also confirmed notary services were available and waved me over to the teller area.
I still had a feeling of disbelief that i was in a bank when i walked over.
A) everyone seemed to be having an incredibly good time.
(it was the middle of the day and i felt like it was happy hour.)
B) i was greeted like the second coming of a vip.
(mean while i was slumming it in a pair of shorts.)
C) the interior of this place only got better.
D) everyone that works there is movie star beautiful.
(not that this is relevant to customer service.
I was directed to sit in the couch area to wait for the notary.
I snapped a few photos but really did not do justice to capture the beauty of the space.
If i could live in the space, well, yes, that would be nice.
He's possibly the nicest person.
It's very difficult to write words to describe a customer experience that goes above and beyond...anything.
I don't even have the papers that were notarized (is that even a word?)
To pull up his name.
But i could share the stories we traded.
(but i won't - they're mine!
:)   i didn't want to leave.
And then i was a bit stunned that the notary service was free of charge.
Such a great bank.
I like this place and i'm going to stay for a long time.
Hope more people join.
I have a loan and two business accounts with this place.
Asu students get free checking accounts.
Besides that there are many different account types, personal and business, to fit your custom needs.
The branch manager,  michael, goes above and beyond for his clients.
The tellers and personal bankers are all really nice and helpful.
The bank inside and out is beautiful.
Feels like a high scale hotel and not your run of the mill bank, very high quality.
Even though it's a nice looking bank i stay because of the service.
Top notch in every sense of the word.
I've had bank accounts at several different banks and this is by far the best.
They do things the right way.
I always get fast immediate service and all the staff remember you.
You're not just a number.
I like the fact that they're open 7 days a week and from 7am-7pm (sat and sun are shorter hours).
I also like that they're privately owned.
Maybe the reason for their differences from other banks.
I have been to this us bank several times since i moved here in december.
I have always had a good experience and have been helped each time.
They answered all my questions about the credit card and explained perfectly how it worked.
Really swell guys and gals there!
The wf branch on flamingo and ft. apache is too crowded and not enough bank tellers.
I prefer going to this one.
Annie vuong is my personal banker and she's always helpful when i want to inquire about anything.
It's somewhat fast and efficient with bank teller services.
I have to say the most quickest branch is sahara and rainbow.
When i want to deposit, i try later in the afternoon.
Lunch time and morning seems crowded.
I never go into the branch i only use the atm.
I live a mile away.
I don't know why i don't use the branch.
I used to go to the one on chandler boulevard in the fry's grocery store before they shut it down.
Now i use the branch on 48th and ray road.
That's funny i don't use the branch thats close to my house.
I must have had a bad experience and have blocked the memory.
Don't bank here but always use their atm machines and cash checks here.
Drive thru atm and teller services.
Walk up atm also.
Have never had an issue with them.
Very convenient for me and it gets the job done.
Jeremy and the team at pinnacle mortgage were amazing.
Every question was answered within an hour.
Every issue was cleared up with minimal stress or distraction to me.
The knowledge,  service and abilities of jeremy and the team are unparalleled.
First, this is the only location that is open one hour later than all the others.
My appreciation for that additional hour, is beyond words!
I had a bit of trouble regarding an appointment that was set my an associate here.
I did not receive a confirmation.
My appointment was set for first thing in the morning on a monday.
My only choice was to show up at the assigned time.
Unfortunately, this location is quite far from where i live.
I was definitely frustrated to find my appointment was not set at the given time.
Luckily rebecca was taking care of me.
She gave me a call shortly after to reschedule my appointment for later that day.
As much as it was inconvenient i made another trip back.
Upon arriving the person i was meeting with was an additional hour late!
Sometimes you have to swallow the things that are out of your control.
Rebecca went out of her way to make sure my experience was pleasant.
She turned a bad day upside down.
She made everything worth it in the end!
They charge high fees and keep you waiting forever.
I use to rely on my neighborhood bank, but no more.
The worst customer service.
Fake friendly tellers who don't want to do their f'in job.
I'll take my business elsewhere... you should too.
One teller.... that's it,  just one.
A line and i'm needing to get back to work.
As much as banks make, can they not afford to have more tellers??
My question is why don't they have more tellers.
I love truwest credit union.
Joined many years ago when it was still the motorola credit union.
The staff is very friendly (almost like family or friends).
All of our accounts are now with truwest.
Stellar service, employees are very friendly specially ryan he is my favorite.
Maybe adding home mortgage consultants to your branches would be helpful
I rarely actually go to a bank.
Crazy i know but i am one of those  people who never carries cash.
They have two which is ideal and less of a wait.
Quick and easy transaction.
No wait and no line up.
The only branch in north america with such a set-up.
It's like the disney office of td bank.
The psychedelic bead curtain waiting area, lamps, everybody is serving you coffee, tea or water.
They don't have tellers what eliminates the "miserable person in a box" element.
Very relaxed, great team of employees!
I'm sitting here right now after getting my stuff done and i don't want to leave.
Andrew ostos, the branch manager might need to kick me out!
It's like i'm hanging with my buddies...who give great financial advice.
If boa's mission is to dissatisfy its costumers and make them wait forever, they have done a great job.
Great modern building and great waiting line
Thoroughness, professionalism and patience are the adjectives that come mind for this whole team.
I will never refer anyone to another broker and will definitely be back with all my future business.
They couldn't come in without me standing there.
Normally i like this place but now i think other wise.
I have been in uc area for 2 yrs and i think this is one of the best panda express.
The servers that i encountered were all nice and friendly!
The bankers here at midfirst bank are the nicest and are very kind and helpful here.
And they are very kind with helping you out with starting your bank account here at midfirst bank.
Since i am out of state, i had to do everything via phone and email.
Zac, jeremy, and sharon were responsive, clear, and made good on their commitments.
The best home financing experience i have ever had.
Painless refinance process that was done from initial phone call to signing papers in less than a month.
We had a difficult situation and these guys stepped up and delivered!
Can't say enough about a company that looks out for their customers!
Long story short, a teller made a mistake (understandable, this happens) that caused us some major issues.
Leadership looked at this as an opportunity to work with their team and make it right.
Bottom line, they listened and did the right thing!
We felt respected and appreciated as a customer!
Like any other chase bank, here one is.
Hands down the worst bofa location i've ever been to anywhere.
Poor customer service and poorly managed staff.
Great experience yesterday at chase.
I needed a wire transfer.
Shout out to ben!
He was so helpful and took the time to explain, since i never before had one done.
Very professional and superior customer service.
Thank you mr benjamin.
I just recently purchased a house that i fell in love with the moment i saw it.
Thanks to zac and his team tyler and sharon that made my home buying process easier than ever.
Zac has been wonderful in helping me make this a smooth and enjoyable experience.
Within 3 weeks they have made it to closing before christmas :) it was like a christmas gift for me.
Normally it takes a lot longer time to close but they make things possible for you!
:) best company and hassle free and headache free.
Isai juarez just took care of my banking needs, very pleasant experience!
Every thing was easy and he guided me through all the steps.
He also gave me advice on some future accounts i need to open!
Can somebody tell me why the chip reader doesn't work on their card readers at the teller windows?
It's the same employees every time we go in.
It's not like they change employees every week the atm does a better job outside of taking cash deposits.
I never had this issue when i went to the bank in north las vegas near nellis air force base.
Trisha ayers goes above and beyond for her customers.
Our accounts were hacked and she's spent hours with us to remedy the problem.
It's really simple here.
If your atm is out of cash at 7:45 on a friday evening you have failed and get one star.
The only ways you can not be charge is if you pay by check....like what?
Who even has checks anymore or wait for it if you go into the branch and pay!
Please get with the times, its called technology it is pretty awesome!
Its called customer service, make it easier on your customers.
One girl, lines, and the male worker sits behind his desk.
Customer service definitely not a priority.
Two atms out front accessible at all times.
It's a smaller branch.
They usually don't get a lot of foot traffic but when they suddenly do, the line can get rather long.
Everyone always told us how difficult it is buying a home.
The whole time during our home buying process, we were just waiting for problems, expecting some delay.
Jeremy and his team made the process so simple and straightforward.
I highly recommend them to anyone who will listen.
The bank's  manager  should be more considerate and have more tellers at that time.
That would show that they care about their members.
This was the second loan i closed with jeremy and his crew.
Super smooth, clean transaction.
The best in the biz as far as i am concerned.
He got my home purchase loan back in 2009, and now we are closing in 3 days on my refinance.
What a fantastic team.
Jeremy, sharon and marcea were all sensational.
Their penchant for details is their key to success.
Oh, by the way did i mention their fantastic customer-oriented service.
If i could throw in another five stars on top of the five i have already given them, i would.
Great job you guys!
Tim and henry s.
I recently opened a business account with m and i bank and i am so happy!
There you don't have a personal banker, you're lucky to get a call back.
However, at m and i bank, they take your relationship with them seriously.
You have your own personal banker who helps you with anything you need.
And the tellers are awesome, friendly, and helpful.
They even called me by name!
If you're not happy with your current banking situation, i highly recommend m and i bank!
It's 6:01 and i'm banging on the door begging to let me in and they won't help me.
Nor will they look at me they make the security guard do it.
Little did they know....
Good auto loan rates  quick service.
Good auto loan rates
Almost as good as the va. :) needs new management with a better understanding of user experience and customer flow.
As a long time bank of america customer :  i.
Chase is everything b of a isn't.
Chase doesn't even ask for one, they do it for you!
They also have a drive-through (unlike ba) and much longer hours.
I had been with b of a for 20+years  and never realized how bad they sucked.
I like that they specialize in assisting military personnel & their families with banking needs.
The people who work here are very helpful, knowledgeable & friendly.
This location does not stock the president series of the 1 dollar coin
I recently vacationed in costa rica and had leftover money to change back into canadian dollars.
I was also preparing for a trip to thailand and indonesia, and converted money.
They were very helpful and i found the fee to be minimal compared to other places.
If you get the call center i can only hope you get connected with the people in saskachewan or georgia.
The people on the call center in montreal are rude and unhelpful!
This place is the best!!
They have better rates than the big banks and they are always friendly and helpful down there.
Also, they don't gouge you with fees like the big banks.
They have no atm withdrawal fees at any credit union atm.
Why do  you still do your banking at chase, bank of america, us bank, or any other large bank again???
Was an excellent customer, luved the bank.
The manager in sq hill, horrible lady, did everything in her power to make  my experience  terrible.
I just refinanced my auto loan with america first.
I'm happy with the service, location, hours and accessibility of this company and employees.
The absolute worst banking experience in my life!
Sadly, they have the right concept, but unfortunately they do not live up to it in their daily business practices.
I love wells fargo!
This one is a nice, clean facility with friendly tellers.
If you're in chandler definitely give this bank a shot!
Over a month or so ago, i was in the beginning stages of looking into buying a car.
I was extremely thankful for kevin for taking the time to answer my questions and for educating me.
He was extremely understanding and never once made me feel as if i was inconveniencing him.
I thanked him very much and i would like to recognize him on this review as well.
During this time, i also had a conversation with kathleen.
Thankfully, (1 month later) i accidently kept her contact information.
I called kathleen who immediately her call and put me at ease.
I am truly thankful for the work these individuals do, day in and day out.
I use this bank often to make deposits for the bossman, and only through the drive-thru.
The tellers are always courteous and quick.
Nothin' to complain about!
No regards for their costumes, pathetic excuse for a bank.
I think its time to close out my accounts.
The telephone and online service sucks also
We then paid this truck off and cancelled the automatic payment in october.
Four months later they decide to take out the payment and send it to valley.
We don't even own the truck anymore.
So we call up pnc and they are telling us they can not stop the payment becuase it is "pending".
It is year 2017 how can they not stop the payment?
Technically this is stolen money.
Me nor my husband did not authorize this charge at all.
They did this on their own.
But then why am i held accountable for their error.
Someone at pnc made a mistake..mind you four months later.
And i have to wait to get my $300 back.
So they are holding mine and my husband's money interest free.
I am not a statisfied customer of pnc at all.
Once this is settled i will be looking into switching banks.
Checked in at 1:05 on a saturday.
45 minutes later still waiting.
Do not know if he was serious or not.
No one else has spoken to us.
Very disappointing experience for an institution with a reputable name.
I hate the fact that i have to come here since it's close to my job!
Slow is an understatement!
I've been in line for 25 min as i write.
If you are in a rush or even want service avoid this bank
Been banking with third fed.
For 35 years and will continue to do so.
I do miss the olmsted falls branch because the n.o.
Location is often inconvenient.
I've always had to wait in super long gone lines at this place and the customer service isn't the best.
Every now and again you'll get one employee that will be nice, but that's few and far between.
If you have plans after the bank make sure you at least have 45 minutes to spare.
This chase bank is very friendly and fast compared to most around here.
The lines are much smaller than the one at decatur and sahara, and they also have extra drive up lanes.
0 stars if i could horrible customer service.
Rude need a lesson on how to speak to people.
I used yelp to help me find a good mortgage broker.
The reviews were very good for pinnacle capital mortgage corp on 7th.
I followed the reviews and very glad i did.
Jeremy and zac at pinnacle mortgage were very pleasant, helpful and informative.
I only had to go to the office once, because i didn't have a fax machine.
Both were very prompt and good about answering the questions i had.
The process is easy and mostly done on line.
I had a pre-approval letter in less than a week.
I got frequent updates via e-mail to keep me updated on the process.
I highly recommend pinnacle capital mortgage on 7th.
Ave, if you are looking for a mortgage loan.
Jeremy even came to my signing.
That is the first time a lender has ever done that for me.
My credit score is high, my employment history very stable, and my repayment history flawless.
After re-pulling my credit, all debts in question were now proven paid.
For good measure, i had also included proof of my assets and my 2017 income.
Answer from the underwriter, "denied" because i didn't provide my actual 2016 tax returns.
Usaa or navy federal are great if you're a veteran.
Us bank (also veteran friendly) and aloha pacific credit union i also recommend.
1 hour wait on a friday.
Teller was friendly though.
I have been a member ever since nv federal (now one nevada) changed its deposit policies.
Almost 2 years now.
I have an automatic transfer from my account to my child's account.
One day i noticed that the transfer hadn't shown up on the child's account.
The help person actually thanked me for bringing it to their attention so they could correct it immediately.
When was the last time you heard that from bofa, chase or anyother national bank?????
Pros: (1) free checking.
I mean truly free checking.
No nickle and diming you to death.
Miniscule interest (currently 0.05%) is paid on balances over $500.
(2) free atm withdrawls at cooperating member atms (3) did i mention free checking?
I'm so happy this location is open on saturdays.
I live like a minute a way from this branch which is very convenient!
They truly go above and beyond!!
Their app is so easy to use and i love all the features they have on their website!
You can also check your free credit score on their website.
I usually don't go in for a deposit transaction since i always use the atm for deposits.
Today (saturday), i decided to go in the branch to make a deposit to avoid an over draft payment.
Their were a few people in line including myself waiting for the branch to open at 9am.
Their were no signs showing the office was closed.
We were all frustrated!
About 9:30am is when he finally put a sign showing branch is closed.
Their were a few of us inline waiting for nothing for the past 30 minutes.
This is the only bad experience i've had since i've been banking with them.
Update: he last two times i've come to this location i left extremely upset.
So the first disappointment my husband and i had went to open him an account and apply for a loan.
So because we didn't check in customers who came way after we did got helped before hand.
That was the first thing.
She also stated how she didn't like working with her coworkers and she couldn't wait to retire.
So that made it awkward.
She literally yelled "you got to be kidding me!!!"
Then sighed all loudly and swiped my card.
That is beyond unprofessional.
Anyways when it came to the loan i asked if we can apply for a personal loan?
She stated no that a credit card would be easier for her to set up.
I asked how much does she think we'd be able to get?
She said due to my husband having no credit probably nothing.
I was pissed at this point.
She then quickly printed out our card and like scooted us out.
Well the teller was so rude.
He just gave us a blank stare and rolled his eyes.
He then went and whispered to his coworker something about us and they looked over and laughed.
We told him we never had issues anywhere else so why now?
He just stayed silent and processed the transition.
Have been a member of this credit union for about 5 years.
A friendly neighborhood credit union.
Not our usual location, but had to stop in here at very nearly closing time.
Greeted as we entered and the place was busy.
Still, did not have to wait and was taken care of quickly.
Probably one of the worst wellsfargos i've ever gone to.
People will block the only road leading to parking.
Only three tellers for a long line, small rundown bank needs a major remodel.
Currently have a mortgage with this lender.
They are seeking over $24,000.00 just to break my mortgage term early.
My typical experience is 3 months interest penalty which in my case would be around $6,000.00 with most lenders.
Be cautious of the fine print.
This lender really knows how to screw over its own clients.
Jeremy and his team were great to work with on our home purchase.
We shopped around and came back to his team because of the rates and responsiveness that they had.
It was a pleasure working with jermey and his team on our new home purchase.
They answered all the questions that we needed and helped us understand everything.
All the transaction went smoothly and quick.
I can't wait to do more business with them in the future.
Thanks again you guys for all the hard work you guys did!
Feel like they don't need more business.
Because chase offers good service, that's why the branch open everywhere.so disappointed.
I know thats his job but i did tell him 3 times no thanks i just need the card.
Jeremy and 76 mortgage made my goal of purchasing my home a reality.
Jeremy stayed in constant contact with me and answered any and all questions i had.
I highly recommend 76 mortgage to all first time home buyers.
They were equally as pleased and have now used 76 mortgage for their refinance.
I love my home and am very happy i chose jeremy and 76 mortgage to make it happen!
Have been banking with truwest cu since i was a kid and my dad opened my first savings account.
Their services are great and have been very helpful over the years.
Highly recommended for their savings and checking account options.
That is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard!
I cannot believe that is even a thing!
My family and i buy many of these gift cards during the holidays, but we will not be anymore!
What a bunch of crooks!
No one returns your phone calls and when they do they ask for repeat information!
Not worth the stress and time.
But, that's not why i'm giving them one star.
What makes them really stand out as a one star?
The customer service representative i spoke to tonight was entirely unhelpful when i required her services.
Therefore, i was neither making any more deposits into my pnc account nor using my pnc card.
Each day after i had irresponsibly overdrawn my account, pnc charged me a fee of $7.
Even though i was entirely unaware as i awaited their snail mail.
This was a huge disappointment but i blamed myself for the mistake in the first place.
Now all i wished to do was close out the account.
The first attempt i made was "too soon" after i had paid off the charges from overdrawing the account.
So i let the account sit for about a week.
Then i called back during their customer service representative hours to close out my account tonight.
She was very rude and did not give me any information.
When i asked her if she could note that we spoke tonight regarding my concerns, she acted defensive and rude.
Whew, it feels good to get that off my chest.
Had to stop off at the atm for some cash.
Was in and out very fast.
Working with lynn is a nightmare.
Do your self a favor and avoid her like the plague.
Very impressed with this branch location.
The assistant branch manager nicole koubek was extremely helpful in addressing my banking needs and provided awesome customer service!
I went through the drive through and was treated so horribly.
Thank you corina for helping me make that decision.
The recorded business hours state they are open until 5:30 pm.
While i tried to call the branch phone number some of the employees began to exit.
I asked if that was the known case then why didn't they adjust the recording last week.
It was clear that my predicament would not be addressed at this branch and basically 'tuff luck'.
As this was my first visit to this branch of us bank i can only express how disappointing it was.
This bank closes at 6pm!!!
Yelp is incorrect  don't waste the drive here.
You won't get in.
Also, they do not have a drive-thru!!!!
One of the best banks i've ever had the pleasure doing business with.
This branch reflects the quality of customer service that i've come to expect from this credit union.
I appreciate that it fills the gap of coverage in the southwest part of las vegas.
The drive up atms are very convenient and has given me a new appreciation for this bank.
There are two drive up atms and a teller window.
At least one atm is available 24 hours a day.
If you're looking for a credit union, try this one.
Forget the big giant banks.
They're nothing compared to this one.
I've been with america first credit union in one way or another since 1997.
We have had a lot of difficulties with banking through intouch.
We had less problems when it use to be called ensign.
I have banked with them since 2004 and closed out both of my accounts with them today.
One more thing i'll add...
So i went ahead and paid the pending charge.
So done with intouch.
Excellent sophisticated , yet personal service.
So very happy that they are serving the southern nevada community with such care.
If you miss your small credit union or bank, this credit union is the one!
When i dream of the perfect credit union this is what my dreams look like!
This branch should be a role model for all branches!
I've been a customer of bofa for more than 30 years...
It's now time to say goodbye!
I went in to get a title notarized.
She said "can i help you dummy?"
No she didn't say that but that's what i felt.
"need to get a title notarized" i said.
"do you have an appointment?"
"no ma'am, do i need one?
Still frustrated with the person she was helping she asked me to sit as she tendered to him.
I said "it's 9:18 she has 12 minutes to do a 1 minute job!"
"sorry it's just our policy" both women shared with me!
This simply isn't service but a disservice!
If we are going to bow to corporate domination  it might as well be the nicer corporation!
I shared this story with wells fargo and they laughed!
We had a really bad experience in 1993 and even filed a complaint with the arizona banking commission.
While legally, they did nothing wrong, it cost us money and in our view was very unethical and immoral.
Terry turk and todd rogers both refused to make it right.
It really boiled down to their rejecting our suggestion to make the loan go through.
Using our suggestion, the loan did go through.
We did their job for them!!!!
They didn't step up and admit they were wrong and offer to pay the extra charges.
We gave the next 30 loans to another lender ferrell beazer of at the time express one mortgage.
We were real estate investors at the time that knew what was required.
The supposed professionals did not and it cost us money.
Suggestion:  try someone else and save some money.
We thought by now for sure they would be out of business.
It's surprising they are still in business?
12/3/17 - the reply is just another example of this company-guessing instead of getting the facts.
There is a complaint on record for all to see.
I have a wild and crazy idea.
How about checking the facts before you post.
Now all can see for sure why we would never do business with your company again.
There is no "supposed" about it and no i am not a competitor.
This is my second loan with sun american mortgage, and i will use them for all my future mortgage needs.
They were professional, responsive, fair, understanding, and pleasant to work with.
I would highly recommend sun american mortage to anyone, and consider them the best in arizona.
One teller six people standing in line and 4 other employees standing around making small talk with each other.
Everyone that works here should be back up tellers..... this is ridiculous.
Shared branching goes down, only atm co-op call before you drive here.
They don't even deserve one star!!
Worst bank & customer service to deal with including their corporate office!!!
Surprised on how they are functioning, hope they go bankrupt... or customers wise up and see their evil behaviors...
This has upset me deeply over the years.
Worse yet is the stupidity displayed by the staff on these occasions.
Wouldn't it occur to them when they pull up an account that there is never any money in my checking?
Wouldn't that then prompt them to either ask or think that i would want my money in the savings account?
I sincerely hope that the management sees this and alters their programming.
Staff should not be unthinking robots, but should observe and respond to their environment.
Just opened an account today, quick and efficient service.
They were helpful and nice.
Great location, looking forward to banking with them.
I opened my accounts up in the dobson/main branch some time ago.
I have had nothing but excellent  customer service.
Truwest has so many benefits that i have started refering friends and family.
I have enjoyed the special attention and all the perks of the membership.
She took her time with me to understand my needs.
Hard to come by nowadays with the fast lives we live.
Dyrce wished me good luck.
I thank you dyrce for caring and thank you tru west for employing top noch people!!
P.s i am working on my third referral
Unfortunately, the jeep dealership we bought our suv from chose pnc for our auto loan.
Number one:  i am not randomly mailing info that if found could srsly f up my shopping game.
We finally receive our pin, then go online only to discover our account doesn't exist.
Yes, all the documents they sent us had the wrong account number.
Thank god we discovered this before mailing any payments in.
I can only imagine the complete clusterfuck it would've been getting our money back and credited to the correct account.
Yup, you can only make online payments if you open an account with them.
There's banks still pulling this shit in 2016?
Like, you better budget for two weeks before the due date.
Thanks, pnc, you're awesome.
Switching banks as of today.
This is the 3rd time i've had this issue and i'm absolutely done.
Thanks for fucking up the credit i barely even have.
I wish i wasn't a member of this credit union because they've removed the human element!
You walk into the credit union to be greeted by 2 huge atm machines.
They still have staff but they're in their offices.
After a moment, someone came out to great us.
She was pleasant enough.
She helped my friend withdraw money from the machine from his social security debit card.
The process took forever b/c there were so many additional steps (as compared to other banks we've used).
The huge machines have a screen with an interactive teller which is located in another location.
The teller was in a cubicle with a gray wall.
It was so depressing and drab.
Additionally, the two frightening large atm machines don't serve the same clientele.
One is for intouch credit union members only and the second machine serves intouch credit union members and other non-members.
For that day, we were at the machine that everyone wanted.
I felt bad for them even though it wasn't our fault.
I feel that this credit union has made a terrible mistake by removing their tellers.
I'm skeptical that they were about to go out of business!
I may switch to another bank or credit union just b/c of this change!!
This bofa can blow it out it's a$$!
Stood in line for over 30 minutes to withdraw my money.
As i type these words, there is one teller working and 15 people in line.... (think of walmart).
This truwest credit union is awesome, the workers are nice people who are always able to assist.
It is in a very convenient location too.
The atm outside though is very slow... but overall a great bank.
I have visited this wells fargo a few times and i have never had any problems here.
Case in point, when i went there today, a staff member greeted me as i entered the bank.
It was slow and so i was quickly able to deposit my cash with a friendly cashier.
Best regards, james "culinary schmooze" williams
Unbeknownst to me, pnc issues the check days before the date i set it up to be paid.
I will be closing my account today!
I have had my insurance with this company for about 23 years now.
They have always been very helpful to me in all situations.
I have my car and home.
Also my family members came here for insurance as well.
You can do everything over the phone, or by email, or even go there in person.
All requests are taken care of immediately so how can you beat it?
If you need insurance this is a very good choice.
For drive thru and in branch banking all the time!
Wish no stars was an option.
Perhaps customer service and satisfaction is not a priority here...
So basically the bank that i was hiring to protect me from fraud was fraudulently charging my account!
So i closed out all of my credit cards business account personal accounts and savings accounts with us bank
I have had to deal with this branch on a few occasions.
I must say that if this were the only branch that chase had.
I would be banking somewhere else.
He acts like the customers are an inconvenience.
So don't ask him to anything that would be part of his job.
I am pretty sure he is there for the title and the pay check.
The sad thing about it is, i will be moving closer to this location.
I am absolutely dreading having to g to this branch.
I showed up at 9:50am on a friday and found a line of 5 people in front of me.
I am still waiting in line and it has been over 15 minutes.
Please us bank do better than this
She told the male clerk that i was waiting to get some paper notarize.
He was being so rude and no customer service skills.
This is not the type of bank i want to do my banking, there are horrible and very unprofessional.
I got up and left the branch with no desire to ever do business with us bank.
Fifth third in the park road shopping center.
Easy access to a drive-up atm, but the fees!
I'm still stunned with $3 atm fees, since i'm used to being free in the uk.
Wow, this is crazy stuff!
Randy apologized for the way his staff handled.
I recently called and had a new quote done and sharon was awesome.
I apologize for my earlier comments they do care about there customers
A special thanks to all of u who signed my get well card-it meant so much to me.
Thanks again for the best service ever.
If i could give this place zero stars i would.
Went in trusting they would give me the best loan possible.
I was a young, single, female first time buyer and felt like they tried to take advantage of this.
I did research, knew the rate they we're giving me was high, and looked else where.
When i told him this, was given much lower costs.
Then lower costs again due to the "federal rate."
"i put so much time and work into this, let's close this."
All in all a bunch of crap.
I have never been treated this way by a business- horrendous!
When can we do away with banks and stupid cashiers and completely bank online?
Why do banks limit the funds that you can electronically deposit?
This bank of america is small, but convenient to my house and the customer service is always on point.
There is always an employee there to greet you at the entrance which is nice.
I mainly use the location for deposits and withdrawals, but most recently i had to make a wire transfer.
Unlike standing in the regular line i needed to see one of the personalized bankers, special.
Overall, a bank of america branch that is there to serve is customers.
Horrible customer service !
They are not here to help all they want is your money !
All i asked was if they could break a $20 bill and they very rudely said no!
You have to bank with them and pay their banking fees to make change!
Any other bank would have done it !
I was at the one in goodyear inside if walmart on estrella!
I used to love supporting accu.
First, they got rid of central points and started charging overdraft fees.
Overdraft fees are the reason i left major banks in the first place.
Then, they randomly stopped accepting my online transfers from the cash app or wells fargo pay anyone.
And no one can tell me why.
Save your time, pay the big banks even unethical as they are, they won't make your life unnecessarily difficult.
Open later than most banks which is a major perk for me.
Staff is exceptionally friendly.
The manager christian is a pleasure to deal with also.
He is professional and very helpful.
I'll be coming back to this branch for all future transactions.
The branches nearby aren't quite as impressive.
Dave and his team handled my home purchase.
They were prompt to reply to my questions.
He thoroughly explained my loan options so i could make the best decision for my situation.
His team kept me regularly updated throughout my loan process.
My closing went very smooth and the loan funded right away after i signed.
I would recommend them!
Tyler helped me when i did not know he was.i would recommend him to anyone,and take his advice
This is an very nice bank.
Located at the waterfront it is convenient to other shopping.
It is a large space has atm and drive through tellers.
It offers incentives for customer referrals and has plenty of parking.
Attractive space, ample parking and convenience make this an attractive banking location.
He really made me feel at home.
I want to commend sce for having a great branch and classy employees like phil.
Excellent service i received at this location the many times i've been here.
The staff is very friendly and helpful.
What makes pnc really stand out as a one star is their customer service.
A few weeks ago i transferred a nice chunk of money, using paypal, to a friend.
Long story short the funds were transferred out of my account twice which was not pncs fault.
None of this bothered me.
A week later the fees still hadn't been return so i emailed pnc asking about the status.
What a bunch of scumbags.
A week later, well past the two day waiting period, i emailed again.
Pnc can keep the $100 because they have lost my business.
If you do not appear to be lily white with blond hair and blue eyes, don't even bother.
If your address is a long term hotel or a trailer park (god forbid) don't even bother.
We were asked our business.
He was asked to produce his passport (since obviously he isn't an american citizen because he is brown).
Throughout she refered to him only as he as if he were not standing there next to me.
Our lease is not proof of address -apparently because it is a trailer park.
I need to be able to access our money and pay our bills.
I finally lost my temper when he was asked through me (apparently she assumed he did not speak english?)
For his passport for i.d.
Especially...him (the american indian who is far more american than she is).
We were made to feel very much like trash.
We have both worked all our lives and are now gracefully retired.
Guess that isn't good enough for u.s. bank.
Every location it doesn't matter there's only ever two tellers and 15 people in line.
People have chosen chase to be there financial institutions and like myself im over it!
Sick of waiting for a teller everywhere and at any time of day it's ......
Great experience with fairway!!
Zac and his team (martin, priscilla and sharon) we attentive, responded quickly to all my phone calls and emails.
They take the time to explain the process and any questions i had until i understood clearly.
They make you feel as a valued customer and they are working for your best interest.
They were able to close in less than 30 days with no issues or time constraints.
5 stars well earned!
If i could give no stars i would.
I was in a car accident and totaled my car.
Couldn't make the make the payment and until released.
Instead i received multiple calls asking for the payment.
Not once did they ask about my well being.
Sce stands for socalledempathy.
2 people here and 4 bankers i've been standing here waiting for nothing.
Jeremy and his team are a top-notch, well-oiled, highly polished machine.
Jeremy's number one priority is ensuring his clients are completely satisfied with their home purchase.
He is his client's biggest advocates, which is why his clients return time after time again!
Waited in line for an extended period while the one teller completed a transaction while two other employees looked on.
Many people in line behind me wait.
She then gives conflicting information to what i was told at another branch and from what is listed online.
All the time !!!!
Always available to take care of my needs no matter how big or small it would be !
I came here due to the good yelp review and their attractive buyback program.
So i came back to exchange some usd through the buyback program.
They did not take my $50 american bills without the red wave, which i got from the bank.
Note: they do not accept old bills here.
The reason for the low rating is their terrible exchange rate.
Being inexperienced i actually took their rate.
And they will write you cheque if you come before 4pm otherwise you can take cash.
Worst drive thru teller customer service i have experience of any valley mid first branch.
It usually takes 3 different teller personnel to handle my transaction damn near every time i visit this branch.
Don't expect to get in and out in less than 10 minutes every time.
If you have patience,  you won't mind visiting this branch.
Like i say every time i leave a bofa, i hope that every branch burns down to the ground.
I hope they go belly up one day.
Not this specific branch, but all of them.
But this branch does suck.
Just like all of them do.
Also, short female hispanic manager, who i know could have helped me with my issue.
I wish i had names.
I am moving to nv and my current bank has no locations in nv so i popped into us bank.
One less star for banking fees.
My current bank has free banking with no minimum balance.
Thought i stumbled onto a great new bank until i saw the fees charged for business accounts!!!
Nickel and diming ....no bueno!
Working with jeremey and his team was a great experience.
I woul highly recommend pinnacle and jeremey's team!
This bank is fucking awful.
It's 11am on a monday- business needs to happen now.
Rude and stupid tellers, who seriously, some of them look like cretins.
Not people from crete, but inbred lummoxes.
Some of them, the chicanas are not ugly.
Constant and annoying upselling despite repeated requests from me to be left alone by each of them.
Banks exist merely so i can keep a debit account for online shopping.
Who like keeps money in a bank?
Jerks like the people at this branch, that's who.
Was referred to this bank by my grandma.
I set up a new account today as well as my savings and the overall experience with her was wonderful!
She made me feel comfortable and right at home.
She also informed me of all the perks as well as how to get my $25 amazon card!!
She really took her time with setting up everything and making sure everything was done correctly.
I thought it was all amazing!
If you're thinking about banking here do it and go see beatrice!!!
You won't regret it!!
By far the best experience i've had at any bank!
I called and talked to a joseph and he was so helpful and nice.
He helped me with a fraudulent transaction with my account since i was having trouble talking to someone.
I'm so happy he was so helpful!
I love this location.
The people are courteous and friendly, and i have never had to wait in line.
To make a very, very, very long story short: i am a recent convert to wells fargo.
My thanks to tom and his staff for making what could have been a nightmare into a good experience!
I made my payments early every month with additional $ towards principle.
Realized they were double-dipping & taking auto payments 2 times per month!
Unfortunately i didn't notice for 4 months resulting in $1600 overpayment.
They refused to refund my money.
They said i had to open a credit card or checking account & they'd credit that.
Thank goodness wells fargo reversed funds & provided the refund.
Shortly thereafter truwest contacted me very rudely and said i was behind 2 payments.
They were pissed about the refund.
After 45 minutes of arguing i requested an audit of my account.
Rep said i had a problem paying bills and the audit would prove me wrong.
I guess audit proved him wrong because i never heard back from them.
I finally refinanced my loan with new company on july 11th and guess what happened on aug 1st?
They hit up my account for another payment after my new loan took over.
I didn't even bother calling them about refund.
Wells fargo is on the case.
Beware truwest thieves & crap customer service!
I love this location!
They have a drive-up with 2 lanes, outside atm and the inside is beautiful, inviting and the tellers are great!!
They recognize me even though i'm only in there once or twice a month.
The location is easy to drive into and there is always parking.
They always have cookies and coffee and occasionally someone playing the piano.
They immediately refuned me back $206.
Which helped for the time being.
I am very impressed by them and will continue with them for years to come!!!
I recommend them if you are looking to leave the big guys!!
Andy gutman is one of the top loan officers in las vegas by far !
He worked around my work schedule and ever met us on saturday !
That customer service !
He made it easy to understand the loan process !
I would , and have already recommended him to my friends !
Rms is lucky to have someone as dedicated as andy gutman !
Why oh why is this the standard at this branch.
Zero help with twenty customers waiting to be helped.
I counted 10 employees and 1 just one was at the desk helping customers.
All employees should be teller trained for the busy times to be all hands on deck.
Bofa will probably no longer be my bank if this continues.
Utilized as a shared branch i don't see any service equal to that of my original cu.
Jeremy and his team were fantastic!
I swore it was like they only worked for me.
They always were just a phone call or email away.
Jeremy was amazing at answering any and all of my million questions that came up throughout the process!
My friend advised me that i can get a chinese visa at boc, so i hit it up.
I had heard that the chinese consulate was a total zoo, even having lineups out the door, etc.
Upon entering the bank, use the touchscreen console to get a number.
If you're there for a visa, you'll be in a separate lineup.
Once you've got your number, you can sit in the comfy waiting area, instead of outside in the cold.
The reason my experience with the bank was poor was because of the awful dissemination of information.
But that's not all the bank's fault.
Some blame can be laid on the crappy websites.
Firstly, service fees are cash only.
Why, oh why, would a bank accept cash only?
Also, you have to pay up front, whereas at the consulate, you pay after you've gotten your visa.
Secondly, the staff don't speak english!
The people who are trying to get chinese visas are not chinese...we may not speak chinese.
I tried to ask if they converted currency to chinese rmb, and the guy couldn't understand my question.
I just left feeling poorly served overall.
But i'd still go there over the consulate to get a chinese visa.
Jeremy and his team made my re-fi easy.
Everything was well organized and i closed as soon as i came home to arizona.
The closing was scheduled at my office so i had minimal interruptions to my day.
Thank you jeremy and team for making this process easy so that i could concentrate on my family.
4 years ago this branch was terrific.
However, the staff changed almost overnight and so did the management.
Susan the new branch manager is friendly until you question her about something or challenge her on a bank policy.
She and her staff's favorite answer is always "no".
With the new branch manager came a security guard stationed at the front door who stares people down.
There is no reason for a guard in this neighborhood.
Chase has good online banking services, however the personal service is especially poor.
This branch with the new management is a new level of poor service.
They offer poor service with a big huge friendly smile.
The worst accountability in a financial institution ever.
They don't deserve 1 star.
In august of 2016 i made a cashiers check for proof of funds to refinance my house.
The cashiers check was made payable to myself.
The check was lost.
I started a fraud claim 3 times with 2 different managers at the paseo location.
Each time they apologized that the last manager dropped the ball and the claim was never completed.
Fast forward to this week and i've started the claim again with a new manager.
The check was made payable to myself and negotiated by another business whom banks with usbank.
Since the check was improperly endorsed it proves that the deposit was made fraudulently.
Usbank will in return have to take the $3200 loss and pay me back my funds.
But they are refusing because that specific branch also made the deposit.
Usbank is stealing my money.
Do not do business with this financial institution.
I'm tired of fighting with yelp about this location.
I mean why would you listen to a person that reports here and has reported here for work for years.
The va as we all know is a hospital system that serves our veterans.
The address is very generic.
If you still have no idea it is located on the hilltop overlooking pitt university.
The va offers an array of clinics, surgeries, and testing under one roof.
Also housed within is a patriot store for your shopping needs, this isn't your usual hospital gift shop.
Patriot cafe for your dining needs.
Va pittsburgh federal credit union for your banking needs.
Two atms, one located at the main entrance from the parking garage and one located in the patriot cafe.
Drop boxes for postal pick up.
Starbucks coffee with a small cafe setting.
Did i mention that parking is free here?
When the parking is nearing capacity that is when the valet service really ramps up their service here.
Also there is a bus stop located out front and shuttle service between facilities.
Do not use this "bank" if you're building credit.
They require hard credit pulls and new credit applications even if opening secured loans or secured credit cards.
They do soft pulls frequently but still require a new hard pull for every little thing.
It doesn't matter if you have perfect payment history.
They will never release that money without closing your credit card account and harming your credit score.
Worst "credit building" plan ever.
If you're building credit, do not use this company.
There are plenty of other institutions offering much better options.
Best banking experience i have received by-far!
Been with them for less than 3 months and their customer service has one-upped any other institution i've been with.
I was entirely caught off guard that she was so kind to offer such a kind gesture.
She said it was my first occurrence so she would take care of it as a courtesy.
I was just very impressed by the initiative she took to provide anticipated customer service.
I wasn't expecting her to waive the fees, but she kindly offered the service with a smile on her face.
Great customer service still exists in this world!
Jeremy and his team were great on our cabin refinance.
It was a simple process and went smoother than any we have done before.
The team is friendly and quick.
If i had a choice i would not rate it with a star at all.
The guy next to me did a large deposit and he was not asked for an  id .
I felt she was doing it on purpose i will never go back to this location i felt discriminated.
I hope somebody can talk to her and let her know you don't do that
Worst customer service inside and at the drive-thru!!
Mind you, i've withdrawn the same amount at this same location a couple times, and now they won't do it.
I went inside and waited 15-20mins.
I would not be coming back to this location!
I was in a bind and needed to get my diesel fixed in a hurry.
I found this place through yelp.
They offered towing and it had good reviews.
Matt knows his business and told me exactly what the issues were.
No sugar coat just an honest, accurate assessment.
He fixed my truck quickly and charged very fair rate.
Lynn and the ladies in her office go the extra mile when there is a claim or issue.
If you are looking for a more personal experience with you agent, this office is a good one.
I love this bank!
Great atm, never any problems.
And whenever i have to go inside, the customer service is outstanding.
Came in around noon and there was a very short line.
The staff was warm and friendly.
Do not go into this branch or start an service with this credit union.
I've had the worst experience i've ever had with a bank .
Nope when i walked back in the manager said there is still nothing they could do for me .
If i can give them 0 stars believe me i would .
I have been banking with federal for over 20 years.
The previous location (off westinghouse) closed and i was excited for this new location which is closer to work.
I went in to set up online banking and the lady in the office was super helpful.
Some of the tellers (this time was the drive-through) just don't seem friendly or even happy to see customers.
A smile, a "hello, how are you today?"
Or even a "thank you.
Have a nice day."
Seem to be too much effort.
During my last visit, they weren't even busy.
I understand their jobs might be stressful, but this is a customer service business.
Services/rates offered are good.
People skills are hit or miss.
The more "experienced" ladies especially could use a refresher course in customer service with a smile.
Used to be great.
Directed to a machine that can't help me.
Three guys standing behind the window screen shooting the bull.
What happened chase, you used to be cool.
I love love love america first.
Im trying to get information about my account.
And instead of directly answer my questions she gave me a sarcastic attitude.
I could pretty much hear her roll her eyes through the phone.
If you aren't ready for good customer service then this might not be the field for her.
Setup an appointment for a service need.
Employees greeted warmly and quickly took us to the specialist that was going to assist.
Specialist was efficient and friendly.
There's also atms inside and out of this branch and investment and mortgage specialists.
The drive through is not a good ideal at all.
The teller is busy and they have someone else helping me.
He has no idea what is he doing.
I love banking with u.s. bank.
This specific branch is always so helpful and they are very knowledgeable with all products.
I would highly recommend opening up accounts with this branch!
I recently purchased my first home, which was an exciting, but overwhelming process.
I would absolutely recommend working with him!
I truly feel that i'm in good hands with jeremy and the tobias team.
I don't bank with wells fargo but i do end up in this branch about once a month.
They are so nice and helpful!
We have dealt with many banks over the years but must admit that this bank is the worst.
We set up multiple accounts, a mortgage, loan, debit and credit cards.
All started out well two years ago until our checking account got hacked this past april.
We were instructed by the fraud dept.
Within 24 hours the new account was hacked!
The biggest problem was attempting to resolve the hacking with wells fargo employees.
To start with, they are all very well trained to apologize for the incident.
And we have many more hair raising encounters but not enough space to describe them all here.
We have already moved a few accounts to citibank and will be transitioning the rest by year end.
Wells fargo is in deep, deep trouble and a downward spiral.
If i could give it 1/2 star i would.
This is the worst bank to use.
The customer service is horrid and the wait time us ridiculous.
I came in yesterday had to wait 35 minutes to ask why my cd was being labeled as inactive.
It was reactivated a d i was told that i could return tomorrow to close it out.
I arrive at 11am to close and again there was a problem.
I was asked if i had an appointment.
I wasn't informed by the banker i would need an appointment.
Don't use this branch  .
I prefer credit unions over banks because the rates are better and it supports the state/community you live in.
This credit union also doesn't charge for keeping your own money in safe keeping.
Where as the larger banks have monthly fees, minimum requirements, and every other fees you can make up.
Supporting credit unions is my preference and i really like america first credit union.
This place is just weird.
No tellers, just big video boxes where you get assistance from somewhere in the cloud.
No privacy, everyone in back of you can see and hear what you are doing.
It could be worse, it could be a usbank.
Probably a good place to get a savings account for your kids, but.....nah.
This place is terrible.
As a business owner they made me wait far too long to get some service.
I had to ask for assistance and i was confirmed that i was being ignored.
Only because it was a pit stop did i actually stop here but not anymore.
This is the one and only time i will be inside this bank.
Sces systems have been down for 3 days and i cannot access my funds.
They said to call 800-866-6474 to see when it was back up.
I called and they said everything was resolved.
I take $10 uber and i get there and systems are still down.
I have to take another $10 uber home for nothing.
Systems are down and i "should of called 800-866-6474 to verify if systems are back up".
We recently closed on our new home and what a great experience it was!
Yes, there were deadlines and a lot of paperwork.
I am a 62 year old retiree.
I have been trying for 3 months to get my hard earned working salary and retirement money released.
There is something definitely wrong with their transfer department.
This is totally unacceptable.
Someone at this bank needs to look at the transfer department and fire the people who cannot do their jobs.
Folks whatever you do, do not put your money in this bank.
Started here just a few months ago and they have been disappointing me more and more.
At first they seemed very friendly and efficient, however that is not the case any more.
Don't bother with drive through either.
They will ignore you for several minutes before they pretend to notice that you "just" drove up.
An obnoxious sign asking people to take off sunglasses and hat.
The worse part though was watching the bank personnel interaction with a customer who hadn't take off his hat.
They were yelling at the poor guy.
I was at the teller and i could here them in the other office!
This is the branch that my local boa told me to go for its notary public.
Impressive modernization but lacking in comfort visually.
You hv to wait to be seen, too, even just for a teller.
The tellers are in way back around the corner so as u enter for the first time it's confusing.
All u see are glass ofc cubes n uncomfortable seating.
A dark setting with low lighting.
Then, i was asked if i had made an appointment!
Gosh, it's not like the bank was full of customers.
Then, someone told her that i was called in from my branch.
Hey, i'm not bad off but to show this mannerism it's shocking to hv to search my accounts that long.
Maybe i read the vibes wrong but that's how it all unfolded to me.
I should hv dressed in my vera wang instead of jeans.
We need a chase here.
Bet it would do so well here.
Krista dalton was so helpful and friendly!
We were in the middle of a stressful move and working with krista was a breath of fresh air.
Came to this location to be added on to an account.
We were greeted immediately by the manager.
While we waited i saw him interact with several customers.
It was so nice to be in such a relaxed, personable, yet professional environment.
This review is really about trish.
My wife and i had the pleasure of working with her, and she was very helpful.
Very friendly, knowledgeable, and made us laugh so hard my cheeks were red!
You made our visit a memorable one.
I was confused, yes, but no one deserves to be spoken to like that.
I'll have usaa take care of me and my family's needs from now on.
My loan to debt ratio is 5 times that of what i wanted to borrow for home improvement.
My house has more equity than that i asked to loan.
My fica score is 842!
Bad business or just plan stupid?
She helped us in every way she could.
She is a great access to sce.
Thank you again ludi murillo for your great help.
Was closed by pnc bank without my knowledge.
Beware of pnc bank!
I had a heloc with them for 10 years, and then when i went to refinance it, the loan dept.
3 months went by of run-arounds, then the loan was approved!
Then - "oh you need to pay, and send more paperwork" - ok - but i was oot on business.
My loan had disappeared!
Now without even the least bit of shame, they are telling me i have to start over!!!
I have an approved loan!!!
And their customer service manager - "oh i looked into it - too bad we can't help you.."  seriously?????
Assisted me in setting up at home access.
As a new account holder, i appreciated the time and thoughtfulness i was provided.
U.s. bank started charging my account an outrageous new fee and offered no explanation.
I decided to yank all my money and just be done with them.
I had been a loyal customer for over five years.
No one asked/cared why i was closing my accounts.
End result: went to a credit union and never looked back.
I won't use anyone else.
We felt no pressure.
Then once we were ready he saw to every detail and made the process very easy.
I highly recommend them.
Jeremy and his team are incredible.
The level of service was on point.
They walked me through everything always keeping in touch and never let down.
I was so nervous about buying my first house and these guys took away every fear i had.
I'd recommend them to anyone who's nervous about buying their first home.
Hands down the best bank in az.
Three reasons why i chose midfirst: 1.
I can use any atm anywhere and midfirst reimburses the fees 2.
Open 7 days a week, extended hours m-f 7am- 7pm 3.
Great customer service and a stunning banking center.
"nia and the team at the warner branch are amazing.
I have been a member with truwest a little over a year now & i love it.
Every time i go into this location it feels like home.
Nia is someone i deal with every time i visit and she makes me feel welcomed all the time.
Thank you nia & team at tuewest (warner location)  i would highly recommend !
Never have i had a better customer service experience with a financial institution.
I will be giving them all of my business based on how i was treated today.
When asked why they hadn't contacted me by telephone they indicated they could "not do that."
I'm not sure if this means they don't know how to use the phone.
I'll keep you posted...
I just found out that the money will not be refunded and so i'm closing the account.
The manager i spoke to was quite curt and i would warn others not to use this bank.
After only 3 to 4 visits to this location i was greeted by name!
Always pleasant and courteous, but never in a fake or waste of time way.
Drea and tom were great!
I have been with this credit union for 25 years.
This branch is fantastic.
I have all of my auto loans through america first credit union.
I prefer to buy low mile used vehicles from private parties and america first is always accommodating.
They know their stuff.
I highly recommend emma gonzales.
My husband was a marine, and he called and asked if that qualified him.
They said no, but let them try a few things.
Anyhow, they ended up qualifying him and settting up the account.
All we had to do was drive to the branch and get our cards (10 miles away).
So we make the trip, where we were told we don't qualify.
Way to treat the vets, navy federal.
The people working here are nice and remember you because they are attentive.
I cant say this is the best chase i have been to.
But i leave happy every time i have came in here.
This is what the experience i would expect from any bank location.
The tellers were very helpful and super nice!!
The boa in belmont could learn a lot from this location!
I said "i'm about to bring monies into this institution and you're asking me to remove clothing?"
The armed guard stated they've had "some problems."
I told him "you're causing me to have second thoughts about being here, let alone, keeping my monies here."
Finally, the banker asks me what i needed.
At this point, my answer should have been nothing, but, i told her i would like to establish an account.
And that's when i left.
I hadn't even sat down in the waiting area.
Perhaps, i should've done more research about the credit unions in my area.
Rewrite and revamp your security measures.
America first credit union will never hold my money.
I closed my accounts with bank of america years ago.
Your staff and your armed guard are costing you money.
I can't possibly be the only one.
Special shout-out to jennifer bagget, who is absolutely lovely and helpful.
Terrible service  wow how is this possible?
Who is the manager??
How can a payment made on friday delay processing until wednesday because of veterans day?
Normally i can do it on the same day.
Why the extra two days?
I recently lost my father and didn't really know where to begin with the finances he left behind.
I walked into the chase bank branch at 35th ave and peoria and met with erica yanez.
She was patient and listened to my concerns and guided me with her expertise in all of my banking needs.
She will always be my go to person throughout this journey and in the future.
Thank you so much erica yanez.
I was helped over the phone by makenna & i must say she is the sweetest most helpful employee there!!
Super fast payment process & asked if i needed anything & was just great customer service.
Do not work with this company.
My husband and i have had the displeasure of working with lynn.
We were supposed to close on the 10th of the month.
Our credit report didn't expire until the 12th of the month.
Yet she insisted she needed a new report and charged us to run it again.
Watched helplessly as i was getting email fraud alerts that someone was trying use my debit card.
Nowhere can you find on their webpage do they list the fraud hotline number.
True story...go to their webpage and try and find it....then google it to try and find it.
Melody h., in the mortgage department, was amazing!
The supervisor initially refused to alter a service.
I explained the situation and she made the magic happen.
I was very impressed with both melody and her supervisor.
Overall, in the 5 years we have had a mortgage with national bank, we did have a 5-star experience.
Melody's outstanding customer care showed me that there are still people who care in bureaucratic systems.
I really only come here to use their atm.
The couple of times we've had to go inside, it was super packed and not enough tellers.
Line moved super slow and the workers never seem to be in a rush to help you.
Worst credit union ever!
I got laid off and my checking was overdrawn for about three weeks.
That was 8/10/2018 in the morning.
I then made a .99 purchase on the late evening on 8/10/2018 and altier slapped me with another overdraft fee.
When i called i was told the money deposited in the morning would not be available till the afternoon.
I asked to speak to a supervisor and was told here wasn't one!!
I'm so disappointed with altier,  i'm not recommending anyone to do business there.
Such a shameful situation
If you plan to open an account don't believe it will take 15 minutes to be helped.
It's actually more like an hour..!
Do not ever open a business account with chase bank.
The appointments are to open new personal accounts.
They were nice enough to try to call around and find other places for me to go.
To put icing in the cake the women told me that chase bank is a federal institution.
Last time i checked they were a publicly traded company.
Not a federal institution.
You cant make this stuff up.
That was not my experience.
In the time it took to wrote this, my business account was completely emptied.
Since i would expect that same service.
Just signed up today for a savings account with america first credit union.
I have read other reviews on yelp and decided to give it a try.
I was greeted by emma ruth gonzales upon arriving.
Everything took no more than 30 minutes to complete.
I will be doing further busniess at this location.
This branch has been pretty good for the most part until recently.
I had an overdraft from amazon hitting my bank account twice.
Boy was i wrong.
The lady that picked up the phone was rude and unhelpful.
Always helped right away with super quick and helpful service.
I deal with chase bank frequently and prefer wells fargo (& specifically this location!)
I can not even give them one star !
My advice to anyone is run like hell if you ever thinking of doing any business with pnc bank !!!!.
The more i think of this bank the more upset i get.
The people i spoke to are rude short with answers.
They talk to you like you no nothing about what you are telling them.
The worse bank to go to as an real estate investor.
They treat you like garbage and they have no basis of a personal relationship with their clients.
Never been treated more worse as a client from a bank then us bank.
So, that's the customer service i got!
Clearly they don't care about their customers!!
It was a nightmare getting some loans and even a bigger headache when those loans came for renewals.
They talk, blow smoke and lie and they are no action at all!
I wish i could give them zero.
Then the customer service can't help and will ask your number for call back.
Never recieved a call and it is been more than 3 month.
Paid off my cat and never recieved the title.
There is no manager, no customer relation department no one to escalate the issue and help.
I don't even know how they run business like that.
Stay away from this credit union and i will never do business with them again
Making a deposit into my checking account.
Gave them 300 in cash and my debit card.
They asked for a photo id.
Since when do you need a photo id to deposit cash?
Anyhow, this is the second time i've been through the drive through here and it's absurdly long.
I'm sitting here now going on 15 minutes.
I'm gonna have to start avoiding this location.
Completely inconsistent services and rules.
If i could give them 0 stars i would!
Just came in trying to reopen an account and they gave me such a hard time.
I was literally treated like i didn't belong in there.
Treating people badly because of the color of their skin or the way they are dressed is not okay!!!
I literally can't believe i was treated that way.
Please work on the way you treat people!!!
No matter what they look like!
No matter how much money they have!
I'm sick and i'll never come back to this bank!
I've always had fast and friendly service here.
I'm happy to say there is never a wait.
It's typical corporate bologna, they have little say.
Overall a nice bank.
I did speak with mandi and she was incredibly helpful.
She did confirm that i was right and they had made the mistake.
So yes i did get my money back.
However, her apologizing in behalf of the rudeness and incompetence of their staff just doesn't cut it.
I did not receive a call from the glendale branch apologizing for their treatment of me.
Their staffs behavior have numerous complaints for this type of customer service.
I have heard nothing in regards to staff being retrained or fired.
As an institution that is supposed to be member owned it doesn't seem that their members are being considered.
I deserve more than a correction on paper over the phone.
But using jeremy as my broker made the experience so much better than i anticipated!
His customer service is superb and i would recommend him to everyone, he does not disappoint!
I don't think they know what they are doing over there.
I checked online and sure enough nothing was paid!
Now my credit score might get affected because these incompetent bankers.
I received a letter in the mail for promo & pre approved amount.
I called to ask about what the payment plan would be & etc.
I was transferred to a manager instead.
So instead of the associate explaining to me in laments term i get a mgr which explained how it worked.
Maybe it's time to retrain your associates unless there's a policy that only mgrs can answer simple questions.
Sean overlock/state farm has been great to work with and the experience was professional and focused on me, the customer.
I recently moved my policies (auto, home, life) from another carrier and my overall savings is approx 17%.
I also feel better with the financial stability of state farm, but most importantly, the service from sean.
Bankers pei or fernando are very gracious and helpful!
Oct 4 2018.....love them ....my dog daisy enjoys the china town location.
Year of the dog!
We are on facebook.
First off, nobody should ever go to rapid cash or any place like it.
Horrible interest rates, basically equaling a $75 interest on every $100 borrowed.
Having said that, stay away from this location!
I went to this location as it was closer to home.
I have a feeling the manager here is a horrible person.
No "hello", no "how may i help you", just nothing.
I can deal with that, i just want my money and get the hell out.
The main problem is that there is always some kind of issue.
Yet different rules than other locations)  i suggest you drive the extra 2 miles to e. flamingo location.
They are always so friendly and never any problems
The worst branch i've been in.
Horrible customer service, and always trying to sell you something.
Had an overdraft fee of $85 because of a banker error and they only gave me $17 back..
Even had a balance statement showing that i was positive.
Manager acted like she didn't care.
I thought a bank was some place where you could safely keep your money?
Not somewhere where you can give them money and they can take whatever they want from it?
I'll probably be switching banks very soon because of such service.
I and my family opened an account there and all the information they add to our profiles was wrong?!
(different branches) their attitude, the service, and their customer services are sucks.
I was at this location yesterday withdrawing funds in the drive thru.
One, they never have withdraw of deposit slips in the tubes, you always have to ask for them.
Two, juan (teller) didn't greet me in a friendly or professional manner.
Three, when i received my money it was just in the tube with my receipt no envelope.
I asked juan for an envelope.
He apologized and sent me two.
Like i was bothering.
What has happened to customer service!!?
I would highly recommend this credit union.
I own a small business and had gone to chase to open a business checking account.
I left chase bank and drove over to the intouch credit union on w. lake mead blvd.
I was immediately helped and opened a checking account for my business in about 30 minutes.
I found them to be extremely helpful and courteous.
I do whatever i can with my business at a credit union.
It's clear the bigger banks like chase couldn't care less about small business owners.
She stated it wasn't a bank error because they used the addresses i had provided.
Id that had been me i'd have sprung for two stamps to mail them to make a customer happy.
Pnc - positively no cooperation!
When i reached for the door, someone beat me to it.
An employee flung open the door and held it like a doorman.
He didn't just give me a shallow greeting the way they do at my bank of america branch.
He asked how he could help me.
I explained my situation.
With crisply professional aplomb, he directed me to a window where he proceeded to dispatch my request.
He looked to be barely in his 20s.
Glancing about the branch i didn't see any employees who appeared to be over 23.
They all seemed thrilled to have jobs.
I have just one word to describe mary vrana and her team!!
Exceptional... mary made this home loan process very smooth.
I experienced a few bumps on the way but mary always helped me sort them out in a cool manner.
Thx again mary vrana....
It's hard to argue with the full services that wells fargo provides - quite comprehensive.
One of my businesses banks here and we're always treated professionally and positively.
Sadly, each and every time i've had to deal with his staff i've been left thoroughly irritated.
And the last straw for me was when duvel himself mispronounced my first name.
:/  (uh, my name is shannon and it's a pretty easy name to pronounce.)
Maybe she's gonna cancel?
It's too bad too, because he seems like a nice guy who really knows his insurance business.
Too bad his staff doesn't seem half as capable.
I would highly recommend jeremy and his team!
They made the process of getting a home loan seamless and surprisingly easy.
I couldn't be more disappointed.
They are incompetent, liars and their customer service is awful.
I have been with w.f.
A year ago i bought a house in vegas and moved from los angeles.
They have atms everywhere so i like the idea of staying with them.
During the purchasing process, they dropped the ball at every point.
Never returned calls even when promising to get back to me by certain dates and screwed up my home ins.
I specifically told them the co.
I wanted for my home ins but they went ahead and set me up with their choice.
I then had to go the process of canceling one policy and reinstating another.
They miscalculated tax monies in my escrow account and most recently failed to pay insurance yet again.
I have spent the past three weeks trying to get my home owners ins.
Paid and keep getting the run around.
The latest was last week i was told the check was sent overnight but to allow it  48 hours.
I was given a check number and $ amount and the address it was sent to.
A week later my ins has still not been paid.
I will be changing banks, on all my accounts soon.
They suck big time and lie about it.
Been banking here since i was born - wouldn't want to switch to another.
2 atms - not very busy so rarely ever any line up.
In fact, i've never seen one.
Now mind you i all ready have homeowners insurance at $600.00 a year.
Now that $1700.00 sure sounds great, haha, but i'll stick with the one i have.
I emailed my insurance cover with all of my discounts and payments.
I don't do escrow.
Plus a few checking and savings accounts.
My pnc is in raeford,nc, it has that small town flavor and great people.
But corporate pnc is the worst to work with.
Local bank is great, corporate sucks.
We worked with jeremy and our loan process went smoothly.
He closed the loan two weeks early.
The lender fees were just as described from the beginning.
It's a bank... you either hate it or love it.
Told him no and he just kept yapping....  its a nice bank... and a convenient location so i'll go back.
Got my bill today and my rate had increased without warning.
Sorry that did not make me feel better.
I will find a new agent since they don't give a s*** about my business
The people working here are so nice and so informative!
They walk you through every step of your loan!
When in a pinch for extra cash this is the best choice.
6 payments and you are done!
No hassle to go into office to pay interest its all automatic!
Some of the rc locations are not as helpful or nice!
Will continue to use this location when needed.
I personally don't recommend going on this location.
I used to love this branch when ms desantis was the manager.
She was the best.
The manager now is awful.
She has zero personality, no sense of customer service/relations.
When she tells a customer she will follow up, she needs to make sure she does.
It is not enough to say "oh, jeffrey didnt call you?"
I love coming to this chase because everyone is so welcoming and friendly.
Ahmed goes above and beyond to help and take care of what you need.
And he always seems so happy and chipper.
Is this a bank?
Or is it caf?
The answer is that it is both!
(i think this offer ends end march, usually you get $25 for referrals.)
It's not a traditional bank so they don't take cash deposits, and everything was done on an ipad.
Message me if you have any questions!
Zac was fast, efficient, and easy to work with.
The entire re-fi process always seems like a ton of work- but honestly not at all!!!
I really enjoyed working with his team and i would highly recommend them to all my family and friends!
Everything went smoothly and there were no surprises!
We can't say enough about jeremy's attention to detail, quick and clear communication and knowledge of his craft!
During our first conversation he went over our credit and available products.
We met with him again when we were ready to buy and closed on our property within 3 weeks.
Thank you jeremy and team, we will be sending friends and family your way as needs come up!
I have 2 auto loans with them, got really good rates.
I got pre approved online and transactions were swift in the physical branch.
We were helped right away at this durango branch.
Next is my mortgage refinancing.
I'll update once that was completed.
Honestly i don't know where to start!!!
Do not put your money in this bank!
We have money in this bank and they will not release the funds!
The bank account with the funds were in my husbands and my father in laws name.
My father in law passed away and the bank froze the account.
So the proses has to start all over again!
So we wait and get a letter saying they can't release our money because now they want something else!
After all it's your money not bank nationals!!
I am done with them.
I am so done with the nbc.
They are a pain in the a**.
First, the maximum withdraw limit at the atm, daily, is 500$.
And they cannot do anything for you on this.
No matter if you are a client for 10 years.
No matter if you never had a freaking bounced cheque in your life...
I needed to pay my damage deposit of 850$ in cash.
Couldn't get the money that is in my bank account.
All of this is to "protect me" from id theft.
In fact, it is to protect them from having to pay too much money, should my pin be stolen.
So i had to withdraw money from my credit card in order to withdraw the 350$ out.
Obviously, they charged me another 2-3$ to withdraw money from the atm.
And couldn't do anything to refund the 2-3$, you know.
You shouldn't bank with another bank.
Also, they freeze anything above 200$ for 7 business days if you deposit money or a check at the atm.
And there is nothing they can do to unfreeze it.
Again, no matter if you are a good client, anything.
Here are the rules, we are dumb, we just follow them.
Once, i wrote myself a check to transfer money to my nbc account.
What are they doing with the money?
Their policies are just so strict.
They won't give you anything.
They were the first one to charge you 2$/month if you wanted a printed statement of your bank account.
They charge you for everything and anything.
), and tells you you are going to get whatever she feels like giving you.
They have great plans (compared to the other major banks).
I get unlimited transactions for 8$/month.
Customer service at this location leaves a lot to be desired.
Account lookups on my minor's account is another challenging adventure at this location.
This location fails to realize the importance of customer service and building a good banking relationships with minors.
I've learned my lesson and will move all of my accounts and my kids' account to them as well.
These words do not even come close to adequately describing my experience with southern fidelity mortgage.
The entire process took months longer than it should have.
I was bounced around from person to person as employees either quit or were fired.
Forms filled out on my behalf were incorrect and/or incomplete.
I had to re-upload documents on multiple occasions because they somehow went missing.
This was one of the worst experiences i've had with any company, ever.
Run away from southern fidelity and then stay far, far away.
Customer service is very bad...
They will cheat you on the fair market price on a pawned item...
They seem to use ebay as a reference for prices which they shouldn't!.
All other items are overpriced in the store!.
Signing up with  state farm, i was a bit skeptical that saving money was a possible.
After being with geico for so long and actually taking a penalty, a bump my monthly insurance cost.
I decided to look elsewhere for a better rate and service.
Joy and company make you feel wanted and apart of their family.
No, my 14 year  old doesn't want a savings account for the birthday check grandma sent.
I don't care if it is policy.
Took it to my home branch and they gave the kid her money.
When it came time to get a first time mortgage my realtor said he only recommended one person, rusty.
I'm glad he did.
Rusty is friendly, helpful, and very easy to work with.
He couldn't have made the process any easier.
I highly recommend him for all your mortgage needs.
I have been so dissatisfied with the customer service at the retirement end of the business.
I simple task and i am asked to call back?
What kind of customer service is that?
I work for a call center and this is the 3rd time this has happened?
The rep states that they are not allowed to do outbound calls?--- is this a joke?
And that i need to call back in 32 min when the system comes back up?
Your company is a joke!
This big bank will no longer be available after 4pm beginning in june.
New hours beginning in june  monday -thursday 9:00 am to 4:00 pm.
Already inconvenienced with no drive thru available to customers, apparently the bank doesn't want any more business.
If i could get rid of boa all together i would.
Apparently they can't be bothered with customers.
If i could give in negative stars i would.
W o r s t... they suck huge
It's going up in a great area with plenty of access.
Why can't they do something like use the 3 employees sitting at their desks not doing anything?
The customer service is wonderful at this bank!
The person who signed me up ( kevin?)
Was so friendly and accommodating, and not in that forced way, genuinely nice!
The tellers i've dealt with have all been so helpful.
This is the best bank i've ever worked with.
I want to thank everyone at sfm, they made our dreams come true!
We now have our first home!
Leilani, michelle, deborah, and rose were amazing throughout the whole process!
I had no problems with paperwork, responses, and communication.
They are the best at what they do!
And those who worked behind the scenes, your work did not go unnoticed!
Everybody guided me to stay on top of my credit and finances, especially in this sellers' market!
You won't regret choosing sfm for your mortgage needs!
As a first-time homebuyer, they truly exceeded all expectations of the home buying process!
I've already told all my friends and family about them!
Do not bank with huntington.
They wouldn't deposit my small dollar amount check because it was signed over to me.
I have never been so humiliated and angry at the same time.
Their obsession with policy causes low customer service.
Only need 1 form of id for cashing non-member checks.
Greeting was weak but overall friendly service for non-members.
This location (and bank in general) used to be a good solid bank.
This location could care less about customer service, even the manager has a horrendous attitude towards customers and their needs.
The tellers here are always super slow and the line is always super long.
If there were negative star ratings, this location definitely deserves it.
Go somewhere else for your business needs where you will be taken care of.
I've used gravity finance to help get me start up capital.
They helped me and it was actually a very easy process.
I thought you had to put up your house, car kid and wife to get a start-up loan, guess not.
I have had nothing but issues with this bank.
I opened up an account over a month ago and still no debt card.
They supposedly have send cards twice and still no debt card.
I literally have to bank at a different cu to physically walk in and pull out money.
Seriously will close this account and go to a better one soon.
Don't use this awful company.
From the moment i walked in i felt unwelcome ; like we were just money signs walking around.
It was like a factory while we were there waiting.
The front desk person was rude!!!
We met with lalo a loan officer who also is just plain rude.
All he wanted was our money.
The moment he saw we didn't have the amount of down payment he suggested he rushed us out.
Don't do business with this awful unethical company.
Go to essex mortgage they will take care of you!!
This is by far the best branch i have ever been to.
I've been a member for 6 years and have never experienced better service every time i visit.
Today i was privileged to be serviced by daniel and alex.
They were very not only prompt in responding to my needs, but very professional and gave that extra tlc.
Thanks a million to these guys.
I would not recommend this credit union to any one.
My husband and i have had nothing but problems and rude customer service.
She didn't care we have to follow procedures.
Well why didn't you call and let me know???
What i like about steve's place, besides the proximity to home, is that he has great people working for him.
The front desk is friendly and welcoming.
You are greeted into the office like family.
Alex went above and beyond to help me with my jewelry quote.
He even took time out of his day to drive me to the appraiser and waited patiently with me.
Steve reached out and went way beyond what an agent should do to keep a customer.
He helped me out when the quote was a bit more than i thought it would be.
I felt like more than just a customer.
I felt like the office wanted to get to know me and create a long lasting relationship.
Kudos to you steve and alex!
Keep up the great atmosphere!
I really like the british guy from wales - although he needs to shave.
The manager is a very smaht fellow.
Such wonderful people will always do what's right.
Duvid is my main man!
This is the best bank i have had to deal with.
From the security person at the door, to the tellers, everyone is super nice and respectful.
I've always had very pleasant conversations.
Employees know how to do their job well, they are very well informed about the banking business in america.
Customer service on the phone is very helpful, too.
I've always been able to do what i needed online.
Also, sunwest policy was checks were only good for 6months anyway so no deposit for me.
Well, i called wells fargo and they have no age restrictions at all on their checks.
I also called sunwest main office who said their policy is 1 year on checks.
Thanks for not being honest about your own policy, but another banks too.
I quit this mess, and won't miss the 1960's building and decor.
I sent an e-mail, got a quote, went in and exchanged my money.
Fast and professional is all you should want when exchanging money.
They gave me a great rate too.
I'll use them from now on.
I would highly recommend.
Stay clear of this business.
They were charging me nearly double what the other insurance companies do.
I cancelled my coverage and then they still charged me for the coming month.
Steer clear of this business.
This was my 4th visit to get both my bank card and online banking working.
Had the worst customer service experience with this branch today.
I brought my minor child to the bank to open an account.
All we had brought with us for her id was a birth certificate.
We were informed that chase requires two forms of id even for a minor.
We retrieved her passport and returned to the bank.
At this time we are informed that they also need a social security number for her.
I was frustrated that not all the information was given to me the first time.
I felt that christian had not been proactive or anticipated this need.
I was offered no solutions or apologies.
When i asked to speak to a supervisor becky came out.
She was agitated and disrespectful.
She lost her cool and spoke quickly and in a high pitched voice that was louder than the situation warranted.
I expect the bank and bankers i work with to be knowledgeable in their field and honest.
Becky made several false statements to me and refused to acknowledge that her information may not be accurate.
Becky offered no apologies.
I announced that a simple, "i am so sorry.
That must be so frustrating to not have had all the information up front."
At this point i asked to close all 4 of my chase accounts.
I have been a customer since 2005 and i am so disappointed to receive such unfriendly customer service today.
I will find a new bank that values their customers a bit more than my experience with this branch.
I realize i am only one of many customers to them and apparently they won't miss my business.
So unsatisfied with julie's ...terrible!
I walked in to this chase branch and was one of only two customers and i wasn't greeted.
I then preceded to wait for the raspy voiced teller to finish with a customer, about ten minutes.
I thought that was a little excessive since there were only two of us, but again whatever.
I proceeded to tell the lady i wanted to switch some $20s for $10s and $5 bills.
She said she wouldn't help me unless i had my chase bank card and my id.
That's not right, owning a business i've stopped in a lot of banks and been helped.
Rude lady just didn't want to help.
Back to wells fargo i go!
It great being a member of a credit union
Getting away from customer interaction.
I don't tend to go into a bank but when i do i don't expect to keep getting past around.
Dan was on point from the start.
Knowledgeable, thorough, with excellent follow up and follow through.
Dan made sure the process concluded with an early close of escrow.
I strongly recommend dan for your mortgage needs.
Dan makes it happen!
I had difficulty making a deposit, at the counter, of 1 check this afternoon.
It took several minutes to try to make this clear.
This is the first time i came into this particular branch and i was not impressed.
Horrible customer service, i have had a mortgage account for years.
I was over charged, and when it was brought to their attention i was issued a refund by check.
Took it in and was charged a fee to cash it.
We had a very bad experience at this branch.
Multiple errors in closing my deceased mom's account and opening accounts for her beneficiaries.
Lack of thoroughness, lack of attention to detail, and incompetence resulted in me making multiple trips across town needlessly.
I had to take an envelope full of cash.
She was very helpful the whole way through.
She responded to every question with accuracy and kindness.
Interacting with abby was the best experience i've had at wells fargo.
Enjoyed getting to know them and talk to them while im doing my banking business.
Recommend this location if your close by the neighborhood !
I have been with this credit union for about a year and a half.
Their web page software has been 10 years behind other credit union/banks and didn't offer standard features everyone else offers.
Transfers between accounts can take 2 to 5 business days to occur.
Unlike every other bank that does transfers immediately or over night.
They sent out new credit cards saying do not activate before a specific date.
But they failed to say was the old credit card would be deactivated on that same date.
Again your notification was declines when you tried to use the card.
An automated message asked questions and listed four charges asking if they were all correct.
Someone will call back sometime.
Meanwhile we have to deal with a canceled card charge for valid payments we made.
These are examples of the bigger problems we have had, there have been smaller issues also.
Choose another credit union, there are some great ones out there.
Have been banking with them for over 20 years.
No issues, always great service, super friendly people!
Just opened a new account today.
My banker was alexandra vu and she was absolutely wonderful!
She was extremely thorough and made sure i understood everything before i left.
I recently moved here from arizona.
Worst credit union ever.
Didn't bother to inform customers of $8.00 charge but swear up and down they did so via email.
A really great, large, branch.
A half dozen inside tellers, four outside drive-up tellers, a couple atm's, one drive up, one walk-up, etc.
They are unfailingly friendly and polite, always seem eager to help during each of my dozens of visits there.
So far so great- just obtained a car loan and the value and services offered were great.
We brought 3 checking accounts here from a bank and so far so good.
The staff is friendly and the location is good for us.
Loving the flexibility with some of the arms in the network.
Overall i'd recommend this credit union.
You think this bank is good?
Wonderful option in a city built on big banks picking your pocket.
All people that are not making money with their banks should immediately switch to a credit union.
Wish it was closer, but 2 miles isn't too bad.
Very friendly and helpful.
Good price for my precious diamonds.
Fair prices and respectful shop.
It was a pleasure doing business with them.
I'm sure i will be back again.
As a member-owned financial cooperative, they profit abundantly on the fees they assess on their members.
The coo is very reluctant to cooperate with members fee refunds.
So, don't ever experience any form of financial hardship and expect cooperation from this member-owned credit union.
My whole family has always used bdcu.
I've had a savings account with them since i was a child in the mika mika club.
I now do my checking with them as well, and i am so glad i do.
I was recently scammed for a pretty large amount of money.
I am a young adult and this was my first time experiencing something so violating.
Linda eugster took care of me as if it was her own daughter who got scammed.
Linda and bdcu make me feel safe with my banking, and i would not go anywhere else.
They treat you like family, and you can't find that anywhere else.
Went thru all the prompts until it began ringing at the extension i wanted.
This happened at this branch, village trails, and 8550 charleston-same results at each branch.
That's not how you run a business.
Mary was so helpful and walked us through everything, explaining everything in detail before we signed!
Great company and will be using them again in the future!
I approved to open a checking business account, but they added a business savings account that i did not approve.
My business is small and i could not maintain the minimum limit required.
I closed on the business accounts.
I went to a different branch to deposit my check made to my dba tonight personal checking.
Really frustrating experience for me at the aliante wells fargo branch.
Particularly from the branch manager.
Avoid coming here at all risk.
I waited in lobby for 25 minutes and no one even came out to help me.
Bank of america cashed a check, to spectrum, that somehow ended up in the hands of their, private, account holder.
Spectrum never got the money and our internet was shut off.
This caused me hours of hassle as i had to establish another internet account.
B of a won't pay my sanctions against them and assistant manager mark is a rude jackass!
He needs to go work for mcdonald's!!
Tellers are fast and friendly.
Brian, the relationship manager is the best.
He makes dealing with various banking issues a breeze, and he's kind and funny to boot.
There was fraud on my account.
He never said i would need to come back in and sign anything.
The money was returned the following monday which was appreciated.
On tuesday i noticed there was overdraft fees on the account that was supposed to be closed.
I had to take time off work to go to the bank to address this.
The person at the banker's desk (brett) acted put out to have to assist me because it was almost closing.
I explained i had to take time off work and i needed the account closed.
He shrugged and said i would have to come back and sign a paper another day.
I explained i would just close both accounts and bank with chase.
So i again had to take time off work and i took my money out of wells fargo.
They could care less and had zero customer service!!
The only place i trust to store my valuables.
Many of my friends got a safe box here thro the years and i decided to get one as well.
After few years of great service it's time for me to leave a review and spread the word.
If you need a safe deposit box and don't want to deal with the banks - this is your place!
I had to withdraw $1000 from my business account.
Chris was the teller.
I was on the my cellphone texting my clients.
I had to make the teller do a recount since i missed it.
I apologized and as i walked away he goes "thanks for putting the phone away".
I highly recommend this guy for the sarcasm, and utmost understanding of business client needs.
Found the teller servicing me here very short.
He barely looked up while he spoke and i had to ask for confirmations for the transactions performed.
Not my bank but had to make a deposit.
If it's yours, i hope it's not my branch.
And i'm guessing it's not cause this place was a ghost town.
The space itself is nice.
Empty (where are your clients though?)
This is where the third star came into play.
But with current construction going on in the area, it's all for nought.
I recommend: bmo frankly.
Extra tip: as lukewarm as service was here, it's better than the 150 bloor west hsbc branch- frigid service.
See my other review.
Apparently it also applies to new "possible" banking customers as well.
What a great way to do business!
How helpful and unprofessional is that?
This is very inconsiderate to their customers and only thinking about themselves.
After all, why should they care about the customer when it's "the customer" that keeps them employed?
I'm filing a lawsuit against them now.
Three employees were chatting off to the side while one teller was trying to handle the entire line of people.
I had to wait over 10 minutes even though i was first in line.
I was late to work and no one even apologized for the oddly long wait.
This place is absolutely awful and unethical!
I went to go collect my item and they tried to sell it to me.
It's our item now and there is nothing unethical about that!"
So my item is confirmed stolen via the police report and the serial number.
I would never use pawn 1st ever again!
They traffic in stolen goods and do not understand what ethics are!
There are thousands of other pawn shops, go there!
Do not support criminals under banking laws!
But most of them have not forgotten me since.
Though wf is fairly large, i still get that small bank feeling when i go there.
I have been banking with huntington for approximately 20 years and tonight was the last straw.
Tonight they did this without warning and left me with no way to pay my restaurant tab.
I will be closing my account in the morning.
I worked with john jensen, an insurance account representative, and he helped make switching insurance companies easy and enjoyable.
He went above and beyond to ensure my satisfaction.
Wells fargo is the best bank in this country.
This is not my favorite location but if i just need to get cash quick, the location is quite convenient.
For foreign currency exchange and other services, go somewhere else.
I've used interchange about 5 times in the last 6 months and have been really impressed.
Their online ordering system is very easy, and i usually receive the shipment within 24-48 hours (within business hours).
Their rates are also better than the bank.
I find their service to be extremely convenient.
Can't go lower than 1.
$7 fee for cashing my check here.
Should've gone to the casino
Seriously thats funny coming from a bank that stole from their own customers.
High risk is doing business with an unethical bank like wells fargo imo.
Hate that my boss uses them and i'm forced to cash my paycheck here.
But there isn't a chance i would allow wells fargo to direct deposit anything into my account.
I don't trust them or the employees.
Smh i bet henry wells is rolling over in his grave seeing what has happened to his company.
There's only female here that will greet you and even then she only does it sometimes.
Even after the teller told me to approach him.
He then preceded to pick up the phone and make a call.
I banked with navy fed while in the corps, boa, wells fargo and even chase.
Chase was too expensive with fees, boa and wells fargo both have positive and negatives.
At the very least they got the basic principle of customer service right, greet the customers
Out of all the bofa i've been to, this location is quick.
Usually when i go in i don't have to stand in a long line.
Tops for me is one person ahead of me.
Customer service is friendly.
Although there's no one to greet you in and ask you what you need help with.
The location really sucks.
It sucks for big vehicles.
The lot is small and overpacked due to the other businesses in the plaza.
As for their drive thru atms, it's like any other drive thru atm.
I will keep on going to this location because i could just walk in and out without waiting.
Small, more community style bank.
I had a good experience mostly, but they have been inconsistent between me and another new customer.
Different answers, delivery dates, and i still have not received my referral credit.
Whole process for obtaining a loan (and i have an excellent credit score) was a nightmare.
Blamed me for the difficult process.
He's a smooth talker but full of mistruths.
You will thank me.
Best banking experience i've ever had!
Lorenzo helped me open a savings and checking account, as well as a credit card.
He was upfront and respectful, didn't pressure me into opening the most expensive account.
He was very friendly and made a lot of conversation through the process.
It was like being walked through by a family member.
Everyone in the building greets you with a smile and makes sure you're helped right away.
I guess the only downside is they're very friendly and like to make conversation with you.
Personally, i like that, but i can understand how it would be annoying if you're in a hurry.
It's a shame now that i'm moving to a different state, i would have loved making this my permanent bank.
Two hours to add a signor onto my bank account.
This bank pushes its customers away with very poor service.
Poor service and waited 30 min before they helped me.
What a great group to work with.
They go out of their way to be helpful.
I have been banking with wells fargo for over a year now.
Everytime i go in there, i receive good service.
Everyone is always polite.
However, today was by far my best experience with any bank.
Stacy the teller helped me today and she was absolutely amazing.
She did not make me feel the least bit uncomfortable, and she was super nice and genuine the entire time.
Thank you stacy for your amazing customer service.
For someone like me, being treated nice and dealing with people without judgment or harsh opinions is vary rare.
So i definitely appreciate it, and because of her service i will never bank with anyone else besides wells fargo.
I've been using this cu for almost 3 years now and i've always liked it.
I have a vehicle loan, a business account, and a regular account.
Katie just recently helped me set up my business account at this location and was very knowledgeable and helpful.
It was a pleasant and quick experience.
I'm a chase premier customer.
Went in to get copies of my statements.
Claudia said she would only charge me for 5 copies... at 6.00 a statement.
Just checked my account.
Claudia i guess decided to go ahead and charge my account for 12 copies!!
Shame on you chase.. who wants to bank with a bank that is so dishonest.
.. just lost a 12 yr client.
I'd bought a house before, but that was 2006 when rules were lax and i was a regular w2 employee.
Dan had us apply for a bank statement loan.
Dan fought the underwriters on our behalf a few times and won when common sense prevailed.
He always under promised and over delivered.
She should go and train those idiots at 19th ave & bethany home!
Im going to have to wait until june 13 which is 2 weeks.
Ive just been taken and there is nothing that can be done until this has been researched.
Do not ever in your life trust an atm.
Never using a chase atm in my life !!!!!
I still have 4000 missing from my money market savings account.
Its been a month now and us bank has not fixed the issue.
The bank is not secure.
I was not even notified that there had been fraudulent activity on my account over the course of a weekend.
Provisional credit was suppose to be issued two weeks ago.
Once i have my funds back i'm closing out all of my accounts with this bank.
I've been with truliant for over 10 years.
Reps will not call you back.
You have to keep calling in to get what you want.
I paid for an overnight check to be deposited to avoid fees for drafts coming through.
Of course this was not done and they came out.
She seemed sympathetic, but at this point i was exhausted from all the calling back and forth with no answers.
However, the call center rep the day before is the one who gave me the branch address to overnight to!
This is a credit union and i truly felt i was a bank customer.
Glad there are other credit unions out there to choose from!
This place was great.
The rates were good and the lady behind the counter was quick and efficient.
I was in and out in a few minutes.
They had the currency i wanted and in the denominations also.
Other places only had larger bills and i needed small ones.
No hidden charges or fees.
I always get accused of being an imposter of myself...
It's an electronic signature!!!
Who actually signs like that... "how do you not remember me by now?!"
I really like this bank, the staff is friendly and always take care of what i need.
I hate talking through the glass with bank tellers, and that is never a problem here.
This is the best banking experience i have had.
We now have our personal and business accounts with midfirst bank.
I have to say for a pawn shop it was a nice establishment.
Javier was a great help and they gave a fair price on my jewelry.
Location at scottsdale and earl.
Thank you very much
By far the absolute worst branch of pnc in the area.
The only thing useful at this branch is the atm's.
The problem with this is the drive one is constantly in disrepair.
This is really the worst branch i have ever been to.
Word to the wise- avoid at all cost.
This bank of america location has the best staff.
Everyone is always eager to help and very nice.
I would recommend this center to everyone!
Took weeks to get answers (oh, we're busy was my response!)
Called a competitor finance company and was taken care of, they laughed at the answers i received from blue brick!
I visit the drive-thru atm of this cibc whenever i am around this area.
Oddly, i have never been in the branch.
This drive-thru isn't designed well.
When you are done at the atm, it curves.
It is difficult to see cars coming behind you as you merge.
You  also have cement sidewalks all over the place.
It feels like you are participating in a driving obstacle course.
On a good note, the atm is always available when i am there.
It's in the same plaza as marshalls and a canadian tire gas station.
Yesterday, i came here to the cashier.
This girl couldn't count coins rolls and missed $25 then recounted again and missed $15.
I am not even talking at the same time, i waited the first girl to finished her count.
It such an attitude.
I preferred atm deposit lol.
Thank you guys for all you do.
There's no place i would rather leave my valuables than at this facility.
Keep up the good service!
Surly i will recommend to anybody :)
He was also very patient with him.
This was my first experience of the southern hospitality!
I would go back to him with any additional needs!
I am sitting waiting in the bank for someone to help me and there is not a sole in here.
Been here on previous occasions and one older teller made everything so difficult.
Did not seem like she liked her job.
Might been time for her to pursue something else.
This branch not good.
Since i left wells fargo and i started banking with chase i have been so happy!
No hidden misc charges!
(wf was awful for 25.00 charges they couldn't explain! )
The customer service chase offers is amazing!
Especially at this particular location!
Today i went into chase for a replacement of a lost debit card .
I called in advance to see if there would be a wait time.
Jose told me over the phone i'd be helped right away!
I was in and out within 10 minutes with a temporary atm card.
I will visit this location as often as possible even if it's a few miles further then my neighborhood chase!
It's totally worth it!
I will feature the state i've called home for the past few years for my 1900th review.
Here's a breakdown of this state:  pro's + warm weather.
I love living in this city.
It's safe and fun.
A great place to raise a family.
+ they have frequent gun shows.
It seems like there's one every month.
The gun laws here are not very strict and gun enthusiasts are everywhere.
I've come to appreciate guns a lot since i've moved here.
There are a lot of hiking trails in the state with a nice variety of landscape.
From mountains and pine trees to dry sonoran desert dirt and saguaro cacti, there's something for everyone here.
There are some places in arizona where you feel like you're in the wild west.
Con's - state income tax.
There's so much politics here and it carries over into everyday life.
The drivers here in arizona are baffling.
They slow down below the speed limit for no reason on the highways.
Stores, restaurants, bars close early here.....yawn.
I get bored very easily out here.
- lack of good asian food.
Can't find very many good pho or ramen places.
Overall, it's not too bad a place to live.
I've lived in more exciting places, but it could be worse.
It's definitely worth visiting if you've never been here before.
After searching for a great engagement ring elsewhere (traditional retail jewelers and brokers) i was left unimpressed.
I wanted a beautiful stone but didn't care for the markup so it could 'traded in or traded up'.
Enter bancless loans-upscale/trendy stores that feel like a european boutique with a friendly and helpful staff in a relaxed environment.
Dan sherbondy, my loan officer is the very best!
He and his team are professional, courteous, patient and so very knowledgable.
Dan and kimberly answered all my questions and made me feel comfortable.
Dan had perfect timing when it came to securing/locking in my interest rate as interest rates soon rose.
I couldn't have been more pleased with his timing and my rate!
Dan, if you are reading this..... you are .... dan, the loan man las vegas!!!
I am so lucky and thankful to have had you represent me!
Thank you for helping me get a home, so i can have a new start in henderson.
This location is pretty good, the people are all very nice.
But i hate this bank.
I hate the online services, they suck.
All i want to do is make separate areas where i can put money for things like vacation or education.
To do this, i have to create differet savings accounts, which costs 25$ each.
"you can create a savings goal."
Cool, so i do that.
And ow many savings goals can you create for each account?
How the hell is this suppose to help me!?
I do not want to create a fuck ton of accounts, just to be able to separate my money.
Is it so hard to let us do this!
I have been using nevada state bank for years and for the most part i get great service.
Ashlee the bank manager always takes care of me in this branch.
She is wonderful to work with.
Banks as everyone knows are difficult unless u have a lot of money.
In vegas us bank is the bank to bank with.
Phenomenal no pressure customer service.
Best rates and no fees on most of their accounts.
This one is inside smith's grocery store.
The manager patrick smith is super fast and helpful.
I have had the same a+ experience at every us bank i've been to.
Forget about bank of america - they're a joke here in vegas (see my review on two of their locations).
This bank knows how to steal money from you stay away!!!
We work to hard just to give it all to the bankers!!!
The customer service i receive here is spot on every time and the conversation that takes place is exceedingly pleasant.
There's no reason someone should be that nice, yet everyone here is wonderful!
Huntington has given me some problems as a bank in general, but there's nothing wrong with this branch at all.
Time is money, and this place will rob you of it.
This location takes slow to a whole new level!
It's so slow, it's a joke!
Did chase hire all these tools off the streets, in the hood somewhere?
This location is clean, but no where near as nice looking as some of the other chase's i been to.
The wood is of poor grade, the bullet proof glass, cheap!
I definitely don't want to be standing behind it during a shoot out.
I went in..there was only 3 people ahead of me and no one behind.
However when i left there were 20 people behind me.
That's how slow they are!
The workers are definitely friendly, but sorry dears, friendly is useless if you're as slow as a snail.
I rather have a fast and efficient asshole than a friendly slow as hell slowpoke.
Chase really need to learn to hire better people.
Can't wait for the day when robots take over bank tellers, than these clowns can go work at mcdonald's.
But mcdonald's probably fire their butts for being so slow.
I'm in a good mood so minus 3 stars for being slow, inefficient and useless.
Drive through is always clean, multiple atms.
Some you walk up too, others are drive through.
People are nice and then inside is very clean.
Not the best neighborhood, but you know, bank, duh.
I try to never go into a branch unless i absolutely have to.
He tried assisting and told me they could not convert my account.
I let him know the phone rep had said it would be something as simple as converting the account.
He stood firm behind his answer/ solution.
The branch manager didn't even apologize for the misinformation!!!
He has a bad attitude and could use some basic client interaction training.
Easy deposit and friendly staffs.
See rauh garcia if you need any help, he is a nice guy and will help you with any problem.
It's nice that they welcome you without pretension and often offer ways to safe you money for your transactions.
Drop in and you will always find friendly, knowledgeable and helpful staff.
Seems that bank of america treats non account holders much different than those who do.
I waited in a very long line to cash 2 checks that were drawn on boa.
The branch manager steve smith was useless, very rude and very very condescending.
I highly recommend banking somewhere else.
Worst banking experience to date.
Rowe and his team at southern fidelity mortgage were so easy to work with.
The refinance process was quick and painless.
Customer service is key, and bank of america never got the memo.
I came in to deposit a check into my mother's account.
If this is not procedure to look up an account, it should never have been done in the first place.
Bank of america at it's finest.
Thank god i stopped banking there a long time ago with the terrible service they provide.
If i hadn't needed to be there, i would never go there.
I would never recommend this branch or company to anyone.
Only 1 teller working at 4:00 on a weekday.
So there's always a line of people waiting for the atm.
For as busy as the area is they really need to consider making it easier for people to do business.
This is by far the best insurance company i have ever had!
Prices are very reasonable and if i have questions they are always helpful!
...there is never anyone at this chase - morning, noon, night, weekday, or weekend.
That is why it is so encouraging find a company like bancless loans.
The location is quite secure and the showroom is uncluttered and features jewelry and coins for sale, as well.
When circumstances compel you to leverage your valuables for quick cash, i highly recommend bancless loans.
Many of the people here are very friendly/helpful.
Unfortunately, all of my interactions with holly have been extremely negative.
They are the worst bank i've ever dealt with.
I can promise i wouldn't recommend this bank to my worst enemy.
Turn around time for discrepancies take 3 days when most banks can do things instantly.
Their customer service representatives are uniformed and give no answers or are helpful.
Fast and helpful service through out my time spent with sfm!
I highly recommend this company for their fast pace processing and determination to get the job done.
Thank you guys again!
Tellers are somewhat friendly, but don't understand the point of getting rid of the business line?
The jerk also stated that all tellers are trained now and can help do business transactions...
But the teller that we got took three attempts to make a deposit and make $.12 in change.
Will be looking for a new bank.
Not sure what all the fuss and negative reviews are about or for.
Quick friendly and awesome service.
I've never waited long and they remember you if you come and see the same banker.
Can't ask for more from my bank.
Always has 1 teller.
2 at the most.
Always a long wait no matter what time of day i've stopped by.
Currently 16 people in front of me.
Or if you want to cash in your piggy bank!
Also if they did away with their fee's it would be even better!
Customer service is great but it's just not enough.
No chip and pin and no answer to when it will be available.
I would use extreme caution when banking here due to this simple fact.
It's this reason alone i am dumping this cu because they lack the protections for their customers on everyday transactions.
This technology has been around since 1993 and was widely adopted across many platforms.
Waited 36 days for copies of my documents.
The escrow officer and real estate agent playing blame game as to a fee added to my documents.
Escrow officer stated she does not work for post office so she has no control over delivery.
Email my dear is best~
Line is fast if you are using tellers.
Customer service is amazing.
It gets crowded around mid morning, so plan your visit.
The tellers are especially awesome!
My friend is trying to transfer money from her account to her landlord's bank account.
She has been in the bank for 55 minutes!
And still in there!
About 20 people have come and gone.
She stated that the clerk helping her was helping another customer are the same time.
Going back and forth with them.
Seems like poor customer service!
Located inside on the right of vons right main entrance.
Good, fast and friendly service.
Also has an atm.
Staff was incredibly kind and polite, they helped me open a new account in a very efficient manner.
Being new to the area i am now confident that i found the best credit union in phoenix!
I have been with this credit union for about a year and a half.
Their web page software has been 10 years behind other credit union/banks and didn't offer standard features everyone else offers.
Transfers between accounts can take 2 to 5 business days to occur.
Unlike every other bank that does transfers immediately or over night.
They sent out new credit cards saying do not activate before a specific date.
But they failed to say was the old credit card would be deactivated on that same date.
Again your notification was declines when you tried to use the card.
An automated message asked questions and listed four charges asking if they were all correct.
Someone will call back sometime.
Meanwhile we have to deal with a canceled card charge for valid payments we made.
Called to dispute a incorrect charge.
They had to cancel the entire card and didn't know how to reissue a new card.
It took 10 hours, 4 days, and many calls later to find someone who could send out the card.
With the credit card not working, tried to use the atm card but it would not work.
After hours call center knew nothing as usual.
No other bank does this.
These are examples of the bigger problems we have had, there have been smaller issues also.
Choose another credit union, there are some great ones out there.
I feel that they have a big bank attitude.
Love to brag about there assets as if it somehow helps me.
Since they have poor customer service i guess that's all they have to brag about.
A bank is all customer service and bofa has none in person.
So all in it's taken me two hours now to try to do a simple transfer.
Consistently offers the best prices for currency exchange.
Fast, professional and easy, especially if you order online and have it mailed.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
This branch is a joke.
I came in with coin from cleaning out my car.
They rudely told me they couldn't accept my coin unless it was rolled.
Then handed me a tray to roll it.
Last i checked i was at a bank where that's their job.
I remember why i don't use that location.
Every time it's something with them.
Definitely one of the better experiences i've had at a wells fargo and wouldn't mind stopping by again if necessary.
They were very helpful and friendly this is the bank i always like to go to.
Not as busy as another locations i've too.
During chemo and radiation for cancer, i needed a document notarized.
Friends recommended huntington bank since our bank has no locations in the area.
They couldn't have been less helpful, compassionate or understanding.
In this age of inhumanity and mechanization, people like this are no better than machines.
This bank has the weirdest hour of operation: 10am to 4pm.
Come on, other banks close at 6pm or even 8pm, and even open on weekends.
I don't see how hsbc will retain any long term clients with the competition in this area.
I was only here to deposit a cheque for a client, and was surprised to find only one teller working.
It didn't really make a difference to me since i was the only customer in line.
Overall, just found their banking/customer service options lacking in comparison to banks like td and rbc.
Waited in line for over 30 minutes.
Long line and the still take 5 minute with every customer to explain "valuable services you are eligible for".
Just get me out the door please.
Or hire more that 3 tellers on a friday afternoon.
I would not feel safe using the atm late at night.
Always great customer service.
Location is very convenient right off the 215/aliante.
Plenty of parking on both sides of the building.
And they have drive thru window for the tellar along with drive up atm.
Very helpful and patient.
Legitimate precious metals with competitive pricing.
I went in and spoke to jason/justin (sorry i forget which name) he has an awesome beard!
Hahah and he helped validate my parking for the hours i was stranded!
I wish i can give this location 100 millions stars!!
This review is primarily for the home mortgage department.
This is a tale of 2 extremes, and because of that i will give 2 stars.
My wife and i were looking to buy a home and finance it through wells fargo.
Several years back they were our mortgage company and we were pleased with the customer service.
We were disappointed to find that the mortgage banker we were familiar with had moved to another branch.
Kevin was the mortgage banker.
He worked with us to get pre-approved immediately.
The following week we put an offer on a house.
We went to submit the offer to him so he could order the appraisal, but got no response.
After 3 days of calling, leaving voice mails, and texting with no reply, we contacted the branch manager.
She couldn't get a hold of him either.
After another day went by kevin contacted us and said he had been sick.
He apologized promising that he would never leave us hanging again.
Kevin ordered the appraisal.
Our appraisal came back lower than our offer.
So we counter offered.
We once again submitted it to kevin.
This was on a friday.
Monday the same thing, no response.
Tuesday i went to the bank to see kevin personally.
There was a different person at his desk.
When i asked for kevin i was told that he was no longer with the bank.
My rating for kevin at this point would have been a -5 if there were such a rating.
The person at kevin's desk was andre.
He told me he would be taking kevin's place.
With reservations i agreed to go ahead with the process.
The rest of the process didn't go smooth.
Andre was there for us through the rest of process and explained everything to us.
He sympathized with our frustration and worked very hard to make sure we had an on time closing.
I would give andre a 6 star rating if i could.
His customer service is outstanding.
The bottom line is that our loan was completed and we closed on time.
I rated the whole overall experience a 2, because i have experienced better.
If you do finance a home through wells fargo in mesa, i would recommend talking to andre.
Looooong lines and only 2 people working!!!
Downtown is a busy place and people do a lot of business here!
Shame on bank of america making us waist our time!!
A merchant service company that strives to find solutions for business owners to make their businesses more profitable.
Awful awful customer treatment-service is not in the bank vocabulary.
At southfield michigan bank,  there are never enough tellers, lines inside, drivers just leave, they have to wait so long.
One gentleman asked, "when are you going to get some more help in here?".
No employee wishes to explain or investigate information on an existing loan-only to open new loans.
Families had their  own personal bankers who conducted the families business.
I never gave my insurance much thought until i actually needed to use it!
Terrible service here and a very mean staff.
I wanted to speak to someone regarding my checking acct.
When i did speak to a rep, she was no help in addressing my concern.
I'm not sure why i bank here.
I've been loyal for almost 20 years.
I like this bank because they are always professional and quick.
I wish i could choose something lower than one star.
I'll get to rbc's customer service in a minute.
Over four years, this has become a tremendous hassle.
Or when my payment didn't arrive at their offices (lost in the mail room - shocker!).
The people in the branches are nicer, but definitely not snappy.
The lack of time wasted buying envelopes and dealing with customer service will be well worth it over time.
I bank with america first.
My main branch is on flamingo and pecos.
At my home branch they were willing to work with me to gain access to my account.
Here, the staff was impolite and extremely unhelpful i felt as though i was unvalued and unwanted.
The service is always relatively slow with this branch.
Chris is 100% on point.
He's very professional  and you can tell he loves what he does for a living.
Ramy is also on it every step of the way.
They constantly update you through the whole process and they top what other mortgage companies offer.
Definitely go with this team when your looking to purchase a home.
You won't regret it.
And they closed early on my new home.
I've been to this location numerous times after picking kids up from school.
I always get in and out quickly and with no problems!
This insurance agency rocks!
Joy has a team filled with a+ employees.
Specifically, i have been working with kasey for a couple of years now.
She answers emails so quickly and has really been great at advising me with different options.
Am so happy to continue doing business with these folks!
Julie hagan is truly amazing!
What would i do without her?
I suppose i would find another banking institution.
Julie hagan goes above and beyond.
Her name tag should read:  julie amazing hagan champion banker  thanks julie!
Twyla gray is the best!
She has helped us in a professional, proactive, honest and fast manner.
I highly recommend her.
I have spent thousands and thousands of dollars at this place.
They are now a place i can't spend a dollar at...
So, they sell defective jewelry in the cases, tools, purses and dvds...
They don't sell anything in the store that's worth a shit.
The computers have dings and if sold online nobody would pay that price they advertise.
They have no top end jewelry..
I purchased a thomas kinkade painting and it was fake...
They never like hooking anything up and that's after i have spent thousands.
I hate this place and will never go back...stay away!!!
Everything is way overpriced and a huge money scam.
They fuck the commuinty over... woildnt be suprised to hear some heads being blown off soon.
They are scum bag mother fuckers.
I recently used their services and it was very convenient.
Ask questions using yelp message, they respond within hours.
This location is a complete joke.
I have been a member of desert schools/financial for 6 years.
They have all my banking accounts for both personal and business and my ira.
I went to another lender but wanted to have my mortgage kept with all my other accounts.
When i contacted her it was "i was just getting ready to call you".
Another week goes by and i still do not have my pre-approval letter or any paperwork.
I called again and was told it was emailed the prior week.
After researching they discovered they did not send my paperwork.
It is july 17th, over 6 weeks for a mortgage loan.
The customer service is horrible and they lie!!
I am taking all my accounts to another bank
They did the change quicly.
I had asked for about 1,500 euros.
No fees, similar exchange rate than others
Can this place move at a more glacier pace?
I am embarrassed to be standing in line.
This location needs serious help!
Well i was a loyal customer until today 5.9.14.
The assistant manager art told me that the lawaway was cancelled back in january.
He said no because there is a 90 day layaway time limit.
I advised him there was no time limit given to me.
He said he couldn't prove that.
He then starting talking about policy this and that.
We are now in may (5 months later) and the two items are now on the floor for sale.
Its not like i got mad and said i want my money back.
I asked to use it towards the purchase and i pay it off today!
I will take my business elsewhere art and i hope your boss edwin is very proud of you.
Had been with state farm (bill johnson) for probably close to ten years (did change over this issue).
Have never filed an auto or home claim in over 20 years.
Had an issue that really involved "state farm corporate".
Bill stepped up to the plate and handled the issue himself.
State farm is there to make money for their shareholders, bill johnson is your good neighbor!
Arrogant people, came here with flip flops regular clothes.
Got the looks from this guy that i dont belong here.
I bet his bank account is probably overdraft from buying fancy suits with a receptionist job.
They greet every person that comes to the door.
Chad helped me out on getting a new gun today he was very polite and knowledgeable.
They also had the best prices around.
Best pawnshop in tempe hands down.
That's the kinda of relationship i am looking for in an insurance agent.
Then i meet nikki bott and her team.
The service they provide is above and beyond !
Ashley was super helpful and now i have a great gift for my little nephew's future.
They closed the drive through service and permanently closed all but 3 of their service windows inside.
Slow slow slow service.
If you come in to see a banker, expect a 20 minute wait.
In fact there is a nice wells fargo right around the corner with much faster service.
Orking with them was the worst experience i have ever had.
I have a car loan with them and my car was totaled.
They couldn't even wait on the 500 that i owed them.
They reported to the credit union 60 days late on my payment, which ruined my credit.
He was so rude to me that it made me cry.
Never have i been treated so poorly.
And for the record there rates are not even close to being competitive with other companies that i have shopped.
This ordeal had dropped my score 60 points and i am trying to look for another vehicle.
They try to up sell every person that come in the bank.
The bank manager comes out and helps when there is 8 people in line.
Of all the big banks i've used in the past, none can compare with us bank in las vegas.
They treated me like an old friend when i came in to open a new account, in my new city.
They went out of their way to work with my illinois bank.
I come to this location almost everyday with work deposits and personal.
They never have me waiting long and great customer service.
I read other reviews for this bank and i have had nothing but great experiences.
I only come to this location!
This visit was like day and night.
I was greeted right away and only waited for an rm (chesaney) for about 5 mins.
I was in and out in no time.
I was really impressed with the customer service that this branch gave.
All of the staff were friendly and professional.
I will definitely come back to this branch for my banking needs.
My need to actually visit the bank is rare, as i have direct deposit and seldom use cash.
When i have visited this location, the inside always seems to be pretty busy.
But on friday they had all 4 desks open with tellers, so the line moved along quickly.
Still waiting for my money.
Spoke with manager named robin and she was rude, lied to me, and basically told me to go somewhere else.
I asked her if i could speak with her boss and she said she reports to no one.
Avoid this bank to avoid unnecessary headaches!
After 12 years in real estate.
Finally found a company that knows your name.
Cares about your business best customer service
In terms of time, thee worst!!
It doesn't matter if you're in the drive-thru or inside... you can easily spend 30-45 minutes waiting in line!!
The staff is friendly and always eager to help, but the wait time is ridiculous!
Short lines, quick service, ample parking.
Too bad it's not in my neck of the woods.
I don't think there is a single bank that i've had more issues with than bank of nevada.
Their website is complete crap that resembles something a ccsn computer science freshman would design.
They post "real time" so you never truly know what your balance is at any given time.
They decide when they will put an ach through and play around with your money.
One hour your balance could be $1100 and two hours late you're at $200.
My husband has his business account here so i went along with switching our personal account too.
I could keep going on but it will just be a rant.
If you want to avoid frustrations, stay far far away.
She was very dry and not very helpful.
Easy drive thru, never really backed up.
Tellers are quick and efficient
Bankers think their doctors.
Must have an appointment in order to talk to someone about your own money.
Wait time is an hour and more!
Managers think they are far superior to the people they serve ( their customers) .
This location has the best customer service!!!
I went in today 2/13/18 at 3:00 pm and yesmenia, a spanish lady, was very friendly and helpful.
She walked me outside and personally showed me how to deposit cash in the atm.
Samantha and the other woman working were also very helpful and friendly.
If rude and indifferent is what your looking for, this banks for you!
Customer service doesn't exist.
Blonde teller in particular, truly acts as she's doing you a favor by taking your deposit.
Will be taking my money some where that we will be appreciated,  or at the very least smiled at!
I don't bank here, fortunately, but am forced in once a month as my landlord has his account here.
At this rate, february's rent will be due by the time i get to the teller.
Walked in here to try and open a bank account with them.
Waited for an hour and nobody helped me out.
I was there before another lady and she got helped first.
Go to a different location this one sucks.
Aw well, guess we learned the hard way and won't consider this place again.
Everyone here is so nice!
The branch is extremely clean, even by bank standards, and even when they're busy it's relatively quiet.
They also have two drive up atms and one walk up atm as well.
This need to stop they are trying to make us get bank accounts and that's not right
The staff at this location is rude, lazy, unhelpful and very inconsiderate of its customers time.
Atms didn't work so i couldn't just go out to one of their two atms to make my transaction.
Spent 20 minutes and in the end had to go to another branch.
I will be closing my b of a account of 15 years and directing all future banking to wells fargo.
In general, all wells fargo tellers are friendly and helpful.
The personal bankers here are fine too.
I have only had two problems worth mentioning.
The first was the branch manager, who just seemed too busy and stressed out.
Since i rarely have to deal with managers in a bank, i'll hardly hold that against them.
More often than not, i'm just using the drive through atm.
When she called me later to tell me i'd left it, she insinuated it was my fault for being forgetful.
I'll split that blame down the middle.
Joy estes state farm agency in scottsdale is one of the best insurance agents you could ask for.
From insurance to financial advising, their team is very knowledgeable and helpful.
Bonus-the place looks awesome, such a professional but fun atmosphere!
Dropped by to grab some cash for a trip on monday.
They have me my tens and fives,quickly.
Carmi heard i was leaving the country and offered to set my country codes on the spot.
Whether my issue is big or small they can fix it.
Even if its a flurry of deposits they are so nice and quick.
I love this branch
This bank or branch is horrible....you have 1 teller in line with 6 or 7 people in line.
She had been saying that for 5 minutes before i decided to leave.
It's noon and you have 1 teller on duty?
Just needed to stop at a bank because i needed change for $3.00.
To my surprise i was informed that since i don't have an account there i had to show an i.d.
And a credit card!
I don't have any major credit cards so i had to show my social security card.
All just to get change for $3.00.
Do not sell here...
I have come here several times with various items and they do a good job robbing customers...
Diana is the best!
I was in complete panic mode and diana made the process so much better.
I was completely calm and felt 100% sure that she was going to help me fix the issue.
Not a good day but diana for sure made it easier.
Opened a business checking account.
Humberto yee flores, jr has taken great care of me.
Deposited a check on friday where they were going to hold the funds for 3 days.
Humberto call the issuing bank and verified funds to have the proceeds released immediately.
Catherine flockton is the most amazing member service specialist ever ever ever!!!
She went above and beyond in getting me my check on time.
She made it her business to know me and know my business.
This place is highly recommend in my book.
This was the worst experience i have ever had!!
He said ok .. you need a account here to do that ....
Then i got even more upset ...
The tellers were laughing at him ..
I said well i am also but you are a jack ass!!
Stay away from this bank as they lie and steal your information!!!
Wow no wonder why no one banks with them!
I reached out to sfm through an online ad for a home purchase in texas.
My interaction with the loan officer was good.
He was returning my call and answering my questions well.
The seller walked off the table and we started to look again.
How was i to know i had to update?
I filled the form once for my creditworthy, and then i sent you renewed documents.
The loan office was fully aware of my situation as i had kept him up to date with what's happening.
What else can i do?
You are making money of my business and your service should include to check these things.
I am no mortgage pro or know least about this.
The loan office put his hands up saying its their fault and there is nothing they can do about it.
What about your internal control mechanism?
What about internal audits especially when we are talking about money here?
Ten days and you wait for me to call you and ask what's the status of my loan?
I never got a straight answer for this.
In the mean time, us elections results came and interest rates spiked.
I was looking at rates about 4.00 %.
The loan officer convinced me to wait for a few days until thanksgiving for the rates to come down.
By this time i was just a week ten days from closing.
I could have not walked away and i was stuck with this company.
I sent a note to rowe nelson, ceo of the company and explained my situation with email trails.
I had no choice but to take it.
(i was closing in about ten days)  my take on this lender is this.
Its 50 - 50.
You get a good loan office, you are safe.
If you get a poor loan office you can go through some stressful periods.
I appreciate the ceo and the effort he put in to resolve my case.
At least one person there cares for the company.
The only reason i am giving two stars is because of the ceo's responsiveness.
I wish them & the business best, but they need to beef up their internal controls.
Messaged over yelp, quick response and good customer service.
We agreed to a set amount each month plus the percentage from the cards that i processed.
I told them i was a new business and that i didn't process cards but rarely if at all.
However they said it would only be $5 per month and then the percentages.
I figured this wasn't so bad until they kept taking $30 out of my account every month.
Months later i got a letter in the mail saying i owed them eight hundred and some change.
I gave them a call and mary betzold was busy so they said she would give me a call back.
I agreed and next thing i knew i never got a call back except from a collection agency.
All for a company that i never used.
I feel tricked but it sounds like they do it a  lot to all the small business guys.
Tons of hidden fees...
I would steer wayy clear of this company.
No matter how busy they are.
Lots of workers/bankers chatting or standing around but one teller.
Great customer service and the wait is not to long.
Advise to go midmorning or late afternoon.
This branch is simply sub-par...through no fault of their own the design is simply ridiculous and no tellers in sight.
Updated as of 8.21.15.
Thanks for nothing store manager jaini jariwala.
Backstory: wells fargo doesn't fully disclose currency exchange rates.
They call it commentary but it's not.
I was told by corp to ask for the branch manager and explain the situation.
Instead of listening jaini gabe me the old "policy' answer and said she couldn't hrmp.
You know you have the right spot when they don't blow you off!
This has got to be the worst for customer service.
Everytime i go there i hate it.
Even though there are three reps.
The other will always act busy and will not help no matter how many people start piling in.
Terrible service from the henderson office.
Late on the closing due to their own errors.
Never got the payoff from the seller's lender until it was already late on close.
Never communicated with the buyer's agent, not even a courtesy to give a status after they screwed everything up.
Never owned up to their mistakes.
Service just got worse after that.
Vp had to be contacted by the lender to get things done.
Just terrible when home buying is stressful anyway.
That was almost 10 years ago when they actually cared about their customers.
I bank with this location for my job and not for myself anymore it's that bad.
I drive 15 minutes out of my way to go to the location i like.
This one is literally .3 miles away from where i live.
That's how bad it is.
Pay attention, business accounts newly in the area.
They have 1 business line and usually 3 non business open on average.
If they don't have a business customer in line, they'll take their non business accounts at the business window.
No problem, that's great.
The non business lines don't have suitable change for businesses.
I don't get much in change!!!
Not even if i don't need change, they won't take me or any other business people.
And i can't do that anymore.
To a different bank.
Al because of one location and how they treat their customers.
Loved this spot 5+ years ago but now it doesn't even deserve the 1.5 star they have on here.
I have banked through credit unions in one way or another my whole life.
This desert schools makes me want to never do business with one again.
Calling them worthless would be a compliment.
Absolutely atrocious would be a better description.
Not only is the staff rude and not inviting, but incompetent too.
I received a delinquent notice from them on my car loan.
I also had the receipt.
That she couldn't do anything and heard this all the time.
I have never made a late payment.
I lost it and and told her to figure it out because this is not my problem.
I am not an angry, rude or malicious customer.
But don't call me liar and tell me to fix something that your pathetic company did.
These people are always very helpful and always friendly.
I have never had any problems that they can't solve.
Very happy with my decision to switch to them.
Just tried to deposit cash into a friends account and they don't accept cash as a deposit.
Chase is still one of the worst banks ever.
The rate was the best in my area and they had the amount i was looking for on hand.
Rate was about 0.5% better than the banks.
Usually during the mornings it's not that busy.
There's usually 2 teller and couple of offices with people in them.
Very quiet most of the time.
Every time i visit they are very friendly and personable.
Customer service is a big plus for me here.
I don't have any account with them so i'm not too sure about how their products are.
Branch is clean and neat.
Mantengase alejado de esta atm!
Great customer service... and even better rates on our truck payment....
This used to be my favorite branch to go to.
When i would come in the tellers knew who i was and would talk with me.
Now they have changed all the tellers.
No one makes you feel welcomed or valued.
I have been going through a situation where they sent my new debit card to the wrong address.
They said they would put a rush on my new card to arrive at this branch.
I was told it should be there 2 days ago.
I called, hadn't arrived.
When i explained the situation to the lady on the phone she got pissy and started giving me attitude.
Then she tried telling me the card was going to a different location.
Also the lady on the phone told me they had not gotten their mail yet.
This location is unhelpful, rude, disrespectful, they don't care about their customers, and are liars.
After i get my card i am never going back to this branch.
Dumbest process of any bank i've ever been to.
When i finally got to the atm machine, the screen read that it was "not currently accepting deposits."
This is the second time i have experienced this at this location.
Getting in and out of the parking lot here is also a pain because of its location.
I probably won't be going back here anymore.
Everything is via my mobile app.
This chase bank was easily the slowest i've ever experienced.
There were two tellers when i showed up, both busy, so no issue i was fine to wait.
When the female teller finished with her customer i expected to go next, i didn't.... because she just left.
I'll go to a different chase closer to my house next time.
They will not exchange dollars for foreign currency unless you have open accounts.
Do you really need 5 people standing behind the counter while only one person is at a teller window.
Check out the attached picture.
20 people in line at 10:30am on a wed.
I am glad i don't use this as my primary bank.
Just here to deposit a check for the landlord.
Jesus this place is awful.
So incredibly slow working people.
Made me wait in the drive thru way 13 minutes.
All i wanted was (1) check cashed for $100.
4 cars were serviced before i got my money in the far lane!
District market hunnington bank puts this branch to shame!!
I would rather drive to park road or south blvd.
Instead, she directs me to the atm right next to her.
On the bright side, at least the machine didn't roll its eyes.
So that said - i had nothing but good experiences dealing with the atms and drive-thru at this location.
But the one and only time i step foot into the bank - that's when the issues started.
Not one, not two, but three miserable problems in one visit.
We sit, wait ten minutes, a manager then walks over and asks us what we were waiting for.
I tell her what we wanted.
She vanishes, then states that they only do conversions until two pm.
Simply, "i didn't know.
Get back in line."
The manager on rainbow and cheyenne apologized on her behalf and they took care of us in twenty.
Take that, rancho and craig!
Carolyn and nancy are inable to fix issues yet they want to refer you again!
I got promises and nothing was ever adjusted---just another "we're sorry"...yadda yadda  save yourself!!!!!!
Steve's office staff was friendly, accommodating and went above and beyond with some of the requests we had.
They were able to transfer everything from ca and get us up and running here in il in no time.
Super impressed with the professionalism but also with the warmness.
You won't feel like a number here.
Double check your deposit and your cash.
I have received counterfeit money and my deposits were short a few times once you leave they won't help you.
It took 40 minutes wait just to make a deposit .
Very short staff for a monday business hr.
Avoid the inside for business transactions.
The teller has a separate window and line but they seem to take everyone at that window.
It is very frustrating at this branch.
They used to staple my receipts and thats over.
The drive thru is better.
People notice the little things.
Rusty was absolutely top notch!
We closed escrow in less than 30 days - during the holidays!
Thanks to rusty's professionalism, knowledge and experience we will be in our new home for christmas.
Can't thank him enough.
He is very easy to work with.
He didn't go back and forth like other lenders asking for a page a day.
Very organized manner of running business which made the whole process run very smoothly.
We've been through 3 purchases now, and about 4 refis and none ever ran this smoothly.
Will definitely come back to rusty if i purchase or refi again.
I your a bank.
Your in the business of money.
Came in with a friend.
Who has an account.
She was making a deposit.
I needed to change out a 100 dollar bill for some 10 dollar bills.
They wouldn't do it for me because i don't have an account.
I can go to circle k and they will do this.
They're not even a bank.
I bank through wells fargo they have never asked me for my account info just for change.
Do yourself a favor and bank with someone else.
Well that was ridiculous really.
A friday night a long line and two tellers?
A business banking sign.
A two way door for merchants but she tells me to get on line with everyone else.
She says we don't do separate business banking.
Then take the sign down.
That would be logical don't you think?
She tells me i can use the drive thru.
The teller than tells me there is a discrepancy with my deposit.
Nothing i can do and i have to take his word for it.
I cannot see into the glass window like i could have had i been at the merchant window.
So not happy right now.
As far a chases go- not impressed.
No drive up atm... and it's a sketchy neighborhood so you don't even want to get out of your car...
This location is hit or miss in many ways.
Sometimes this location is open during normal hours and sometimes they are just randomly closed.
Sometimes the employees are rude and sometimes they're nice.
I've had them forget to send back my debit card 2 times.
Then just yesterday i had a very pleasant teller who was very efficient.
So take your chances.
What a horrible branch.
They will only have one person to help you and that person is now trained to always upsell.
If they don't, you get tag teamed in line by there new salesman.
B of a has definitely changed and not for the be   update: absolute horrible customer service.
18 min waiting with one cashier.
Go to another b of a.
The staff is very helpful and courteous.
Other than that, it is a very nice bank!
The parking is ample and it is convenient.
Don't even want to give this branch one star.
Their continued reduction in employee staff places an unfair burden on the remaining unfortunate few.
This of course is just the continuing trend to get out of the consumer banking business.
This bank continues to solicit me to transfer a cd to them; methinks not.
As anyone who follows my reviews is aware, i assess all reviewed merchants for mobility access.
This branch gets one star here also; outside doors almost impossible to enter with wheelchair or walker.
A least in my wheelchair, the door bangs on the wheelchair.
Whereas other banks, and credit unions, seem to be serious about consumer banking; chase is moving in the opposite direction.
Far be it for me to impede their march.
I'm definitely pretty sure most people get paid on a biweekly friday sort of thing... now i'm no expert.
They give you and everyone personalized service that you just don't get anywhere else.
I feel like they are all my friends and family.
Investing in this company has worked out for me, my daughter, and two sons.
We have been with them for over 30 years.
I highly recommend this banking institution to all of you and your family members.
I contacted blue brick financial after hearing their radio spot on 92.3 ktar.
At the time i was in process of a refinance with another lender that wasn't going very well.
They were friendly, professional, and provided feedback and communication almost as fast as i ask questions or provided information.
I would highly recommend blue brick financial with no hesitation.
I will use them again when the opportunity presents itself.
Sitting here since 3:32 now is 4:15 and i think it's still going to be a while.
One banker available for this branch?
Bad parking, lousy service, and a little bit of snow causes them to close on a friday.
If they are calling for snow you had better get everything you need from this bank before a flake falls.
Dunkin' donuts was open and all of the stores around this bank were open.
This is the first time i've ever known of a bank closing because of the little bit of snow.
Especially on a friday
Ignored for 20 minutes for a notary.
They had one notary there and i was ignored as he took care of other customers in front of me!!
The chase representatives (every single one of them) at this location are very personable, professional, warm and extremely helpful.
I greatly appreciate this branch does not have the bulletproof glass-period.
I won't bother going anywhere else.
Been here a couple times and never had a problem.
Very nice banking center and the staff is great!
He helped me change my address over and things when i first moved here.
Really funny and polite man.
Absurd how antiquated payment process is.
Do not get any loans thru these people!
I haven't had checks in years!
The only other option is to pay a few days and have your bank send a check.
Sometimes you need alternatives.
My bank's system went down and alerted me my payment won't be sent on time this month.
It's just crazy that they can't accept a payment until monday during the workday.
Get with the times!!!
Looking for someone to buy out my loan.
Way too frustrating to go thru so much effort just to pay a bill.
This has to be one of the slowest location i've ever been to.
Stood in line for 15-20 minutes and at the window for another 10 minutes.
Avoid this place if you have other locations near you.
Next to the fwy !!
Great staff and friendly!!
I love going to this wells fargo branch because of the amazing, kind, trustworthy staff.
The manager, jesse obispo, is welcoming, knowledgeable, and always available to help with any needs i might have.
His staff is a clear reflection of him...they follow his lead in always putting the customer first.
What a great experience every time i walk through the door!
If i could give zero stars i would.
So incredibly slow every single time.
Drive thru people do not know how to multi task at all.
It sucks that this location is the closest to my house.
I am so glad my mom referred me to truwest.
From the tempe office to scottsdale to phoenix they are consistent with their great customer service.
They gave me a great deal on my auto loan and took care of everything for me.
So far i have had nothing but a positive experience with truwest and am glad i discovered them!
I would recommend them if you're looking for better banking or even an auto loan.
They are a great credit union and have been around for a long time here in arizona.
I've been with most of the big banks and i can't say that i regret leaving them at all.
Chase's response was that there was nothing they could do to stop it.
I couldn't get the hell out of dodge quick enough, and transferred my business banking to midfirst.
Only a few months later, my wife transferred over our family accounts as well.
The staff is friendly, it almost feels like my own personal bank the way you get greeted.
Chase-ing away new customers should be their tag line.
The wait time and customer service is horrible!!!!
I would avoid this location at all costs.
I am so happy i found this office!
I get the best service and adam is always available when i need him.
It's so refreshing to have an insurance agent that truly cares.
This bank does not accept cash deposits!
What kind of a bank doesn't allow you to deposit a 20 dollar bill!!!
The service was great and the floor space wasn't ghetto at all!
The banker even suggested services for me that i would benefit from.
The girl at the front was nice but the manager was disheveled in appearance and unfriendly
I came here on saturday at 3:45 for the sole purpose they are supposed to be open until 4pm.
All the lights off and not a single person to be seen.
Don't trust this branch hours.
This branch is a complete joke.
The atm is "temporarily" out of service at least 3 times a week.
It's very frustrating always coming here and then having to find another branch.
This has probably been the worst bank experience i've ever had.
Mr. allison was horrible when handling any issues.
We went to withdraw money and the machine did not give money out.
Do not get a car loan from this company.
They do not work with you at all.
My husband and i have tried over and over again to get assistance but with no luck.
Since we have tried to get assistance, they have taken our car with no warning and unable to help.
They have even sent people to our home without even trying to get a hold of us.
We tried very hard to work with them and they don't have have any respect.
My husband is a disabled veteran and they don't care.
I will not not recommend this credit union to anyone.
Kari phillips was my loan officer and she was fantastic.
Never had one issue and she always returned my emails and phone calls promptly.
These people have no idea how what customer service means.
Go home and get another form of id.
Always fast & friendly!
Their customer service is top-notch and they get you in and out in a heartbeat.
I've gone a few times on my lunchbreaks from work and have received nothing short of awesome service each time.
Their tellers are always helpful, happy, and even crack a joke or two time and again.
Thank you for the great service, bbva compass!
Keep up the awesome work!
Horrible experience from start to finish!
Look out, no one will take responsibility for any problems, or mistakes!
We had our refinance done through them and it was a nightmare from day one!
Now there was an over payment in our taxes and they many not refund our money!!!!
It was money we had to bring to closing and now they want to keep it?????????????
Do not use this company!
Awesome service, extremely nice people!
Very clean and organized, will highly recommend to others!
Very refreshing to be treated well under the circumstances of borrowing against jewelry!
You don't have to be ukrainian to use buduchnist, but it helps.
They support local ukrainian organizations and schools, incidentally.
Wow- just wow- i've never had a customer service rep at a bank literally laugh at a question.
Came in , in need of assistance was pretty fast .
Nice guy thank you for your help josh.
I went to interchange currency exchange to get gbp for my trip to london.
I talked to customer service - they said it was because knightsbridge fx has a lower rate for non-cash (i.e.
Bank to bank) transfers; not for cash-to-cash transfers.
Would likely go again.
They kindly also provided me with a mix of 50s/20s/10s/5s for ease of convenience while travelling.
We have to bank with wells fargo as that is where our accounts are for work.
We get change and make deposits daily.
This particular branch is not being ran well on saturdays.
Then the overflow goes into the normal teller line.
Today i stood in line for 20 mins waiting to deposit money and get change.
As i was exchanging foreign currency for foreign currency they had to convert to cdn first.
No problem i realize i'm going to lose a bit on that but it shouldn't be too great.
They exchanged the bills for cdn and then the issue started.
They wanted to charge me a service charge for exchanging some traveler's cheques.
And not just a minor percentage either but 10%.
So it would have literally cost me $25.00 cdn to get this transaction done.
The clerk simply said, "it's company policy" and wouldn't move on that.
On the whole, i came out $15.00 ahead by using my bank.
So no thanks ice.
This us bank location is one of my favorite location of all.
The staff always greets you and always smiles.
Since i always come to this location, they actually know my name.
Plus, the line is always short and probably wait about 3 minutes or less.
I would recommend coming to this location.
Opened a business checking acct over a month ago and it has only given me issues.
Called the 1-800 and the branch to be circled back and forth.
Natasha malkin was the one assisting me every time i had to come inside the branch.
She did take full ownership; however, it does not make up for the month long problems with this card.
I tried to send a complaint but they refused to take it, so i'll just go online to find it.
Furthermore, i will be taking my business elsewhere.
I can't imagine why anyone in boulder city would choose to conduct their banking anywhere else?
The dam credit union is so very civic minded and has amazing rates for their members.
Staff is friendly and one may always see neighbors and friends when you're inside as well as outside the lobby.
It's a community minded facility which has been an integral part of our loving living in boulder city.
This new manager " white "  or whatever he is .
Needs to go !
Needs to get fired or whatever it takes to get get him out .
He is absolutely rude has no customer service whatsoever !
Yelp really needs to give people the option to leave no stars.
Absolutely terrible experience at this bank.
I have never been ran around in more circles, or lied to so much by a company in my life.
Wells fargo deserves no 5 star rating.
The company itself that transcends the employees has ruined it for all.
Countless lawsuits, transaction stacking to incur overdraft fees and now the latest scam literally, future charging of overdrafts fees!
Never before seen until now!
This after ditching free checking because congress had to legislate against them concerning debit card charges!
B rating at bbb and past present and future lawsuits because of g-r-e-e-d.
Couple this with the worst customer service rating in the business and you have.....wells fargo!
Bankers were not helpful at all.
Told me they would just call the number on the back of the card, which i could do myself.
Great hours, great services, great location,  24 hour grace period, hassle free checking, no hidden fees.
Plan on waiting 15 mins minimum in the lobby or drive through on saturday.
Worst customer service i've encountered !!!
Never do business with this credit union again !!
So then i decided to go to the complaint dept online and they call it the hissing kitty.
So im thinking that when you are complaing they think its a joke.
My hard earned money will now be with a small credit union.
The staff was helpful and friendly.
Inside is beauuutiful, clean and modern.
Drive-through atms     probably because it just opened, it has been quite empty the two times i've been here.
Got helped right away.
Good service, drive through and in door lines move quickly.
Hey afcu if you are hiring i'd be more than happy to work for you to improve this mess!
They gave me a better rate than the bank would, also better than the place in the eaton center.
They even had costa rican currency in stock, which a standard bank requires ordering in advance.
Staff have been friendly even when i get overly specific regarding the denominations of bills i'm looking for.
I have had the most frustrating time getting my auto loan processed.
Put in an application with one person, cory, he was "unavailable" all day with my questions.
Called 6 different times and got three other people april, kay and jazmine.
April and kat were super helpful.
Said i could get things expedited because of extraneous circumstances.
Then jazmine said i could not at 530 on the day before i needed to sign for the loan.
Then finally i got in touch with cory and he said it was not possible.
I'm just so frustrated that it was handled this way.
Will not be using or recommending them in the future.
Went in here last wednesday to deposit a check for my fiance.
It doesn't end there though!
Wtf is this maddness?
Wonder if you would tell my grandpa the same story.
It feels like a thrift store now...
These guys sell nothing int he store worth anything.
They sell used tools, computers, guitars, dvd's, paintings and scrap gold, little tiny worthless pieces.
Not to mention, that all of this stuff that they do have is all busted up and broken.... straight up.
It's all the stuff they can't sell online or it's not worth it...
The place is a joke to go into too.
No nice jewelery, because they sell it all online....
They are jden to the core.
Look to capitalize off of people who are down and out and buy their stuff dirt cheap....
However, has no problem re-selling everything at full retail price, giving no breaks on anything.
This place is an obamanation just like the rest of america.
All pawn shops are ghetto and use the same ideas...
They sell stuff on ebay and base prices from ebay as well.
Why sell or buy anything here when you can do what they do...  ebay.....
Ask where they sell their stuff worth real coin.
Ebay  its all about ebay and they can care less selling in store...
The stores are only there to buy your ahit for nothing... live off of others failure and offer nothing back.
I hate this place.
Its a scam and thrifty as hell.
Pawn shopping is no fun anymore:/
Reviewer #9  my first time traveling to arizona!!!
Now that we got that out of the way!
Things to do: * grand canyon (my favorite part of my trip!)
Please don't come to az without doing this!
Because in california that is definitely hard to find out here!
* social tap (perfect for nightlife and where else can you get a great bar and food joint?
* dillons kc bbq * majerle's sports grill  shopping: * tons of boutique stores!
(thank me later) have a wonderful time in az because i sure did!
Everyone is nice and the weather (although it's hot) it's a great place to be!
Until next time arizona!
On 7/7/2018 i had 7 fraudulent charges on my account.
I called and talked to the fraud department.
My card was shut down immediately and we reviewed all transactions for the past 4 days.
All of the fraud was on that date.
My address was confirmed.
On 7/17/2018, i still had not gotten my replacement card.
I still did not have a card on 7/19 and had stuff that were on an autopay.
So i called in again and was told that no card was ever sent!
I let him know that i should not be paying for being lied to on more than one occasion.
I opted to just use my charge and will be opening an account at another bank.
They have been  my bank for many years.
Wells fargo has always been awesome with me and my accounts and questions i have.
I could not believe how terrible this store is.
So i take it back in a week later with a few other items and they say $65 for everything.
I could not believe it, they said well maybe you should have taken it at that time.
They were selling a used play station in there for $450.
I will never recommend this place.
Longest lines ever 2 tellers and 2 ppl greeting ??
With 3 bankers sitting at empty desks
My rates seem to go up every 6 months, with an answer of "that's what happens".
I lower coverage and they go up again.
Soon i'll be paying state farm for having zero coverage on my car.
When i call to get an answer, no one is available to take a call.
After a month of calling, email, and leaving messages, i'm still waiting to talk to my agent.
Find a different agent.
In fact, try a different insurance company all together.
Paying a bill should never be this difficult.
We have been with this company for about 10 months.
We have lost money with them every month due to bad programming, bad billing and straight out misinformation.
I was told he would call the owner immediately.
When i called back five hours later i got an attitude from nancy saying he already called the owner.
I said i don't think so.
Hmmmm heard that before.
That was 30 minutes ago.
I closed my credit card and then it would not allow me to make a payment online.
I called the company, and after typing in several identifiers i was bounced between three people before being cut off.
Desert schools is run like a pirate den.
They will attempt to take your money for no reason.
They have very high service charge fees for using their checkings accounts.
They will charge an absurd amount for overdraft fees.
Don't trust this institution with your money!
Occasionally, i find myself inside a branch and this particular branch definitely made it a good experience.
As soon as i walk in the door, i was greeted by a sweet staff member.
This branch is conspicuously newer and the walls are still slightly out gasing the fresh paint smell.
There was no line and i was immediately served by one of the tellers.
Easy transaction, teller was very skilled and fast.
Don't bank at wells fargo at all!
Worst bank to bank with.
Came in to close an account and the next day i got an overdraft fee for withdrawing my own money!
Had to come back the next day  and waste my time because had to fix this.
Only credit i can give is they refunded the overdraft fee.
I guess they haven't re-established in 2018 like their new slogan
Twyla at crosscountry is undoubtedly one of the best in the business.
I went to her needing to fund an investment property purchase that happened to be a short sale.
I was so glad to have found twyla.
Pretty impressive as all the back and forth document requests can eat up a lot of time.
I literally could have closed in over two weeks but i was waiting for a good time to lock rates.
We ended up closing in 3 weeks!
They also have very competitive rates and fees.
Worst customer service ever!
Spoke with a rep over the phone and asked that i be transferred to a supervisor.
My husband and i will be closing all of our accounts and refinancing our auto loan to a different cu.
We went to apply for a car loan five days ago.
The teller encouraged us to apply online or by telephone.
So we went home and did just that.
What a fantastic service!
We were approved within minutes.
So we went in this morning (saturday) and sheila took very good care of us.
Thank  you for the fantastic service!
Highly recommend dustin as your go to teller !
He is very personable and always gets the job done fast !
He deserves a raise !
I am getting incessant calls from this company.
Opened a bank account with a rude financial services advisor.
Spoke with a teller who was misinformed about checking account details and gave me false information.
A month or two later, tried to close my account and was denied by the teller and the manager.
They  treated me like a suspicious individual and questioned the transactions on my account, which i had legitimate reasons for.
They said it would cost me $20 to close the account.
I went to another cibc and got that $20 fee wavied and account closed with no hassle.
Ive gone through a few hardships over the years.
The people here always make me feel like i'm an important person, especialy rosie.
No matter when i call her.
She always gets back to me right away.
Rosie will always go above and beyond for you.
After researching many mortgage companies i came across rusty froats reviews and was really impressed.
We used him for our mortgage loan.
He was very knowledgeable and got things done rapidly.
We are self-employed and our scenario was a little more complicated so we wanted to use someone who was experienced.
There were no delays nor issues everything was executed as planned.
We highly recommend rusty for any loan needs he is very honest, hard-worker and most importantly he gets things done.
I've never been to arizona.
It's raining right now, but it's supposed to be a desert.
Like, that's just wrong.
Being nothing but sad deserts is kinda supposed to be arizona's thing, right?
I've never been to arizona.
I'm never planning on going to arizona.
I've heard okay things about the iced tea, but less than okay things about the state.
As much as i love cacti and succulents.
I'm just mad that katie lives here.
It's really far away from me.
I would give zero stars if i could.
What an amazing experience!
The tellers were kind, willing to help, and fun to chat with.
I strongly advice this branch to any chase customer!
Thank you to the tellers who helped today, you were tremendous!
Dsfcu was one of the worst banking experience i have had in my life.
Fees fees and more fees.
If i spend money on my debit card the transactions can go thru immediately but deposits...good luck.
Had several overdraft fees with them because of the way the deposits are delayed.
Worst bank i have ever had.
We checked in and the lady at the front greeted us with a smile and a positive attitude.
The branch was pretty vacant when we got there too but quickly got busier.
We had a bit of a wait (15-20 minutes) but we had a really pleasant experience with ling.
She was friendly, helpful, and informative.
Hopefully, other people will be able to have a positive experience like we did.
Cecil made the loan process a breeze!
The special they have on personal loans at 7.9% can really not be beat.
That is what brought me in after being referred to them for a personal loan.
The customer service couldn't have been better!
I appreciate that the staff is personable but professional and even laughed at my stupid jokes.
:p   i would refer my family and friends.
After 2+yrs, i'm done.
I do not have the luxury of vast amounts of personal time to invest in constant appointments with first calgary.
7/10 times their bank machines reject my card.
10/10 times i need an appointment to ask questions about my account.
8/10 times my card is rejected by their inbranch readers.
Overall i've just had it with this bank.
Give me a break.
Sorry first calgary, i just don't have the time to coddle you along anymore.
Worst branch in phoenix - always a line as there are never enough tellers.
Manager (irma) was rude and didn't seem to acknowledge frustrated customers.
Computers go down - avoid if possible - i know i will.
Check out other reviews for confirmation.
Corporate needs to do something.
The new manager ashley will not last long.
Chase always blames all decisions on "the system".
Why have human beings if chase's system controls all decision making?
Just happy i didn't transfer every account into chase's control.
I thought nobody could be worse than bank of america but i was wrong.
Chase definitely is the worst !!
I have received a letter almost every day for the past two months from this company.
They are a great company.
Stay far far away.
I have been a member for 20 years..
I have never once bounced a check.
Never had a overdraft.
Never missed a payment on car loans.
Never missed a payment on credit card.
I have a 740 credit score.
So was i blown away they denied me a refi on my truck.
They said they could not give more credit.
This week i had surgery.
I needed some documents notorized.
My mom did it at the avoldale branch.
The tempe branch let me wait 15 minutes.
Then said they won't notorize them since they didn't draw them up.
The guy had the nerve to say "can i help you with anything else?"
Uhhhhh no you didn't help me with anything.
Then add to the fact i have had i many times where the atm is broken.
This bank has gone so far down hill over the years.
You can not reach any management.
At least at the big banks you get more locations and atm and they work!
Paid off a 2nd mortgage with wf that was connected to a pair of checking accounts.
Noticed a $30 fee coming out every month after the 2nd was paid.
I do my business banking with wf.
Banker told me that doesn't count.
Easiest solution was to close both accounts.
Bitch ass company only lives to squeeze as many fees as they can from their customers.
They are as useful as syphilis.
This is the closest bank to me and my work.
I come here a lot and i hate to actually come inside.
It's always 1 teller working.
What makes it worse is that the manager comes up and tries to smooth it over with unnecessary conversation.
I almost want to say please don't talk to me and get 3 tellers to make this visit awesome.
Went in to handle a couple of things and was greeted with exceptional customer service .
Very friendly and quick .
Banker joe , i believe, was professional and helpful .
I shouldn't wait 2 weeks to get a plastic card just to use my own money.
Half the time i go in here, the employees are complaining about customers.
I wonder if they complain about me after i leave?
Horrible location, do not go here!!
You have to pay parking $3 per half hour is only the beginning of it.
When asked for another location he said "there's a ton around here you have to look it up!"
As usual, terrible service here.
They keep trying to change management to improve but it only gets worse!
Got called up to the teller desk asking if i needed some help.
So i walked to to the desk and told him what i wanted.
He said i should wait for a teller.
Why waste my time, i walked away and he laughed.
Annoying that i had to go back in line because he couldn't help me.
Sarah and nima were completely rude!
I've been a customer at this branch for many years.
The experience was so bad, i'm literally moving all my accounts from wells fargo to another bank.
Been a customer since 2015 i love this location .
I never had a problem with this location .
The employee are very nice and willing to help.
Fast and easy, friendly customer service.
Truwest life-hack: the mornings tend to be slower traffic in the bank.
I'd recommend this bank to any family and friend.
Convenient off the 202 free way between phoenix and tempe.
I used to love this bank until the whole chip in the card thing.
I cant ever pull out any money because the machines wont take my card.
The atms are so finicky with the new chip inserts.
I always have to drive to other atms to see if my crd will work!
Finally i find one!
I have to drive way over there just to get money out!
I am seriously wanting to switch to another bank!
My husband has this same problem and we are just fed up with desert schools at this point!
Your bank is just such a hasstle to deal with.
This is so frustrating having to deal with this all the damb time!
I want to give it a no star at all!
For some reason the doors to the cash machines inside are locked after hours.
There is always a long line for the two machines outside...in the rain, snow, sidewalk traffic, noise, etc.
Very poor attitude towards customers.
I've been a member for almost 5 years now and have only good things to say about truwest!
It's almost always better to go with a credit union over a bank, and truwest is why.
Their telephone response time is far below what one could reasonably expect.
I was kept on hold for more than 45 minutes.
I haven't had a single unpleasent interaction here.
Great experience this morning.
Came down here with my fianc and real estate agent, to sign paperwork for our new home.
Temperature controlled room, they even offered water and coffee upon walking in.
After we were finnished they had fresh baked cookies on the counter.
What a pleasant experience here!
Not sure how they stay in business.
Online banking website is archaic.
Beware of hidden fees.
There is always a line at this branch....but really tho.
Friendly, knowledgeable tellers, they just need more of them.
They don't seem to staff appropriately for peak hours and days.
They are conveniently located which explains the heavy traffic.
I've always recieved amazing customer service from chase, but this location topped the cake!!
Upon entering, i was greeted by an older lady with a warm & friendly welcome.
She signed me in & while i waited, offered water & conversation.
This is a really cool feature, but made me concerned about staffing.
The real bonus was my banker, thuyvy, she was amazing!
Super nice & friendly, & i could tell she likes what she does.
Theres nothing i hate more than to go somewhere & all the employees are miserable!
Thanks ladies for the stellar customer service!
Do not use this company!
Absolutely the worst mortgage company ever.
I would give double negative stars if it was possible.
The company, loan officer (roger), loan assistant and loan processor (melisa) were a joke.
There was no communication from the loan officer.
It was almost impossible to get a response from the loan officer.
The loan processor would also mess up and send me other borrower's documentation.
Can you imagine if your confidential information was being sent to strangers?
I also left messages for the owners of the company and still have not heard anything back.
The lack of communication and professionalism is unbelievable.
I called blue brick to do a 15-yr refinance.
I submitted all the paperwork they required in a very timely manner.
It was a very easy refinance to do.
I emailed both the lo and processor several times and gave them very clear instructions.
Well the rates didn't increase and we could have locked in the rate at that time.
This process took over 3 months!!!
The loan officer's excuse was "sorry, i was too busy."
I guess he had more important things to do besides take care of his customers.
It was a complete waste of time.
They also made me miss out on a lower interest rate.
Nobody should have to go through this process.
I'm sure it can't get any worst than this.
Do yourself a favor and look somewhere else if you want to deal with an honest and reputable company.
If alex (female) is working the drive thru,  don't even bother, go inside.
I've now been sitting here 10 minutes behind the same car at the window.
Total time behind one car until my transaction complete: 20 minutes.
Outstanding, amazing always excellent customer service!
I am so glad i found them and started doing business with them.
Joy, you and your team are exceptional thank you for all that you do!
A safety deposit box is a third the price that it is at a bank.
So if you are anywhere near them i would recommend them.
What a horrible branch.
They will only have one person to help you and that person is now trained to always upsell.
If they don't, you get tag teamed in line by there new salesman.
B of a has definitely changed and not for the better.
I then asked to speak with a supervisor, and got from her more of the same.
I will be closing my account and taking my business elsewhere.
Stay away from these ahs.
This wells fargo is right behind my house, but never seems to fail me with their drive thru atm!
It's always down or cash is unavailable!
It's a huge inconvenience!
Why offer a drive up atm if it's never working for cash!!!
This needs to be fixed!
My favourite banking branch of all time.
All the staff i've met here are always incredibly friendly and helpful.
They never seem too busy to help you out or to just have a casual conversation.
Service is also very prompt whether you're making a transaction, opening up an account, etc.
They also occasionally have small drives/sales by the front desk - e.g.
Book drives, book sales, scarf sales, etc.
This is the wells fargo branch i usually visit.
It's conveniently located across the street from costco so i can get gas a cash in a one, two swipe.
It can be slow.
Good service and knowledgeable staff if you need to see one of the bank representatives in the offices there.
Such a wonderful experience.
All truwest employees are extremely welcoming, friendly, and helpful.
Geoff, the branch manager, has really gone above and beyond in helping me.
He's also answered tons and tons and emails, very quickly at that.
Don't use an agent that can't explain every part of a product that he sells.
He said he has the same policy and knows how it works.
Ok, so i asked him to show me what the percentages and yearly fees are.
He said that he would have to wait and call hq to get those figures.
I go on vacation for about 3 weeks.
I asked him if he has similar policies and he claimed that he knew how it works.
How much interest has accumulated, annual fees, interest rates, compounded interest every year, policy premiums, dividends, etc... using simple math!
He said he was sorry and embarrassed.
I told my dad to cancel all of the life insurance policies for myself, brother, and sister.
Again, don"t use an agent that can't explain a product that he sells.
Titlemax really help me out and go above and beyond when i'm bad spot great staff good people working there
As the 48th state to join the union, the landscape of this great land is varied and beautiful.
Very difficult to reach a customer service rep on bb&t banking's 888 number.
The menu keeps dumping you into an endless loop of options that never lead to a human being.
I had to call the corporate office to get info on how to bypass the system.
Much too difficult to get routine business done.
I love most everything about this credit union.
I just wish they would handle mortgages so i could move my mortgage to them.
They go above and beyond to help their customers.
These guys are idiots.
I brought in an american made g & l comanche electric guitar to get a loan on.
These guitars are $2200.00 brand new.
It was 11 years old and in amazing shape.
They wouldn't give me a loan of $500 on it!
They know nothing about musical instruments.
I would never go there again.
I've had much better luck and knowledge at any other pawn shop.
Stay far away from these guys!
Beau was helpful, patient, knowledgable, and a pleasure to work with.
They also provide amazing services and benefits.
I am so glad i opened an account with them!!
She worked tirelessly at all hours to make sure the transaction was complete quickly and painlessly on my part.
Sharon explained every step of the process and was always available to answer any questions.
Russell was very dependable and honest.
He was able to get me several options for a home loan.
If you're looking for an honest, hardworking individual you have found him.
Came here to pull out some money and asked where the restroom was located.
I was rudely advised that "we don't provide public restrooms."
I guess members of chase are screwed if you have to hit the head while waiting.
Be aware and take careful consideration when banking here.
They talked us into a car loan with them and since then have been no help
Paul t. helped me and my little sister.
We were both amazed at how he took his time to help us.
I don't even bank with wells and i'm considering it now.
Came in to cash my check but was turned away due to activity going on in my works account.
We were told to step aside and wait and that its gonna be a while.
I called my boss and she told me to call an authorized chase bank representative who was handling this situation.
I did and got ahold of him within 5 minutes.
Avoid this branch at all costs.
Every single time i come here it is like this.
Don't ever use this business if you value your money .
Twice they debited funds to a loan that didn't exist and then the tellers tries to blame it on me.
And they also screwed the sale of my vehicle by giving me false information multiple times.
They told me if i paid my loan off in cash the title would be released to me....no it wasn't.
Terrible customer service and unethical business practices !
I'll be taking this to the bbb!
As far as wells fargo goes i've never had an issue with them.
However this particular branch is completely incompetent when it comes to customer service.
They are rude, snide and could frankly give two shits about their customers.
Ive been banking wroth wells for so long and this branch had me thinking about switching all together.
I wouldn't recommend banking at this location unless you want to take the most difficult road to achieving your goals.
No one is willing to help in any way.
All they do is quote the guidelines and try to talk over you.
They need training for sure.
She's 90 years old and came into the branch because someone was trying to steal her money.
Aren't you suppose to help the elderly?
Branch manager you are lucky i wasn't with her but i'm guessing you wouldn't treat her like garbage.
She is 90 years old!
Please be reminded you might never live that old and  sure you would want someone to treat you with respect.
You completely disrespected my grandmother and made her feel less than a person.
How can chase promote this behavior?
I will continue to contact the upper management of chase or i will pull her money from chase.
You should be ashamed of yourself!!
Horrible how you treat old people.
I am so happy with the service we have from this office!
Phones are answered promptly and friendly and messages are always returned in a very timely manner!
I can't express my gratitude  enough for the great service recieved!
I would and have referred all my friends and family!
Wes friedman is as responsive, professional, thorough and fast as anyone i've dealt with in the mortgage industry.
His willingness to go above and beyond made all the difference in the world.
This is the most unprofessional bank that i've ever had the displeasure to deal with.
We called multiple times during this month and the truwest employees told us multiple lies.
The first time we called, we were told that the cards were sent out on the 8th of october.
We had to file a claim against them with bank of america in order get our money back.
This location has best best customer service!!
They really help me out in time of need.
Also there's options so can work with you i do recommend this location if you looking for title loan,
He's on top of his game.
Closes fast and on time.
No need to search elsewhere!
Fees are fair and he's all about saving his clients money.
Give you all the wrong information about there services and credit cards just to get you to sign up!
Someone should be held accountable!
This wells fargo is inside frys food store.
If you want to wait forever in line, this would be your bank!
They need to hire more tellers!
And learn how to expedite their services.
Just got back from a roadtrip through the state of arizona.
I stayed mostly near flagstaff and saw the ski resort.
I'm from louisiana so i don't see snow often and loved it.
I will say if you aren't used to high altitudes, be careful trekking up to snowbowl road.
It's at nearly 10,000 ft elevation and within about 30 minutes i was feeling light headed.
I also saw the grand canyon and man is it beautiful.
All in all, if you're thinking of taking a vacation out west i highly suggest arizona.
You won't be disappointed.
I wish all of the bbva atm softwares were updated.
It takes so long to make a transaction/deposit money because the system is so slow!
Very knowledgeable and friendly staff.
I was looking to purchase and was very pleased with the selection.
I will be back for sure.
Went in this morning to open an account with their 50/50 promo and katie was great!
The extremely rude greeter welcomed me with "the notary's day is fully booked".
Tried to explain the urgency to a second employee as well but hit myself to a brick wall again.
Interesting that both employees showed me to the notary across the street.
Maybe they have an interest having customers serviced by another company.
Didn't care much for this location.
Had an issue with chase screwing up a transaction..
They tried to blame it on the merchant.
The merchant showed me all financial statements, proving it was not their mistake.
Claim dept rep. for chase was very rude and condescending.
Chase, however, ended up stealing 500 dollars from me.
Hello bank of america
The entrance is on one side, the exit on another.
Don't go in the afternoon or you will be there forever.
Guess they didn't want our money.
Oh gosh i dread going into this place...the line is so slow always and only one or two tellers open.
Their business line is rarely open.
I now always go into the regular line.
The fake conversations they try to have with you are unbearable.
Please just do your job efficiently, tell me to have a nice day, and i'm a happy camper.
No fake long conversations please.
I received a letter in the mail.
No postmark, just "prsrt std u.s. postage paid phoenix, az permit #5488.
These two items are enough to tell you that it is spam/marking crap, otherwise, why are they being deceptive?
Guess what, if it sounds to good to be true, it is.
It will probably be a 5% loan or something crazy.
But as long as you have all your records, and several hours time, you can do it.
I've used amerisave on half a dozen refi's.
If you enter a fico score of 750 on amerisave' s website, apply, then you'll be quoted a rate.
I think this catches a lot of people and they complain.
The best bank was abn-amro.
Unfortunately, abn-amro was bought up by some crappy bank.
--- i don't know why a utah area code (801) is sending me mail in calif?
I cannot believe that i have forgotten to write this review for as long as i have.
I went through wells fargo originally to get my home loan.
I kept looking and found nothing.
I then went to rusty after talking to a few friends that went to him and was approved for more.
I'm not one to ask for an irresponsible amount.
Nor would i live outside my means.
With rusty and my realtor, they were a one two punch that landed me a home.
Not only me, but everyone that has used them as a team.
I would highly suggest going to crosscountry and talking to rusty, because his patience with me speaks highly of him.
As a new customer to compass, i've been nothing but pleased with their services and their staff at this location.
The ladies who work here are always very friendly with a smile on their face.
Since opening the account, i've visited this location on several occasion and always greeted with a friendly smile.
I accidentally left my driver's license after making a deposit and they called me right away to let me know.
I've also stopped in when they first open and they are always there to greet me with a smile.
So far, this former wells fargo banker is quite pleased with compass!
Where do i start.
We picked sfm to be our mortgage broker and the nightmare began.
Not only did we loose the house but we also lost our earnest deposit due to sfm's negligence and non-performance.
Take my advice ....go elsewhere.
The culprits in this debacle:  kari phillips carlos garcia rowe nelson
Loyal customer and haven't had any problems with this bank
I opened my account about a year & a half ago.
When i was back on track, cristal r-soltero helped get another account up and going.
She had the best customer service i've experienced in a long time.
I felt so welcome.
No stress, straight to the point.
I actually had fun.
Thank you so much!
Love this bank and this location, which says a lot because i despise the big banking system in general.
It didn't need to because of its own responsible investing policies.
Now about this location...
I highly recommend the bank and location.
The staff here is awesome!
I know all of them, and when i go in, they are quick and very personable.
They all have such a great sense of humor, and we end up laughing together the whole time!
Makes my everyday deposit a super fun time!
I really miss the us bank over by my old place of residence.
It was small, but nice and new inside, with friendly bank tellers who actually remembered who i was.
Now that this us bank is closer than that other one, i come here more often.
This place is older, and not as nice.
But i can say one constant has been the teller situation.
I had already deposited my money, but we both just got wrapped up in conversation!
I mean, that hardly ever happens nowadays!
Not much parking out front, and the atm is outside.
It creeps me out at night when i have to stop here and take out money.
I always think i'm gonna get robbed.
But other than that, this place is pretty solid.
Customer for several years.
Checking rates recently was able to save a lot.
I think the brick and mortar model is too expensive.
No customer service to make a local agent worth it.
Much better agents available i believe.
No a great experience.
This branch, it's tellers (both personal and business), as well as their atm's are far less than acceptable.
I live 30 seconds away, yet refuse to go any longer.
It's a bank, i'm never going to get ecstatic over one, but i apparently can get livid.
Go at your own risk, but make sure you have a plethora or time and patience if you do!
Went in friday september 9th.
Guy greeted me at the door and held it open for me.
Very active personnel at this location.
Easy to work with bank tellers.
Been banking with bank of america for my entire life.
We do all of our banking with boa.
I have had to do multiple wire transfers and every time, the wire fee is waived without me asking.
Today i went to do a wire and was told that i would be paying a $30 wire fee.
I asked why it wasn't being waived and they said that they don't waive them for gold members.
I'm just going to stay away from this branch.
My usual branch waives it without me ever asking because they provide good customer service.
I will stop banking with bank of america if i run into such terrible customer service at a branch again.
This was a manager.
They go the extra mile where most companies do not even care about you anymore.
I like the personal touch of a bottle of water or a cookie that they give you when your inside.
They sent out an email that members needed to change passwords.
They did not state that there was a whole new app.
It has been a nightmare this past week to use my money.
Paul mejia over heard my conversation with the teller and went above and behind my expectations!!!
He heard what happened when i was explaining everything and said sargon follow me i will take care of you!
(i didn't even ask him for help).
He got my charge waived and went out of his way to offer me a solution to my problem!
Because of that great customer service i went ahead and signed up for a credit card!
I recommend paul mejia to everyone!
Easily accessible, three drive up atms, no long lines.
Sounds like a win to me !
I have literally spent hours during several visits to try and complete very simple tasks concerning my dad's account.
He passed away this year.
They seem so incompetent.
Today, after an hour and a half, they said they wouldn't/couldn't help me.
In contrast, desert schools federal credit union helped me in less than ten minutes!!!
I wouldn't give wells fargo any stars!
We are going to go ahead and keep this one short and sweet.
Did a quick little map search and of course this location came up with some not so awesome reviews.
No luck, both tellers on the counter were very friendly and cordial to all the customers.
I drew jey and his up optimistic attitude was quite enjoyable.
Why four not five stars you ask?
Great job today gentleman at the counter!
Ok, i came for my auto loan here with debbie.
She was so patient and kind.
She gave us her email and phone to be able to contact her with questions as well.
Loved every moment of this transaction!
I will never use this company again.
They had their attorney send me letters stating it was my responsibility to pay.
When i argued with them later they came back and said they would pay $2k of it.
I think they did this so i would feel like it was a deal and pay up.
When i argued the point of title insurance and sent them proof of purchase they paid the lien in full.
Just be aware and always purchase title insurance!
What a completely negative company!!
I think robots run this banking system.
(not the specific branches, but the bank as a whole...).
First of all, i had a check get lost in the mail so i cancelled it.
3 weeks later it shows up to the branch and it gets bounced back... as it should have.
Then i deposited a check at the branch and the next week cancelled that bank account (this was my fault...
I jumped the gun - not even realizing the check was still out there...
I went to use my wells fargo card and it got declined.
"loss prevention" said that i could not get my money out of my account for 2 weeks.
When i called loss prevention i was greeted with a robot voiced woman that answered with "nope" and "yep"...
I asked if there was anything i could do to straighten this out and her answer was "nope".
I asked if i could speak to a supervisor and she said i could but it wouldn't make any difference...
I asked if i could get access to the $20k in my account and she said "nope.
Not for 10 business days".
(keep in mind i never overdrew my account).
Human error on my part (and the usps) - yes.... human interaction from wells fargo - no!
What can i say about this bank?
The cashiers are nice.
The managers never fail to say hi to you, unless they are busy with a customer.
However, i hardly go inside as i have automatic deposit set up or, i use the a.t.m.
The only problem i have with this location is exactly that, it's location.
But, it is what it is.
Will usually do the trick.
But, i have never had any problems with this bank...
So, true story: i always think for some reason this location is on s. kings.
This results in me driving around and actually thinking, did they move the bank?
This branch is convenient if you're in the metropolitan/target area just outside of uptown.
I rarely go inside this location, but the few times i've been in here the workers are all really nice.
Granted, i go during off-peak hours, but it's never really busy or a long wait.
The atm is not a drive-thru, so you do have to get out of your car to use it.
I'm always super paranoid about this and try to only visit this atm during business hours.
I watch a lot of svu and i'm pretty sure it's convinced me that i'll be kidnapped one day.
Whoever runs their social media is pretty on point.
Brands, this is how you do it.
Coffee and cookies available at the door for the homeless.
Often you are homeless when u walk in, and a homeowner when u walk out.
Constant very responsive communications were conducted.
The guys are so cool and make me feel very safe and confident with leaving my valuables here.
I recommend everybody to the american guardian!
Not doing business with them again: find out why  i got onto craigslist to purchase a planer.
Craigslist said the planer was in "excellent condition."
I contacted them and asked them if i could buy it for less than what they were advertising.
They said they would if i headed over there that day.
I went there and got the product for the reduced price.
I went home and found out that the planer did not work.
It took me about an hour of standing around and arguing until they final buckled and issued a refund.
They asked me what was wrong with it and i told them.
At this point, while a bit annoyed, i was fine.
Again, listed under "excellent condition."
Overall, i think it's a shady and hard to deal with management.
But because they chose to repost that ad and omitted any deficiencies, i will not be visiting them again.
Came here and met with rusty.
Rusty was friendly and on point.
We discussed the needs and he was able to find a program for my friend.
I thought he was very professional and his company fee's were extrememly reasonable!
If and when the time comes and i want to buy a home again, i will come here.
There are a lot of shady brokers out there and rusty isn't one of them.
I'll post an update as to how it went but for now, i'm definitely a fan!
Always goes above and beyond her expections.
I've been going to  bdcu since i was a child.
Everyone is very friendly and helpful.
The loans process is much easier here fa anywhere i've ever dealt with.
Kay is the nicest woman ice ever met!
Please if you read other negative reviews don't listen to them they clearly are not a long time bc resident.
I joined truliant years ago primarily to obtain an car loan.
The process was simple and convenient.
The location is convenient - right off of 77 at tyvola.
Also, you can make deposits for other local credit u ions here which is nice.
They are based out of winston-salem, nc, so it is great to have them in the qc.
Just the worse of the worse  already called the corporate to complain
This branch of us bank is amazing.
I must say renee has been the best ever since we started coming to the branch.
Not too mention all the staff is amazing there and willing to help.
That is customer service to its finest.
They could of turned me away but she did not despite the timing of my visit.
Awesome place to bank at.
It was nice to actually have a person who took the time to listen and understand what was going on.
Worst experience at a bank i've had.
I'm been insured here for over 2 years.
And i suggestion is "avoid this guy".
I had issue with this agent twice!
But they charged me over $30 for a policy change fee.
Second time, i've had my drive license for 3 years and should eligible for a price cut.
But they never notified me about this discount.
I was told there was a $10 fee, no big deal.
Her tone and facial expression was telling that she thought i was an idiot for explaining myself.
Got it, this is why i bank elsewhere!
I have been coming to this bank for over 6 years and never experienced a problem and not helped.
Customer service is great and i don't have to stress when i come here.
I came up to the drive thru after work to make a deposit to my moms account.
Luckily i have a debit card for it but i didn't have a car.
I walked up and rang the teller and asked if they had a walk up atm and she said no.
So your lobby closes at 5 and drive thru is the only option.
So in the 5 minutes i waited for a drive thru atm the drive thru teller had no one.
I can't deposit cash into a family members account..
They claim its to prevent money laundering.. how "f"ing stupid!!!!
But they are fine with depositing a money order...
So paying a dollar or two for a money order makes it legit.
These guys are so stupid!
Meridian may not be an underdog in the true sense but in the banking world they certainly are.
I popped in here to get a cheque certified.
When i got back he was wrapping everything up with his manager.
I was quickly out the door without any hassle.
Great friendly customer service provided even to someone who isn't a meridian customer.
2.50 transaction atm fee.
Fcus are supposed to stick together.
This wells fargo location at decatur has provided great customer service to me and my family.
Easy to get in and out, often i am attended right away.
Today i was seen by amber, who was professional and squeezed me in prior to her next appointment.
In a timely manner she was able to assist me and her next customer without delay.
However, i had previous great experience with other employees as well.
The worst financial institution that has ever existed.
I was dumped after many years of satisfactory personal and commercial banking.
They took the position that they would rather have me move a large investment account than isolate my personal exposure.
Things went downhill from there.
A track record or a relationship with this organization means nothing.
No one has any authority and people that are making decisions refuse to reveal their identities.
After 10 years i left wf.
I opened acct with a branch on the west side.
I'm a wf cust i would think any location can help.
I just closed all my accts and never went back.
This branch is slow.
Full staff but yet one teller?
Just don't make any sense.
21 people in line and one teller.
You think they would come out and help but nope
What happened to the service industry?!
It doesn't matter what business your in, you greet a client with a smile and great customer service.
Walk into this bank and the tellers stand there with the bold impression that they are better than you!
I'm not a client of boa and i know why!
To the middle eastern lady working at the teller, you need to find a job with zero people interaction!
The folks working in this branch are all great -- kind, helpful, courteous, and a pleasure to deal with.
This branch is highly recommended.
Other huntington bank branches vary widely in this respect.
The best moving experience!
We just moved from chicago to phoenix and have been state farm customers all our lives.
We originally contacted a different agent to transfer our accounts and didn't appreciate the lack of excitement for our business.
Quickly, we googled other agents and called joy's office.
Laurie barbash fortunately took our call and she wow'd us immediately.
She was caring, concerned, and eager to get to know us in the first few minutes of our call.
She made us feel so welcome and she was truly happy to bring us on board!
), but she reviewed our policies with us to assure us everything was accurate for our current needs.
Some things changed for the better!
Thank you so much joy for employing such a detail customer focused person like laurie in your business!
If nothing else, you gotta go see the office...i could get lost in there all day long!
If you have new insurance needs, changing needs, or just want to have your stuff reviewed...these guys are the best!
Thank you for welcoming us to the valley!
I know, it sounds super lazy because it's not that far to walk up to the door...
I only go there if it's during the week and it's open because sometimes there's a police officer around...
Fyi: their new location is in solon square.
My review: slow service.
Taking their sweet time.
Don't know who came first in the waiting room.
Samantha waldo assisted us today and did a marvelous job, love her professionalism.
Not to mention her great sense of humor.
Will definitely return for any banking needs.
Every time i have to use the atms in the drive thru it literally ruins my day.
This has a pretty busy atm.
Everytime i come here there is a line.
It's probably because of the location.
Right of charleston and next to costco.
Wells fargo is truly an evil bank!
They bought wachovia that was a great bank and ruined it.
Wells fargo is a bunch of criminals and should be put in jail for theft!
They have the worst customer service!
Jp morgan chase is 100x superior and i highly recommend you avoid wells fargo at all costs!
We had our auto and home policies with dawn for many years until we moved out of state.
Dawn and everyone in her office provide great service.
Our accounts and claims were always handled quickly and professionally.
This bank is a joke, after banking there for 7 yrs, i think is time to get a new bank!
Yellow pages also has 4 negative reviews.
This company may be just a "front " for an appraisal company.
The appraiser they sent came on saturday wearing shorts and very casual.
The company will tell you this appraiser was sent by the bank yet the bank rejected their own appraiser?
Dont deal with them for any of your lending needs.
You will loss money over the appraiser which i suspect , is their side business.
I love desert schools, but especially this location!
This place is the best bank i have ever been to in my entire life.
The people that work here are so friendly and helpful- i almost forgot i was at a bank.
They even let me bring my doggie in with me.
I have talked everybody i know into switching to this bank and they love it too!
I've been a member for 25+ years....and prided them on their service rather than greed.
But now, the greed has taken over.
Changed their name to desert financial...should have been a clue.
No exceptions, big fees,  and i am done with them.
I should have learned!
Not just this location, but, bofa in general is awful!
They do nothing to help anyone out anymore!
They charge more fees to those who don't make that much $$ and they don't charge those who already have!
I know some people make it a habit of having fees reversed, but i'm not one of those people.
So sick of how ugly this bank has gotten with its customers!!!
It's like they like it when shit spirals out of control!
But i'm not having it!!
I'm done with bank of america and all banks that share their ugly practices!!
This bank has okay service.
Not one of my favorite locations but if you need to grocery shop and do banking this is convenient.
I wanted to open an account.
The banker who "helped" was horrible.
Did not care and seemed like he did not want to be there.
Suddenly, 3 forms of id and a ss card are not enough to verify my identity?!
He told me, "you either need to present a piece of mail with your current address or leave."
This certain branch is a joke.
And a rude one, to boot.
I won't ever visit this branch or deal with that horrid customer "service" again.
Get your act together!
Suspicious vendors like netflix and apple itunes.
That's one loyal customer lost forever.
After sticking with you through three rounds of fraud on other cards.
And 20 minutes on the phone for you to tell me you can't close out the card.
Excellent customer service, immediate assistance as soon as i have walked in every time.
Offer free notary to anyone even if you don't have an account with wells fargo- awesome!
Handle name changes, account openings and notarizations so quickly!
I feel like home when i go to his office.
This state farm office is close to downtown henderson and they are the best.
This location is always heavily advertising their atm machines.
I'm not sure exactly why because 1/2 the time the atm machines aren't working.
They are so slow too!
Maybe have more staffing on a saturday??
How does this make any sense?
Now, i have to deal with the overages i wasn't prepared for.
This credit union is a joke and need to train their employees more thoroughly.
Walked in to open a business checking account.
I guess my business wasn't enough for you.
I had a $75,000 check to deposit and start he account.
I was very pleased with the service i received.
I have generally been pretty happy with us bank and was very satisfied with the extra time and attention.
A great credit union with good rates on loans.
They need to invest some money into making a better site for their customers.
This bank has the worse drive through service!!!
They have three drive thru lanes and only utilize one lane..really?
My family and i have been with this bank and visited this branch for a decade now.
They remember you by name and are very helpful and understanding.
I would not trust another bank.
Talking about ghetto fabulous
Avoid at all costs!
I had a terrible experience with td merchant services.
After using them for 8 years, we realized we were being over-charged, so we decided to switch to another firm.
We called td merchant services and asked for our account to be cancelled.
Since this date, our bank account has continued to be charged without our authorization.
We were also informed that there was a $300 cancellation fee if we cancelled immediately.
We opted to cancel.
I've reported the incident to the ontario attorney general's office.
I'm afraid this ends an 8 year relationship with both companies.
Worst bank ever horrible costumers service.maybe this review helps them for little bit changes
Alway a long as line...2 tellers working..3 other tellers watching!!
Drive an extra mile to the other wells fargo
This is the first time i've had continuous pleasant experiences with my insurance agent.
Mark brandon always answers my emails and returns my phone calls promptly and the office staff is so friendly!
I had previous state farm insurance with another agent and it was always difficult to talk to him.
Other companies i've had have all been difficult to deal with but not mark brandon!
I feel like i'm taken care of with him and it gives me peace of mind!
Terrible experience with this credit union!!
There is no reason the funds are being held.
They are incredibly rude and insensitive about the whole situation.
I think the common thread here is "lack of communication."
I was told many times, many different stories about how my refinance would play out.
I am not even sure this person knows what they are doing.
Do not go through with this company.
They are a mess!
Well, i only chose this place because my company chose it to do business with.
Trust me, i would of left after all the hassle i'm getting.
I confirm what the other person on here is saying about the fee.
You will be charged, for not using the atm card.
They did say that you can just check your balance once a month, and no fee so that's good.
Poor customer service skills on some of the people there.
Almost make you jump through hoops.
The website is poor, not very easy to find the login for customers.
Oh and their hours suck big time.
Only open till 3 during the week and not at all on saturdays.
This was my bank and it always depended on the time of day you went!
For the 3 hours 10am to 1pm, my wait was 20 minutes.
But,  it had plenty of employees who were very helpful and professional.
Any issue i had were only with some rude customers who held up the lines with complicated lengthy transactions.
I've been with state farm my entire adult life (a long time!)
And with joy estes for over 30 years.
You couldn't ask for a better, more helpful agent than joy and her wonderful staff.
They get an a ++ in customer service.
This branch is terrible.
The line was out the door and there was only 2 tellers working and the wait was over 30 minutes.
It seems like they know this is a problem but apparently the branch manager refused to do anything about it!!
So my son called me today.
Needs to go to the doctor might have a kidney infection.
So off i run to chase to deposit $100 cash in his account.
Seriously chase your a bank & won't take cash in hand???
Well i'm not a customer so can't.
But you can get one at any grocery store  seriously is there a camera set up.
Kept waiting for someone to jump out.
Smile your on camera, but sadly this was real life.
So disappointed by the branch manager, beau at the bank.
He put a 10 day hold on a work check because it was more then my usual amount.
He didnt think the issuing bank, national bank of az would cash it.
I used the e check, which i will never use again.
Now, i have accrued interest and late fees due on bills that would have not been.
I deposited the check july 3, it cleared national bank of az on july 5.
Tru west held my check till today, july 12th.
I just left the bank.
I am now thinking of closing my accounts.
One of my favorite ones in this area.
They make sure your taken care of as much as they can.
I opened 3 bank accounts here a few years ago.
When i bring it up they just laugh about "those fees."
I've never stepped foot in this branch since.
By far and away the worst customer service of any bank i've ever been in.
I walked in with a certified funds cashiers check i provided my drivers license and then they requested additional identification.
I have used this particular huntington branch for over a decade now, its always been a pleasurable experience during visits.
Juan lopez knows his stuff and really helps you out.
Do not pass up an opportunity to speak to this guy.
He will get you going quickly with what works best for you!
This is the most unprofessional bank that i've ever had the displeasure to deal with.
We called multiple times during this month and the truwest employees told us multiple lies.
The first time we called, we were told that the cards were sent out on the 8th of october.
We had to file a claim against them with bank of america in order get our money back.
This is by far the worst financial institution i have ever done business with.
Most recently, they misapplied a vehicle payment and put it into a savings account.
After that, they charged me a late fee even though it was their error.
It took me two telephone calls and two trips to the branch to get this corrected.
I won't not recommend them for any financial business whatsoever.
Nothing but rookies here!
Well, let me tell you, i have been banking with bofa since 1993.
This is the rudest, most ghetto branch i have ever been in.
This includes branches that i have been to that are in actual ghettos.
This review is not based on one visit, but more than 3 since it is convenient.
One visit, they wouldn't let me deposit a check because they didn't like the way it looked.
Mind you, i deposit an identical check at the branch two miles up the road every month.
Another visit, i needed to make a quick deposit.
I could say more about some other vists, but i'm getting pissed off all over again.
If i could give this crap hole a negative number, i would.
Go to the camelback and 44th st.  branch.
They have manners and know how to treat a customer.
Good service and did not wait long at all, tellers were friendly each time i visited.
I have been with truwest since i got my first job.
They are extremely nice and helpful at this location.
Ive never had any issues at all with them.
Wells fargo, tempe, has the worst customer service i have ever experienced.
I called a week ago to order foreign currency.
I leave for my trip next week, but will not go back.
They have wasted enough of my time.
The tellers are always friendly and helpful.
At times, i have noticed that other tellers don't acknowledge me, which is not cool.
If you're counting money, doing something - fine, but at least tell me that your peer will be right w/me.
I had one difficult situation last summer, however.
I was having issues withdrawing/depositing any monies.
My main c/u kept referring me back to desert schools to resolve as it was their systems issue.
I spoke w/the branch mgr a cpl of times and she never called me back when she stated she wld.
I ended up going in again in person and finally resolving the issue.
This did leave a tiny bitter taste, but i still utilize them.
I'm not a fan of banks.
Haven't been for some time, however wells fargo was recommended to me because of the credit card they offer.
I started out by opening a checking account with them.
I did everything online.
I was even able to transfer the money from my credit union account to fund it.
Once the checking account was processed and open, i applied online for a credit card.
I received a letter that i was approved, and in a little over a week received my card.
A couple times i had to call them to ask a question.
Great customer service both times!
I've used the drive-thru at this location twice now.
Both times, very nice!
Short wait times (which i hope is the norm), and very courteous staff!
I still have my credit union account, but i'm a happy new bank customer!
I hope they continue to win me over!
I have been with this credit union for many many years through many name changes.
They are always very helpful and courteous.
I like the upgrades to the atm machines..no envelopes or deposit slips adding the cash deposit is awesome.
I missed that when i closed down my other checking account with a major bank 7 years ago.
However, having to deposit checks one deposit at a time is cumbersome and annoyed me and the people behind me.
This credit union has great rates and customer service.
Opened up a cd and had a great experience.
I plan to invest more and perhaps move my checking account here.
Ive had so much trouble with boa its not even funny.
I cant' even begin to tell you... so long story short.
It should just be bank of "this state" and that be the end of it.
Now this branch is the one i go to mostly here in henderson.
But every time i go in they help me and are very nice about it.
The blond lady with the clipboard (not familiar with her name) but she seems genuine.
If you have to deal with this bank.. go to this one.
While they can be understaffed at time they do provide good customer service and are very helpful.
I've never had an issue banking here
This is the best bank i have worked with.
They will send you notices according to your security preferences that you set up.
The employees are very nice and courteous.
Shame on you victoria!
This will definitely be our go to branch!
Nice helpful staff behind the counter.
However, if you want to open an account, they have a special person.
Key parts of the conversation, as best as i remember hsbc "how can i help?"
Me "want to open a gbp savings account" hsbc "do you know the features of the account?"
Can only access the monies in-branch."
Hsbc then proceeded to detail the features not available on this account.......going on, and on..........until we moved onto another topic.
Hsbc "we need to know why you are opening an account" me "expect some money from the uk.
Hsbc "need to know where the money is from, if it is a large amount.
There is a form" me "what is a large amount?"
Hsbc "4,000 or 5,000 or 6,000" me "so if the amount is 4,000 then i need to declare the source.
But not if it is less?"
Hsbc with more vague specifics on the amount .........and then the process....... no matter how i asked a question.
Me "cannot do business with an organization that cannot answer simple questions."
45mins of my life wasted.
The above conversation took that long.
Funny part is, i had to go to td afterwards to open another type of account.
Done in 15mins, from start to finish.
And it was a pleasure!
Guess which organization will continue to get my business.
I go to this bank as a merchant and every single person that works here is amazing!!!
I have been in here a few times.
I have always had a good experience prices are high on some things but i always negotiate.
Kyle dent is a great guy there and has always taken care of me.
There are a few girls who work here that are not too friendly but i don't think there still around.
Went in here the other day to straighten out some financial business.
She was very helpful and offered a good amount of information to get me back on track.
After everything was discussed she handed me her card, said to call her with any banking related questions.
So technically, i have like my own personal banker, i feel so grown and special!
Its chase, i would think they'd know this elementary math!
I'm a small business owner and i use huntington for both my personal account as well as my business account.
I have yet to experience anything bad with them.
I got the money within 6 weeks of signing up, it was awesome.
The bank itself is open later (i think til 7pm more nights) and it's open 7 days a week!
Every time i come in the customer service is excellent.
There's always nice, smiling people ready to help me, not a bunch of bored looking people who hate their job.
Whenever i have questions, i don't dread calling customer service for huntington.
So far, it's been an absoluttely great experience for both my small business account and my personal..
You have to time it just right.
This branch also still has drive up teller service with the vacuum tubes.
I guess old banking practices and habits are hard to kill when it comes to dealing with personal finance.
I had the pleasure of having lori at joy estes help me.
If you are considering using this company i would highly recommend them.
I cannot say enough nice things about her.
I like this location, they are very helpful.
It's considered to be one of canada's busiest td canada trust branches.
As such, you have to expect to wait for services.
Bottom line, waiting in line should be expected at this location.
Come prepared with all your identification too, because they will ask you.
Besides the long lines and wait times, the service is top notch and delivered with care.
This is not a handicap accessible drive-tru in my opinion.
You have to almost get out the car to ring the buzzer and utilize the drawer.
Service is slow and neutral service.
Came here to settle an estate account for my father in law who passed.
We got greeted and explained to her why we were there.
The lady didn't know how to do it and had us speak to a branch manager.
Branch manager said she didn't know what to do and told us to wait.
Didn't know what we were waiting on but she told us it would be around 15-30 mins.
We didn't see her do anything except walk around with her ipad.
She didn't know what to do.
We had all our information and reference number ready and everything and they still didn't know what to do.
My husband was told to give them our paperwork and they will fax over the information to get it started.
We tried to explain that to them.
But they did ask for my husband's drivers license and my husband asked what for.
The girl shrugged her shoulders and said so when they call they let them know who was inquiring it.
My husband gives it to her and guess what.
She doesn't even call.
She says she has to ask her manager what to do.
All this runaround is annoying.
It's also pretty messed up the branch manager is pushing what she doesn't know to her employees.
When they were discussing what to do (because at this point they still didn't call) we decided to leave.
Waste of time and no one knew anything.
Awful for my husband to have to go through all this hassle.
I use nbaz and this branch specifically is awesome.
Thomas there is great!
He helped me out with getting a check cleared when i was in their tempe location.
The tempe bank put a hold on my deposit and told me some bs excuse for why.
I called thom at the double tree location in scottsdale, he cleared it up and funds were available immediately.
Twyla gray is the best: very professional, helpful, super efficient.
Helped immensely in our va refinancing needs--highly recommend twyla and crosscountry mortgage!
Run - don't walk to another wells fargo branch.
I prefer the one further up w. charleston or lake mead - won't stick my head in here, ack!
I appreciate your assistance and will continue to do business with this branch secondary to there exceptional customer service !
I'm surprised there are negative reviews.
We've been with desert schools for 18 years.
We've had savings accounts, car loans, etc.
My husband has direct deposit with work.
My daughter just opened her first bank account.
They have all kinds of safety features since she's under 18.
We have an account here with the pto from my kids school i've been on as well.
They have caught fraud way long before we noticed it and reimbursed every last penny and fee.
There are atms all over the valley and branches.
But i can drive down the street a few miles.
We've only had good experience with the employees, they are all very friendly, well groomed.
The branch we go to has been extensively remodeled and everything is new and nice.
Really i can't think of anything bad.
The website is great, very clear and easy to read.
They've updated it over time.
We've been with them for 18 years!!!
It's a great company to work with.
Ugh chase banks has the worst customer service imaginable!!!!!
It's almost 3 weeks and i still don't have my car title.
I gave them a cashier's check, not a personal check, to pay off the car loan.
They say it is "standard" to hold on to the check for 10 days.
A cashier's check from a very large well known bank?
(somehow they got it right on other paperwork, but, not the important mvd stuff).
So now it is my problem to correct it with the mvd and to fix their mistake.
Not to mention their poor customer service by refusing to lift a finger to rectify their mistake.
I've been with truliant federal credit union for 5 years.
8 have 1 checking account & 2 savings account.
I applied for a loan twice & they denied me.
The last time the lady didn't care at all she acted like i was getting on her nerves.
But she didn't want to give me other options or anything very rude.
So i'm looking for another credit union that has better customer service.
Got us taken care of and was so friendly about it.
We should have came to you first, we had to deal with an ugly experience at a dealership.
I would definitely recommend both the branch manager(sorry do not remember her name, brunette around 40) and daniella.
Thanks again sun west mesa
This is quite possibly the worst branch of this bank in the entire city.
Literally i could go on for an hour.
My trip today was no exception.
If i had wanted to do that, i would have.
I lost my debit card and wanted to talk to a real-life, breathing, human being face to face.
Really, you have no time to help me?!
Composite review over a decade.
Look, this a branch of pnc.
All linked by computer.
Drive through lanes adequately staffed and pleasant.
Www banking has been perfect for me for a decade.
F8 and be there.
Dealing with the mortgage department has been a true hassle the past couple of days especially with the wish program.
Hire more mortgage officers if they are overwhelmed and can't take the time to assist their customers as needed
I've been an account holder with bank of america since 1996.
I replaced my card but i cannot wait the full-term to get my card replaced.
I have groceries and gas that i need.
He said that i needed an appointment but that he would squeeze me in.
I'm confident that my decision to move to a credit union will benefit me more.
Closed all the banks around me.
Have to go over 10 miles out of my way to bank at national bank of arizona.
Will be saying good-bye to a once great bank.
Wish it was still stockman's.
Now owned by zion bank.
These people are a joke!
I just want a title notarized and they can't even do that.
There are people standing all over this place and no bankers here to assist anybody.
Finally one employee comes out, walks by totally ignoring me and then speaks spanish to the customer behind me.
Add a bunch of racist to their issues as well!
Il take my business banking somewhere else!
But things in vegas change and this place has changed.they seem to be more like a bank than a cu.
A union only works on the strength of it's members.
I have gotten many loans over the years from this place and paid back earlier than due.
I am in the 800+'s read between the lines.
When i came back the next day, i was told there was problems with the $3000 i was lending.
When i corrected the young lady she told me i agree to this.
No, i and my wife did not.
I stated that i didn't appreciate the reference to  a payday loan company.
She denied that and reworded what she said about the payday loan reference.
My wife was hearsay witness however hearsay being what it is what do you believe?
This place just keeps pushing members away, and i don't know why.
Went to the teller and deposited my check and asked to speak to the manager.
I got the loan but will never sign it.
Mia, you do not deserve unemployment benefits.
Sorry i just do not play manipulation games.
This trip was deceptive.
I love this wells fargo.
I mostly come here to cash/ deposit my checks.
Everyone here is extremely sweet, friendly, & well knowledgable.
Thank you for all the great customer service!
What neighborhood association am i a part of?)
So i left that day and drove to the nearest truliant and opened an account.
It was easy and based on my actual credit, so i had no issues being accepted.
Since that time i've also taken a loan with truliant to pay for my school.
I'm not thrilled with truliant's website...
I find it's very difficult to navigate so making my loan payments has been rocky at best.
Now when i call to speak with someone about it amazingly no one is available.
I was told a mgr.
Wouldn't be available for a week.
Is this how you make your money ripping people off with nsf fees that you created by holding the check.
I will not go away until i get my $108 returned and never do business with them again.
There are several compass bank around, but this branch is awesome.
Judy is very helpful.
She goes out of her way to help customer.
I've been dealing with this branch for 3 months now.
The service is consistantly good.
Very good about calling back and answer any question i have.
I switched from chase.
Chase is too big and don't care about you but how much you have in your account.
I've been here a handful of times now for my banking transactions.
I've never had to wait to be helped.
Employees are friendly and efficient.
The space is clean.
And the ac and cold water are a godsend in this stupid vegas summer heat.
And bonus point for the little lollipops at each teller station.
I'm docking one star because this location shares a parking lot with a bunch of other businesses, including a gym.
So finding a spot even towards the end of the row can be a pain.
But nevertheless, i'll continue to banking here if i am in the area.
I've been banking at truwest and still early 1990s and they've always treated me great.
I emailed the list of business requirements.
They took weeks to get back to me and then requested a meeting.
They said they get back to me within the week and it 3 times that long .
When they did finally respond everything we spoke of wasn't even taken into consideration.
I called to find what happened and haven't had a response to this day.
Would have given 0 stars if i could have.
Worst customer service i've ever had at any bank.
Teller was incompetent and manager no better.
Teller was very bored and uninterested the entire time.
Kept sighing and giving me annoyed looks.
It's called customer service.
I do the same thing every month but amy claimed i couldn't.
Manager took her side and said the same.
Went to my normal chase after and was in and out in 2 minutes without a problem.
I explained to them what happened and they didn't understand the problem.
Horrible teller was amy and incompetent manager was alicia.
Not even wearing name tags and very unpresentable.
I joined truliant a year or so ago after my other credit union decided to pull out of charlotte.
They have the usual options of accounts and they send out regular tips on how to manage your money.
They also have a decent online bill pay service and other online tools!
Credit unions don't charge the fees that banks charge because they are non-profit and here to serve you.
This branch is super convenient.
It is a full service location with 3 drive thrus, 1 drive up atm and an inside atm.
If you're looking for a change from banks or another credit union, check out truliant!
Worst customer service ever.
Do not bank with them.
I use to be a customer for over 16 years and finally closed my account.
I went to the credit union were the workers know what professionalism is.
A really terrible and i highly recommend not to start an account here
Want to be inconvenienced?
Pay lots of fees?
Want the worst customer service possible?
Well come to this bank.
I tried to get a home loan refi with dsfcu.
What a complete waste of time and money.
They hired the worst appraisal company called home value appraisal llc to conduct my home appraisal.
In this economy an 808 credit score is amazing!
The bottom line is dsfcu was completely unfair, and i wasted time and money throughout this process.
Please don't make the mistake i made and waste your time and money with desert schools federal credit union!
Super good deal $0.75 dvds!
Friendly service and a good movie selection.
You really cannot beat $.75 movies!
Right next to the railroad tracks and kyrene road
Good rates and good service.
I called ahead to confirm the rates (at that point in time) and my call was answered promptly.
I would definitely go back and have recommended this location to other friends.
I went in to get a name change on my card.
There was one lady helping a large group of people and another four employees standing around.
After teeny minutes of waiting they finally said it would be another half hour.
Seems like a staffing problem.
Why would you only have one person that can help customers working?
Hey guys why is saturday closed!!?
I just want to state that your location rocks!!
You guys know who i am and i see you guys alway take care of me and my wife.
You will see us again.
I just got to vent we had a bad experience in a blue diamond location.
Anyway have a great day and see you guys again.
I am so tired of this bank.
Everything takes forever to deposit.
I can't even count how many times they overdraft me for things that don't make sense.
All i want is to have my money available when i'm told it should be.
They are horrible and already have a rating of 1 for customer service.
@rainbow and windmill las vegas
I have been a member of desert schools for over 10 years and have never been disappointed.
They just helped me secure a vehicle loan for a client and it went as smooth as can be..
Thanks paula clark for that excellent level of service.
Peter mattys performance mobility of phoenix
This is how i like a neighborhood bank to be.
Definitely beats bank of america.
The staff at this wells fargo branch are great!!!!!!!!
Friendly and very helpful.
They notarize no charge to customers!!!!!!
Thanks for the great service.
Don't bank with them!
This morning they bounced our nv energy payment for .49 cent and charged us a 35$ overdraft fee.
We have been with them for approximately 10 years.
I have never see an institution be as low down as they have.
We are closing our account immediately!
This bank branch is right off of busy blue diamond, the speed is 55mph.
It can be a pain entering and exiting traffic due to the speed.
This location is real convenient for me because of the car drive through atm.
It also seems that there isn't ever a line of cars which makes going here fast.
I am very pleased with the service i received at this branch.
Ms. melissa's professionalism and enthusiasm to help me so promptly exceeded my expectations.
This type of professionalism and commitment to the highest level of customer's satisfaction has to be acknowledged.
This branch is only open m-f, closed on saturday's.
Very annoying, frustrating, and a waste of my time.
I would not come here if you had a choice.
Went in with my husband for a pre-approved house loan.
They retrieved a woman from the back who was still chewing her lunch as she greeted us.
And when i pay it they're either closed or no where to be found
If you are a first time home buyer, stay away.
I just purchased my home and went through southern fidelity.
The people i dealt with was brandon lund and michele silva.
A week before we are to close brandon lund says we need to sign some more paper work.
Being a first time home buyer i did know that you had to be locked in.
I saw interest rates on a form that looked official.
When asking him about this he told me that he explained this to me numerous times.
Never before did he tell me this till 5 days before closing.
I was extremely upset with the situation, but what was i to do.
I close in five days.
During this conversation he got extremely unprofessional and disrespect full.
The only issue was that they couldnt close till 21 days later.
The owner of the house was going to make me payfines if we extended the deadline.
The costs out weighed the change.
I wish i would of went with wellsfargo.
This was sent to me in a long text message that had a very negative tone.
During this time, no information was given to me about when we were going to close.
I was to close on this day and i would receive a text message not today after calling.
He and michele silva or not worth your business.
Go to another bank or someone else that can provide you with another loan.
They try to use mortgage business language to confuse you, but everything is a show.
They are not the best bang for the buck, they are a middle person that provides no real information.
I said yes because they originally said they would be there.
They never showed up.
The title person even said that it is really strange.
They always have some one here.
A terrible experience due to brand lund and michele silva.
Save yourself a headache.
This chase bank is outstanding!
Their customer service is always very pleasant.
I have always been greeted at the entryway.
They have lots of employees so you really don't ever wait too long.
I think this may be the best banking location i have ever 'banked' with!
Oh and they have suckers :)
I love the management and staff at this branch.
However, they are no longer open on sunday.
One might ask themselves, will machines ever take over the world?
Honestly who knows or who cares.
I probably won't be around during the time it happens, if it happens.
I did come across one machine that made my day a little easier.
I'm not a big fan of banks.
I just feel as if i'm stuck in an assembly line.
Back to my review.
This boa has a convenient drive up atm machine.
Quick, simple and oh so very polite.
Whenever i'm in a rush.
I zoom right it and i'm done in less than a minute.
It's sad when a machine is faster, nicer and more efficient than the bank tellers inside.
I highly recommend mark brandon.
He is patient, accessible and an all around pleasure to work with.
Not only is he incredibly knowledgable, he also takes the time to explain.
I will definitely continue to recommend him to friends and family!
I will never bank here!
What a joke of a financial institute.
Closing my account as of noe
One teller for consumers , long line and slow tellers.. waste of time.
Go to another branch.
Love this credit union.
The loan process was super easy, and everyone was very friendly.
Josh explained the whole process and prepared us for each scenario.
The whole process was maybe two hours.
Definitely will come back for other banking needs!
Thank you josh for your stellar customer service, and the laughs.
Lynnette did a great job on my escrow.
She was really on top of things and got it done.
I am very pleased with the service and quality of the work performed.
Extremely slow service and understaffed a busy times of the day.
Typically i would understand occasionally extra busy days but this happens in every visit.
Just left the ibew.
I've banked with them for years.
I wanted to thank leigh for her excellent customer service.
She was friendly professional thorough and very fast.
I would recommend ibew and all the services they offer.
Leigh qualified me to refinance my auto loan saving me thousands!!!!
Not a fan of this place.
Don't accept vertical id's  won't be returning
I was trying to refinance two of my properties in january of 2016 because rates came down dramatically.
Sfr had the lowest rates.
I began working with them on feb 7th.
I submitted my documents promptly.
I paid about $1000 for the appraisals.
(one of the properties was a rental).
First they said we'd be closing at end of feb, then beginning of march, then end of march.
Here we are in april and we still have not closed.
I have submitted and gotten mortgages over 16 times ( i have multiple properties).
These guys are far far far away the worst brokers i have ever worked with.
I plan on filling with the consumer financial protection bureau soon.
Slow service 7 days a week.
Guys hire some more people?!?
Managers get out front and help out your tellers.
Incompetent, rude, full of excuses, but never short on mistakes.
I belonged to the clark county credit union for a decade and switched banks after getting married.
Coming to bank of america was one of the worst decisions of my life.
The intake staff was obnoxiously snotty and rude.
I had to wait an hour for an appointment to fix a mistake this bank made.
For three years in a row, this inept bank changed my name on my account!!!!!
No legal reason, no permission to do so.
I was told the "system" updates things and made an error.
Needless to say, i'm leaving this horrible excuse for a bank and going back to the clark county credit union.
Thanks for 3 years of headaches bank of america.
Extremely respectful and nice.
They helped me a ton and got me out of a rough spot.
Anmar's service is fast and courteous.
Problems so unbelievable i could write a book, websites in chinese and tech support that couldn't open a .jpg file.
A teller that walked away mid account close to wait on a drive up customer ...
Ever since i had my accident prices have been going up drastically.
Wells fargo- worst bank around.
Once a month we have fraudulent transactions on our account.
Their security sucks  choose another bank
Just had the worst customer service with b of a holes again.
Came to this location and people are friendly and smiling.
Can't wait to have enough time off to move all my accounts from b of turd to here
This place is a joke.
The service is very hot and cold.
You evnter the store and all the employees scream hello , hey, hi then do nothing.
I walked around the store for 15 minutes before someone came over to me to ask if i needed help.
I went over to my friend who was waiting for something to happen or something.
Rico arellano - title loan general manager is one rude asshole.
Did not look at his current customer once, kept talking in spainish to the gentleman next to us.
Throws papers back at my friend, saying she needs to sign somewhere that she forgot.
Rico replies i already told you to sign here, my friend replied when?
We wasted over an hour here trying to open a business checking account.
First try, their system lost all the info just before finishing and we had to start over from the beginning.
I'm not making this up, i have a recording of it.
Here it is day 3 without a call back...
The only reason that compass bank (bbva) got two stars is because of romeo zavala, the branch manager.
He's always been wonderful to me and a great help.
Fast forward to my experience today dealing with an agent named bj chavarri.
The moment i walked into his office he seemed irritated that i was using his time.
I've been waiting for checkcard since december 7.
Bj's response to me was "i mean, what do you want me to do about it?"
While rolling his eyes.
I'm disgusted and irritated.
The staff here is just as friendly and always so helpful.
The information was communicated clearly and with a smile.
I feel confident in the policies i was recommend and decided on.
Thank you, joy (and a special shout-out to kasey estes who helped as well:)!
I am old school and still do business with a handshake and take people at their word.
The fees were nominal but it is the principle of it.
While the staff is great, the trustworthiness of management is lacking - beware!
Go see her for your banking needs and you'll absolutely be satisfied!
I didn't even want to take cash out, just wanted a lower rate.
So blue brick was my last shot and after reading some negatives on them, i certainly had my doubts.
Now i can use this extra monthly savings to help pay down other debts.
To be stuck in a high interest mortgage with no way out, other than to sell, was very disheartening.
Julie and her team at blue brick made possible what others told me couldn't be done.
We are so appreciative!
No closing fees and competitive interest rates are also attractive.
Bill johnson is our state farm agent and has been since 2002 when we moved to surprise.
We have been state farm members since the 1960s as were our parents before us.
They are responsive to all inquiries.
We've had very few claims but all were handled efficiently by staff and company representatives.
I've only purchased auto and home through them but i highly recommend this agency of state farm.
Theresa the branch manager was very nice.
She help my nephew and i open up his first bank account.
She was very genuine and even help my nephew at the atm to activate his card.
Because of her genuine service i will only be visiting this branch.
Thank you for all your help theresa.
I do trust them to store my valuables!
Great customer service and very modern technology.
It was a terrible stressful experience.
He said it was the first time doing the type of loan i was doing.
I also went through 3 transaction coordinator's because the first one was apparently overwhelmed and the second one got promoted.
The third one did not even know she was assigned to my case.
They were terrible with answering the phone, returning voicemails, returning emails, and answering my questions.
After everything was done my real estate agent said his company will never use southern fidelity again.
Spencer, the loan office he liked quite anyways.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Always friendly and helpful.
I have savings and an auto loan here.
They do everything that they can to make things easy.
I may switch all accounts to omega.
I went in trying to buy a laptop.
Friendly staff but didnt know anything about what they were selling.
I called back less than an hour later realizing that the laptop battery connector was broken.
This is a sketchy business that sells broken goods to people.
Stay away from us bank.
I closed my account in march via this branch after making sure my account was balanced.
They took my debit card but never closed the account.
Just got a letter stating they closed my account and i now owe them money.
Called their 800 number and no help, conveniently they can't access information that far back.
If they don't fix this i'll be going to the bbb.
This manager said no he would not honor that.
It was 10$ but it's the principle!
He said it was up to his discretion.
I am going to close my accounts and switch banks.... my discretion!
Keep your promises or lose a customer!
This is by far the worst credit union you could ever align yourself with.
They by far have the worst customer service and more fees than all of the big banks.
I switched in error to divest from big banks.
It took 3 hours to open the accounts several weeks to get my cards.
Their systems are antiquated and the fees are more than double the big bank i just left.
They have treat customers horribly!
They rely solely  on an outdated system that messes up customer accounts then passes on the fees to the customer!!!
Do not bank here
God help you if you actually need to walk into the building.
Write a will, kiss your family goodbye and bring something to read for the next six hours.
Human beings are not their specialty, apparently.
This is my primary bank, since it's so close to my house and convenient.
I've always had decent service here.
It's a good location, and the tellers always help me out with whatever i need pretty fast!
While they give excellent exchange rates, their business practices are a bit 'iffy'.
When you call ahead and get a quote ask for a confirmation number.
Note, they will not offer you a confirmation number, you need to ask for it.
How to avoid iffy practice number 2:  most places conduct business until closing time.
Once they are closed, they then 'cash out' etc.
Arrive at least 15 minutes before closing time to exchange money.
They start 'closing' 15 minutes before the posted time because it takes them awhile to close down machines, etc.
And they want to lock the door and leave on time.
I used to come this location frequently.
.then walked off with the game saying they're putting it on ebay..
If you like the money you have in a checking account here, you won't be able to keep it.
I have always kept funds well in excess of the minimum.
The free checks part disappeared before i could even use up the first set of checks.
Not too much of a problem.
Then the bank decided i didn't exist and stopped mailing the statement.
I never understood the reason for that.
Quite a change from the free account with the free checks.
We are both professional educators and have never been treated with such unprofessionalism and humiliation to my child.
Now, my son is crying and upset that grown adults were mean to him.
Only a 1 star rating because i had to.
The atm here is very efficient.
I've withdrawn some cash from here as well and the tellers were always polite.
Great example to what customer service should be all about.
In my opinion should be the continues core to retain happy  customers.
Great staff and really good quality products and always honest very clean store.
Bank never has a merchant teller!
There are never enough bank tellers, lines are long and management is rude
We are a team and i couldn't ask for a better teammate.
Just cashed a check but experience was positive.
No long line, no hassle, no soliciting for me to sign up for this or that.
Just in & out
I'm actually disappointed to write this.
I opened my business accounts with this branch 2 (3?)
Yrs ago because it was close to home and teller chase phillips was always so pleasant to deal with.
I can't stand poor attitudes.
Your job deals with customer care, learn it.
If i don't have to deal with bad attitudes, i wont.
Quick and customer-service friendly.
Went through the drive through teller at almost closing time and they were still welcoming.
This is my favorite bank to go to.
Everyone in the staff is friendly, knowledgeable, accommodating and not pushy or fake.
Juanita is the manager and we adore her.
She is always helpful and happy to help.
I've never had an issue with any of the bankers or tellers.
They work fast and efficiently.
This branch is a lot faster than others nearby.
Very nice people here.
Come in and get a checking or savings account, or take out a personal loan.
Watch out for their fees.
If you do not have funds in your account to cover something they still payout and keep charging you.
I am trying to leave them because of this bad practice.
How hard is it to say no the customer does not have the funds try again later.
Seems to be very slow at anything you need done.
I feel that perhaps my first review was a little emotional so i wanted to update the star rating.
I still stand by what i had written before though.
I've done a lot of banking here.
Honestly, if you're banking somewhere else, you're probably also high on crack.
Don't be high on crack.
Do your banking here.
Only two tellers working at 1 pm and a line of 10 people .
Having to wait 30 min for service is ridiculous
Easy to work with.
They returned my call promptly and gave me the anticipated closing costs.
Management chooses not to employ enough workers.
One teller at 5:00 on weekdays is not acceptable.
Waited 25 minutes to withdraw cash.
Atm limits are too low and only offer small denominations (20s).
On friday, 5/5/2017: lamarr young answered my questions and explained the product clearly.
She is friendly and professional.
I have been banking with boa for a long time.
I had to come to this bank center to get money out.
The manager was a vary big help.
I do belgrave thus bank is above average.
Nice tellers and a go out of the way managers.
Come here a few times,  rates are really good.
This place has one of best rates when coming to exchanging currency.
One of employees name josephine was super helpful and was happy to serve me.
Definitely will come again.
My checking account and savings account are through them.
They're doing all right for me, as far as big, corporatized banks go.
This one is small, located next to albertsons and cvs pharmacy.
The ones that do recognize me are always very nice and chit-chatty.
They also tend to welcome you when you walk in and bid you a farewell when you leave.
It's pretty nice of them and it's a nice change from hearing about how bad banks are.
At least the employees at the banks can make you feel happy about coming somewhere to put your monies!
My favorite financial institution by far!!
I switched to tfcu in february of 2017.
I've used 3 branches for my financial needs.
All three were, police, courteous, knowledge, and professional in every business transaction.
I've recommended them to four of my closest friends, and they are all very pleased.
I'm very elated to be a member, and i'm always treated like a member.
I've always had exceptional service at tfcu.
I also bought a vehicle in march 2018,  using cuabs, their credit union auto buying service.
I live at least 2 1/2 hours from their cuabs, in winston salem.
The customer service has been top-notch!!!
Thank you, tfcu, for insuring your customer's are satisfied!!
These people are dirt!
My mother never missed a auto loan payment.
Always on time, even when for some odd reason they stopped sending billing statements.
I fell behind several times but was trying my best to protect my mothers interests,when the reposted her property.
After four years of flawless payments, this is how they treat a senior who has fallen ill.
This is as low as it gets.
They will screw you given the chance.
Jason michel and crosscountry inc. delivered.
We closed escrow a day or two early and that's the bottom line.
The process was particularly challenging because it was during the holidays and we were temporarily out of state.
Jason is personable, professional, and knowledgeable.
He explained everything in detail as needed--a great communicator.
I like that the first time i came lupita was very friendly and helpful.
The second time my boyfriend and i went to authorize myself on an account.
Vincent latino helped us, but he seemed very hostile and rude.
Hopefully he changes his attitude towards his job and the clients.
I was trying to put cash into my dads account and they wouldnt let me.
Very annoying and inconvenient.
I put cash into my moms wells fargo acct each month with no problems.
I'll never bank with them.
The people here are so helpful and kind.
There's no long lines and no exasperating wait.
I brought my indian head pennies in to be looked at and see what they were worth.
The whole entire time howard an employee treated me like a moron.
Very unhelpful and rude.
I sat down with francisco ramirez to go over details of my account.
I didn't have a debit card so he asked for two forms of id.
I has to go to my car and get my business license.
After that he was rushed and very short and rude and my problem wasn't resolved.
He just told me to call the number on the back of my card for better luck.
Never coming back to this branch again.
Tenny was rock solid.
Everyone did a great job handling my mortgage.
I highly recommend crosscountry mortgage.
It's a pawn store so i'm ranking this place by selection, price, service, and flexibility.
If you pawn anywhere, only expect to get about 1/3 of an item's lowest sold price on ebay.
Is that a rip off?
Yes of course it is.
Try to negotiate at least 50% if you have desirable stuff or solicit here often.
I don't do jewelry so no experience here.
Selection is often better than most but small--the usual tools, electronics, jewelry.
Some decent guitars every so often.
Prices are on steep side, negotiate whenever you can.
They have some flexibility, unlike super pawn.
Service is lacking but generally good for what it is: a pawn store.
Oh, yeah, no grace period.
Return policy not too shabby but make sure you establish terms up-front.
This place is the worse wells fargo i have ever been to.
I will never come back to this location.
Then some most underdressed girls walk in and get helped right away for "business".
Then the banker tried to send us away.
To come back later.
This is the last time i will be here.
They have different policies because they are in a 'different district' (ghetto) then other wells fargo banks in vegas.
Call ahead to be sure that you can do what you normally do at other branches.
You know you're in arizona when ....    you think taco bell is the local phone company.
You notice your car overheating before you drive it.
You no longer associate bridges or rivers with water.
You can hear the weather forecast of 115 degrees without flinching.
You can be in the snow, then drive for an hour...and it will be over 100 degrees.
You discover, in july it only takes two fingers to drive your car, because your steering wheel is so hot.
The best parking is determined by shade.....not distance.
You run your air conditioner in the middle of winter so you can use your fireplace.
You realize that "valley fever" isn't a disco dance.
You can make sun tea instantly.
Hotter water comes from the cold water tap than the hot one.
You actually burn your hand opening the car door.
Sunscreen is sold year round and kept right at the checkout counter.
You put on fresh sunscreen just to go check the mail box.
Some fools will market mini-misters for joggers and some other fools will actually buy them.
Worse.....some fools actually try to jog.
You can pronounce saguaro, tempe, san xavier, canyon de chelly, mogollon rim, and cholla.
You know hot air balloons can't rise because the air temperature is hotter than the air inside the balloon.
No one would dream of putting vinyl inside a car.
You see two trees fighting over a dog.
You can say "hohokam" and people don't think you're laughing funny.
You buy salsa by the gallon.
Your christmas decorations include sand and 100 paper bags.
You think a red light is merely a suggestion.
All of your out-of-state friends start to visit after october but clear out come the end of april.
You think someone driving wearing oven mitts is clever.
Most of the restaurants in town have the first name "el" or "los."
You think 60 tons of crushed red rock makes a beautiful yard.
Your house is made of stucco and has a red clay tile roof.
Vehicles with open windows have the right-of-way in the summer.
Most homes have more firearms than people.
Kids ask, "what's a mosquito?"
You know better than to get into a car with leather seats if you're wearing shorts.
If you haven't worked for motorola at some time, you must be a newcomer.
You can finish a big gulp in 10 minutes and go back for seconds.
You know a swamp cooler is not a happy hour drink.
You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from arizona.
You take rain dances seriously.
You've signed so many petitions to recall governors you can't remember the name of the incumbent.
When a rainy day puts you in a good mood.
You feed your chickens ice cubes to keep them from laying hard-boiled eggs.
You "hug" a cactus only once in your lifetime.
When you have to look up "mass transit" in the dictionary.
A hundred ten in the shade is sorta hot, but you don't have to shovel it off your driveway.
You wear a bola tie.
You take a stroll on ho hum way.
The beer is chilled and filled with chili.
Petrified doesn't mean scared.
Standin' on the corner sounds good.
The temperature drops below 95 and you feel a bit chilly.
You've experienced condensation on your butt from the hot water in the toilet bowl.
You would give anything to be able to splash cold water on your face.
You can attend any function wearing shorts and a tank top.
You realize that asphalt has a liquid state.
Compiled and edited by kathy weiser legends of america
I have been banking with wells fargo for 14 years.
I got, $70 in overdraft fees for over drafting a little over $1.
I wish i could give this bank no stars.
I am going to now pay their stupid fee and close my account.
It's the corner building with the recognizable digital clock/temperature outside.
It's the old huntington building.
Convenient location you can walk to from the playhouse sq area in less than 10 minutes.
It's also located close to a healthline stop and an e-line trolley stop.
There is an outdoor walk up atm with no awning over it.
Inside you have your typical bank - tellers and personal bankers.
The tellers are friendly, yelling hello to you the moment you step out of the revolving door.
When i was there most recently the three tellers were efficiently handling the line and the wait was minimal.
I appreciate downtown businesses that move with efficiency mid-day and this is one of them.
If only i could give this location zero stars!
I am so sick of coming here and seeing "out of service" screens on their atms.
Last night both the drive-thru atm and walk-up atm were out of service.
Seems like the management doesn't care about keeping their equipment functional.
Asked if i could cash the checks then deposit and was told they no longer do that....wtf!!
What kind of banking society is this coming from?!?!
I had the same crap with boa the other day!!!!
I'm so sick of this!!!
I should just deal with off shore accounts!!!
I'll probably get bette faster service!!
I was at this location to close out my wells fargo account.
Wells was always good to me, but merging with the wife!
They were fast, kind and i was out within 10min.
Now nearing 50 we both find it crucial to look for new and careful ways to invest.
The gentleman who helped us was keith jensen.
He was polite upon our unannounced arrival, and sat with us for over an hour.
His consideration for our efforts and his discerning advise provided new avenues for our family's future wealth.
All of which we have only thanks to offer charles schwab for providing an excellent advisor!!
They troll county records and send out refi spam for homes that are payed off!
Never again doing business with this branch!
Do not waste your time here.
Glad i wasted my lunch break waiting around when there are literally 7 "workers" standing around.
Try the next closest wells fargo.
I'm already being judged by my credit score can't do anything.
So now me and my daughter are stuck in this heat.
I'm closing my account first this tomorrow.
It's not a every day convenient bank.
I'm so unimpressed switching back to usaa.
Last time i give anything the benefit of the doubt.
Read reviews and listen to them
Just a horrific experience.
I have worked with scores of lenders over the years and this has been hands down the worst one ever.
I have a client who went here for a mortgage.
Oh wow, we're finally going to close.
Now we have to start the process again.
Home is still not closed.
The initial loan process started june 18, 2016 and today is september 13th.
Still no loan approval, loan still not funded.
Buyer is stressed out, seller stressed out, i'm stressed out.
I'm just glad i did not pick this lender.
I'll never put myself or my clients through such a disastrous experience.
Jason is very helpful and informative.
Always available to help with questions.
Have called with car issues a couple times and he quickly gives me the information needed.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.
These guys took a lot of time to explain the process to me, and i had a lot of questions.
I wouldn't recommend anyone else because these guys have more knowledge and don't rush through things to get a "sale".
And they actually answer the phone and call their customers back!
If you are looking for a mortgage specialist stay away from scott griffin.
He claims to be a professional but in my opinion he is terrible at his job.
He says all the right things to get you to sign on the dotted line then ignores you.
If your loan is important to you stay away from scott griffin and bank of america.
They just don't care.
4.5/5 great branch, friendly, very helpful knowledgable, caring.
Have sat with me and walked through varying scenarios which would otherwise lead to frustration and provided streamline guidance.
Best atms ever plus their notary always happens to be available
This branch sits on a very busy intersections on scottsdale rd.
There's only 1 atm on-site and no drive-thru atm at all which i think they really need improvement on.
But overall service was excellent.
If you need anything, go see joe, he'll gladly help you out.
Since this is the only scottsdale address, i'm assuming it's the headquarters - could be mistaken.
Stay away from truwest unless you want to be frustrated on a constant basis!
Roger and jessica made sure all my questions were answered.
Carrie who worked with the underwriters was on top of everything.
Usually something goes wrong or lots of last minute panic from underwriter side or needing updated documents last minute.
Great experience and great rate/package.
I decided to give them a try.
I would have to agree that lesley, myrna and kyle have been absolutely wonderful to work with.
Looking forward to doing more business with them.
Also, bank of arizona has atm's in every qt gas station!
I am absolutely appalled at the level of customer service at this bank.
This bank suck a big giant d !!!!!!!!!!
Long lines all the time, slow service and they never answer the damn phone!
No wonder b of a had to be bailed out by obama and the government.
Now there trying to save every penny and cutting down on employees so we suffer!!!!
Im closing my account and going to wells fargo.
F this bank ever branch you visit sucks.............!!!!!!!!!
Henrietta is an awesome personal banker at america first.
She set up my account with a debit card, checking, savings and a temporary card in under a half hour.
Super quick but super personable, knowledgeable and friendly.
She exemplifies customer service and professionalism.
Thanks so much for making this a great experience.
Then they also direct you to the right elevators.
Although the water from the drinking fountain tasted a bit strange.
Atm machine and a drive thru.
The driveway to get in the place is not really that convenient.
Handicap parking right in front of the door.
Very convenient could use more tellers first thing in the morning, busy location
The people at huntington bank go out of their way to help.
If i need help getting forms signed, they are only a phone call away.
It's the last time in going to that branch !
First class service, the best pricing(who doesn't like unlimited processing for only $39.99) and i love my clover device.
I highly recommend micamp to anyone looking for an affordable, great point of sale.
Just cashed check from this bank, made out from this bank and they charged me a fee of $6.00.
Thank you national bank of arizona.
Remind me to bank at wells fargo from now on.
These other people must be banking somewhere else.
If you have to call, there are long waits on the phone.
I got a refinancing.
I needed to show the sellers that i was a sound buyer.
Not only did i not receive such a letter, but i was never actually told that my application was approved.
I asked when the closing was going to be and they said they could not give me an exact date.
I said give me a ball park so i can tell the buyer and they refused.
It took three months.
My husband and i transferred our iras to the credit union about a year and a half ago.
The young lady at the branch who helped us was really clueless.
Our withdrawals did not work correctly and i had to call every month for four (4!)
Months in a row.
Also, the automated withdrawals are cut off at $5000 a year.
We are over 50 and so by law can put in $6000 a year.
The credit union has our date of birth cause they use that for security.
We've sold our house and are getting our new mortgage somewhere else, at gnofcu in new orleans.
I got a prequalifying letter in less than an hour there!
And they gave me a closing date when they filled out the application!
I'm moving everything else i have at truliant!
This agency is all about service!
I highly recommend them for anyone looking for a local agent!
Very pleased with the services we receive from bmo harris bank.
We love our primary banker and the entire team is proactively helpful in a variety of ways.
Their international services are particularly helpful for my business and most of the companies i work with.
Never using bank of america again.
Then the next month there are more.
Also, bankers who are unable to answer basic questions.
I asked how to receive my rewards points and they said that i can't get rewards points on credit cards.
It's like a bad ex girlfriend ;)
His office provides fast, prompt, accurate, and friendly customer service.
You guys need to change your app about when you close.
It says 4:00pm on sat and i drive across town and it says 2:00 pm on the door.
Such a waste of my time
We just purchased a home and used southern fidelity mortgage.
Our senior loan officer was fiona grant.
I couldn't say enough of great things about her and the overall experience.
I would definitely use fiona and southern fidelity again and would highly recommend their services.
Very consultative approach and they really know their stuff.
I've been here my whole life, and i've never had an experience as great as this.
From the one forest to the low hot desert arizona is the place to be.
This story goes like this.
The rep was busy and he's the only one who can help.
I don't mind waiting but 3hrs to open a account is crazy peeps.
Didn't know you need to schedule banking transactions.
He wasn't rude but made me feel like i had not been part of civilization.
So i left thinking wow business must be good at this branch.
Went down the street to another chase, waited a bit and received assistance from amanda moffitt.
She was truly professional, knowledgable, but mostly kind.
This rep knows customer service!
I just might transition my other accounts.
Give amanda a nice bonus won't you.
So chase maybe it's time to retrain some of your staff and possibly add staff on saturday's.
I give amanda 4 stars!
I've been a loyal wells fargo customer a very long time.
I visited this branch and was greeted by fernando hernandez.
Many of their  bankers are highly knowledgeable, but this was not the case with my visit.
Fernando was inexperienced and rude.
He quickly shuffled me off to a second banker.
The conduct by both fernando hernandez and jesse obispo was unprofessional, and inexperienced.
With all the negative press that wf is experiencing in the news, i expected better.
I always use this drive thru for my banking and never have any problems.
Quick service and friendly staff
The bank manager, eslam, was extremely helpful with some docs i had to have notarized.
The other professionals there were very welcoming.
Seems like a very well run branch.
They try to tax and rape their account holders in every way they can!
Better off going to chase or wells fargo.
Hope others realize these new fees and start banking elsewhere
Clearly they need to hire more bank tellers and train them on customer service skills.
We have accounts at different banks and chase is by far, the worst and absolutely slowest bank that we use.
Didn't say anything else, just walked away to help another customer.
I've been waiting for 8 minutes!
For something that takes a few seconds to do.
I know, i worked at a bank!
I'm so ready to just close this account out.
I've had it for years and it's a bigger headache than anything!
Out of the all bank of americas this one stands out!
Open til 6 on fridays, they have a drive-thru, everyone inside is friendly.
I'll drive out of my way to make my deposits here.
There are several bofas i have boycotted, but here i now support.
Still not a big fan of all the banking fees they hit me with, but the staffs great.
Chase band & this particular branch has the worst customer service !!
Terrible company to work and deal with.
Lack of communication, professionalism and transparency.
After one month you are telling me that!!
So, i lost this opportunity to refinance and reduce my monthly payment for about $250-$300 because of these charlatans.
That tells me what kind of people run this company.
I was in the neighborhood and needed to go to an atm.
This is one of the most inconvenient entrances i've seen of almost any bank.
You drive around the whole building to hopefully get a parking space in front.
I walked right up to the atm, so this place gets an ok rating--but just.
I was tremendously disappointed in doing business with rbc.
They are as half assed as they come when dealing with banks.
Rbc pushes, and pushes, and pushes for you to conduct everything online, yet only gives you statements back 6 weeks.
What fucking good is that?
This company will try at every given opportunity to financially rape you.
Here i am selling my business, enquiring about getting statements.
[ since we only go back 6 weeks ] $20.00 to look into this, plus $7.00 per month?
Are they out of there minds?
$45.00 to incoming wires and outgoing .... for the fuck sakes.
You would think you were dealing with your credit card company.
Even though i continuously updated my new address, somehow, someway, rbc never updated there systems online, or over the phone.
Rbc is as piss poor as they come when dealing with money.
Thank god i no longer deal with these morons.
Spoke with matteo he was amazing and a great attitude.
He solved my problem in minutes.
Lost my phone here and they pretty much made.
Me jump through hoops to get it back!
Made me wait 20 mins wanted ed my if then made me sign 2 papers !
Took all my info why !
The manager laughing thinking it was funny !
I will never return and all accounts will be closed horrible treatment!
Quick atm, love the central location.
And close to chase and wells fargo bank.
Get all bills and banking done at once.
Even with a long line they get you in and out.
Able to answer questions about loans.
Or give you a number if the woman who handles it isn't there.
They follow up and get everything answered.
While the people at the bank are very nice, everything else about this place is terrible.
I am not even sure why i still bank there.
Today is payday and my account says there are funds, however my card is being declined for insufficient funds.
If my money is in there, i shouldn't have to wait until a specified time to use it.
It was my money the minute the clock hit 12am.
While on another trip my card was blocked states away from home.
It was after hours and on a friday that i realized.
Of course i couldn't call and resolve the problem because they didn't have anyone working.
They need to find solution for this.
So again, while the people are lovely, bdcu is a sorry excuse for a bank.
Small town or not.
This atm you realllly gotta keep an eye on.
Every time (almost) i deposit a check the amount the machine thinks it is is wrong !!!
Ive deposited a lot of checks in a lot of different banks and never had that happen.
Its happened to me here more the 5 times.
Please everyone make sure before hitting accept that the amount the machine read is correct.
Yesterday i deposited a check for 160 and the atm though it was 4160!!!
Another day it was 260 and it thought it was 60!!!
Ekkkkk.....keep an eye out.
Friendly tellers, improved hours (now open sundays).
I've been a happy member since 1990!
Other credit unions even recognize that bdcu is the best!
2 months later i'm getting notifications that i am delinquent on my house payment, etc.
I'm pulling out my money asap!
I'm traveling and can't get home quick enough to make this happen.
They have a fiduciary responsibility and obligation to make things right if we are audited.
My experience echos some of the other negative comments in that there is little communication.
This may just be him, but the company has to be responsible for their employees actions.
In the competitive mortgage industry you can and should do much better than working with blue brick.
Whenever at this branch, come see raul he has initiative and helps you on the spot.
I love bank of america.
My daughter and i have banked with other banks and have had multiple problems.
Since we have been with boa (2 yrs) we are extremely happy with our banking services.
This is probably the most trash experience i've ever had at chase.
Which is completely understandable.
She basically said we need to leave in order for them to close on time.
Technically we can walk in at 1:45 and y'all still gotta help us regardless of how long the wait is.
But clearly the banker leaving right at 2 is more important than customer service.
Rude and very unprofessional.
They keep horrible hours and their drive thru and atm machine aren't in service half the time!
She also cared less about their horrible hours and lack of working atm.
She said, "it happens all the time" and gave me snide looks as she was saying it.
No greeter, no one took a moment to talk to me.
Looking to get my card replaced and it seems that there are four client reps sitting in their cubicles.
Two without clients and none to take care of my needs.
Also 5 people behind the glass and none of them could help.
Lori is all about customer service, management seems nice.
I normally dislike chase as an institution, but this location is an exception to the rule.
I'm definitely looking to switch banks.
I been to this branch many times and it always seems like they are under staffed.
This didn't make sense to me, or anyone else in line that day.
This is how one conversation went down...   teller: "excuse me sir, would you like some help?"
Guy: "f**k that, it looks like you guys are the ones needing help here."
Teller: "sorry you feel that way sir..."  guy: "why are you out here?
There is a full line of about 20 of us out here."
On a positive note they did add another atm outside.
Like this bank location.
I'm in the bright light in what feels as a safe secure place.
I can get my grocery shopping and bank needs done.
Very easy to kill two birds with one stone.
The people seem nice.
I've only dealt with them once and it was when i opened a savings account for my daughter.
They also give my daughter a huge horse as a thank you gift.
She was in heaven.
When i looked up the brand i saw it was a 40 dollar stuffed animal.
Figured it would be less since it was free.
Or if i have to withdraw more than the daily balance allowed.
Even with those few transactions i rarely encounter a line anymore.
I don't have any set days and maybe it is busier on a monday or friday?
In any case, the parking lot is empty nowadays, and there might be 2 tellers on duty.
Who by the way are friendly and efficient.
Gone are the days when you see the same tellers who know you by face and name.
I hope this is not a sign of the times where this branch may close due to low traffic.
Gateway title agency is the way to go!
With absolutely no knowledge of how to sell a home i was referred to gateway title by a friend.
It was the best advice i ever got!
They explained and gave me everything i needed including great support.
Rachel and her staff are wonderful!
You cannot go wrong with gateway!
Thank you all once again.
I rarely go into this branch and i don't know why.
You might consider it more of a business branch and that is fine with me!
I went in on a friday afternoon near to closing.
There were no lines of people and things were going at a brisk pace.
The employees are always very helpful.
Now that i think of it, it has never been overly busing-line wise-anytime i have been in there.
I just wrote a review on my experience with a particularly strange individual i ran into at another business setting.
It's such a pleasure to say something nice instead!
If i had gone into in this branch more, i'd probably have give it five stars.
Really nice and smooth transaction for car loans!
The manager is rude and seems to stereotype or look down on people.
I worked in a bank before with women managers who had big power trips/egos so they are naturally snotty.
I know her type and would hate to be her employee.
The customer service and care is lacking.
Also, the way they posts items is not consistent.
However, they will look at you crazy and treat you badly because of their horrible system.
So if you don't have proof of their inaccuracies they treat you like you're insane lol.
Good luck with them!
These guys were terrific!
The entire deal took less than 14 days.
This chase has the best customer service!
Everyone was accommodating as i waited no much longer than 5 minutes for my appointment.
Jared was informative & fun to converse with.
This location is smaller than most, but it has the best feng shui in my opinion.
One little thing that could be an issue is the parking lot.
Joy was my state farm agent for years before i moved to california.
No upselling products here.
She also helped me with banking and investment accounts.
Cannot say enough positive things about joy and her office.
Worst service ever never banking with this place.
Rude disrespectful  and not wanting your business.
Came to open a new account and clarify time sensitive dates.
Turned my business away because of my time sensitive concern.
Call center had phenomenal service.
I've been to phoenix a half dozen times, though only twice since i've been yelping.
Yes, the grand canyon is absolutely incredible.
A world wonder in fact and you should not miss it.
Please understand that it's not exactly close to phoenix.
But there's more to the state than the canyon.
The lowell observatory in flagstaff was where pluto was discovered.
The pima boneyard is where old aircraft go when they're not needed any more.
Monument valley, on the arizona/utah border.
The hoover dam, on the arizona/nevada border.
Sedona, havasu falls, petrified forest.
And i've only been to *some* of those places.
Writing this list has me thinking that i need to be back in arizona.
I had a check of $750.00 from my renter returned because of a stop payment.no big deal,right?not at this bank!
They debited the 750 twice throwing my account into a negative balance.i could not use my debit card,called the help??
A lot of experience with banks in many cities, east to west coast.)
I am absolutely stunned at some of the negative reviews.
I wonder, do they have the right branch?
Whatever, here's my view.
Customer since september 2015.
I have never walked into this branch without someone greeting me.
You don't get that at chase and you most certainly do not get that at bank of america.
The longest i have ever waited on line was perhaps four minutes.
The tellers are efficient, pleasant, personable and businesslike, yet not stuffy.
They know their stuff, and can accommodate quickly.
Even on the exit they have someone there to wish you well and say goodbye.
I realize it's a bank, but it's simply a nice place to visit.
The branch also maintains extended hours and is open on saturday.
I imagine if you're not purposely looking for a problem, you won't find one at this wells fargo branch.
I found that wells fargo bank seemed to be best for me and my needs.
His name is joseph giustino.
It seems as if now a days banks are in love with charging their customers fees, fees, fees!
With the account that i had opened, there are no monthly maintenance fees.
This is very refreshing, being that the fcu that i have back in honolulu has none, as well.
What in the world?!
Thank you, wells fargo!
Found my dream car at one of their credit union sales.
When they have their car sale it's the best way to buy a car.
Was a very loyal customer and now will never go back to pawn first.
The gilbert location was amazing.
Best staff ever and where always helpful!
I now have to lose my items because i will never step foot in their location again.
This boa has been here since i can remember (and i've been in charlotte for ## number of years now!).
It's a convenient location next to carolina place mall.
Probably the only downside to this location can be the mall traffic.
I am happy with the rate i got with blue brick.
The overall service was just okay.
I felt like i had to contact them to find out what was going on most of the time.
They tend to move fairly slow, i think it took me about 1.5 to 2 months for my refinance.
Fortunately for me, the rate did not change, but i also realize i was lucky in that regard.
They were always friendly enough to talk to and in the end, it turned out fine.
The offset to this of course was that there were no loan costs whatsoever.
That's a big value compared to most other lenders.
If this can be looked into...
I would greatly appreciate it
Save ur money :) the staff at boa are always happy to see you!
No matter what the reason that you stop in.
They have a app that can help you also.
I wish there was a "no star" option!
This was absolutely the worst customer service experience!
I wonder if they ever heard of social media and reviews like this!
Absolutely the worst customer experience!
Several minutes later....my si1 clarity ring is $235????
Don't buy anything from here.
These people know nothing about jewelry.
I told them i have the papers for the ring, was i going to give them those - no.
This is just one of many recent issues that i have noticed with this bank.
I am hearing very good things regarding midfirst bank and will take my business to them.
Recently joined this bank chain at the sahara-decatur location.
But every time i go (and i go at off-peak hours!)
There's a considerable wait, especially to work with a banker.
But this location is sneaky, i didn't even notice it in this plaza until i pulled it up online.
It's convenient to my work, so i stopped in to make a deposit- and there was no line, at all.
Their staff is super friendly and helpful.
Two thumbs up, this is now my preferred location.
If i could give them negative stars, i would.
Terrible company to do business with.
I assume the .24 is how they cover the "zero charge"processing.
Whatever you do, learn from my error and don't use blue brick financial.
I wish i would have paid attention to them.
Will never, ever, ever use them.
Got a letter offering 3.75%.
When i tried to apply, was emailed they could get me 5.1%.
How are they in business!
Actually i have no words to express how rusty helped me for the home loan process!
I am an self-employed performer that been in this situation for last 10 years!
Just recently moved to vegas and plan to purchase a place that i can call home.
I called so many different banks and mortgage broker for loan.
On the phone they actually simply said that to me over the phone "don't waste both our time".
I almost give up keep finding for loan until i found rusty on yelp.
I thought just give another shot to hear the same answer over again......!
And i called and told rusty my situation and he got me the answer is yes.
I can do it for you!
He helped me closed a house with in just two weeks from i placed an offer.
Even my realtor she couldn't believed it went so fast and smooth.
Not even cash offer could closed that fast.....!
What can i say about that.
I am so happy and lucky that i found him that he helped got my first home with this situation!
Thank you so much rusty!
Parking is a nightmare with goofy road access and the need to get your ticket validated.
Tellers are hit and miss for courtesy and the branch manager is unhelpful and dismissive.
Recently purchased a short sale and our realtor used national title.
Obviously we purchased title insurance since short sales can be so iffy sometimes.
Well when it came time to disburse the funds they didn't pay off the garbage company lien.
Complete incompetence if you ask me!
Um, yea...the paperwork that you prepared for us to sign.
I already paid over a $1000 for title insurance!!!
For just this kind of circumstance.
If you're an agent that uses them...maybe think twice about that too.
Even our realtor couldn't get them to do the right thing for us.
Am a realtor  for california and nevada!recently i had transaction in which national title  was escrow and title.
I do not usually post reviews  but here is one and unfortunately bad one !
Absolutely disappointed  from national title .
I have worked with  many escrows in california and nevada.never  seen such a sloppy closing !!
I am absolutely  speechless.
Multiple mistakes and so  many excuses.
They prepared a payoff for different  lender and much higher amount and wanted the seller to sign.
I wouldn't say huntington bank is a bad bank.
But the huntington in banking on 11417 mayfield rd, cleveland, oh 44106.
Now that's another story.
The bank clerks don't even want to help you.
They always miss count your money.
I deposit money every day.
They always miss count my money.
They don't want to use the money machine to count the money.
They want to hand count the money instead.
Because they're too lazy to get up off the chair to use the money machine.
Never go there and if you do go make sure you double count your money because they will rob you.
I normally love the staff & the bank.
But, the two white customers were not made to get out of line to fill their deposit slips.
I called corporate to complain.
This is unfair and unjust.
There's not enough words to describe the beauty of the grand canyon.
Had an amazing time
Friendly staff, always a pleasure to go here and do my banking.
Personal bankers are always available.
I never have to wait long, if you even have to wait.
I usually can walk right up to the teller.
Tried out wells fargo for our business banking and it was a horrible experience.
If you do any business banking this place will nickle-&-dime you to death.
Monthly fees, credit card fees, even to deposit cash they charge you a premium.
You get charged for all these little fees that are not initially disclosed to you.
We worked with the vp dan rodriquez at this particular location and it was just a bad overall experience.
We moved our banking back to bank of america.
I left the big banks and my only regret is that i didn't do it sooner.
Cold, heartless and greedy!
Their staff is friendly and extremely helpful.
I receive personal attention that i never got from the big banks.
Definitely a rare thing to see.
See for your self.
I will recommend rusty to anybody.
These people are awesome!
Perhaps the other reviewers were turned-off by the small town feel of this credit union.
To me, they are more like the "cheers" bar "where everybody knows your name!"
We are refinancing (i prefer to call it "firing' bank of america.)
And the process couldn't have been easier!
Kim, loan consultant, has made the process simple and seamless.
Also, we went to a info seminar on social security and it was a gas!
The info was great but the food (forge social house) was even better!
I'd review forge social house (5 stars) but couldn't find them on yelp.
Banking at the boulder dam credit union truly is a "wonderful life!"
From my mortgage to my 401k these folks do a fine job and are rarely busy or delayed.
Made an out of state deposit here and found the staff to be pleasant and very helpful.
Came at the end of the day and the lobby was empty of people, nicely decorated and maintained.
It gets worse yet again.
My stupid self should never have trusted them for a new business venture but now it's one thing after another.
I'm going to see deanna jordan at comerica bank as soon as we straighten out this mess.
I'm new to wells fargo so i was looking for a branch that i could count on.
This one was super clean and quick...and it was a friday, too!
Everyone was very friendly and eager to help.
It'll definitely be my "go-to" location.
This place is awesome.
Great dvds for only a dollar and video games in good condition for 5 bucks each.
This is my second time coming here.
Last time i bought a ton of movies.
I guess this time was video games time.
The workers are nice and quick.
The store is small but there's a lot in that little space somehow.
The games i got were fallout 3,  bulletstorm, tekken 5,  soul calibur v and town raider underworld.
I'll come back in another week or two to see what other games they'll have.
One of my favorite pawn shops.
This place is way cheaper than gamestop for video games.
Once again only 1 banker who "may not be able to help you before we close".
Meanwhile 2 others sitting at their desks while 3 customers waiting.
How about some cross training??????
This is the third time we have been ignored.
This is for all chase banks...not just this one.
And it is not regarding the great service, five star, i would normally give for how great they have been.
I am very disappointed they have chosen to go almost fully automated.
This lacks the personal touch i've always enjoyed there.
I realize this is how the world is going...not happy about it one bit.
I loved the staff at this location and was sad to see it close a few months ago.
I've checked in enough times, i really should write a review for this bank.
First of all, i need to say that i have definitely seen improvements in their drive-thru lanes.
95% of the time that is what i use here.
They have 3 atm drive-up stalls, and lately they've all been working fine.
(this past summer it was hit/miss if they would accept cash deposits or not.)
But now that they've installed new cash-takers on the machines, things seem to be working much better.
Inside there typically is a line, however it moves fast because they always seem to have 5-6 tellers.
Most of the tellers are bi-lingual here.
The only reason this branch got one star was because i couldn't give it a lower rating.
We've been to the petrified forest it is amazing!
To see how the trees turned to stone and fell over and broke like glass!
We saw the painted desert the grand canyon and carlsbad caverns and several indian ruins!
I moved to arizona about a year and a half ago and decided to give this bank a shot.
However, i was urged to move over to chase because of better services.
Today though, i went in with my friend to help her order checks because she is new to everything.
The personal bankers name was brianna vasquez and at first, she was nice and professional.
I tried to make small talk and thats where the problem occurred.
She completely aired me out as if she was super busy when the place was empty.
I dont know if shes just a rude person or does not know what customer service means.
Tldr: avoid brianna if you are the outgoing type and have someone else help you.
I contacted them many times.
My husband contacted them also.
They refused to give us a copy of our vehicle loan papers.
For whatever their reasoning, they had to call to terrorize us!
I just finished signing loan documents this morning with leilani.
I was referred to kari's team by my real estate team and could not be happier!
I have a lot of questions and i like to get advice from the experts in any given field.
The person i worked the closest with was leilani and she was amazing!!
Kari's whole team was amazing!
They put up with my constant calls, emails, even texting me when i asked for late day updates.
My 30 day escrow close date was supposed to be today 6/10/16....and i signed the documents this morning at 8am.
I received a phone call from kari and leilani at 10:30am telling me that funding was already done!
Now we are waiting on the county to record and i will get the keys to my house tonight!!
I am in shock as to how quick this was, how painless this was and how amazing these people are!
I can't thank kari and her team, especially leilani, enough!
This is s great representation of a bank that has little care for the customer experience.
I tried out this bank thinking i would move from the big four.
It was not a score.
I was unable to reach phone customer service after holding for a hour.
I was unable to access my savings account at the arm.
Check prices were outrageous.
No personal bankers at this location when i was there to close my accounts.
They didn't even ask me why i was closing my accounts.
Terrible bank, subpar company.
Pretty spacious for the inside despite looking a bit dated.
Still, staff is friendly and they are knowledgeable in the products and service that they provide.
This is my normal branch that i bank at - as closest to my house.
Have been here more times than i have checked in --- trust me!
The people are what make this branch stand out.
Always friendly and willing to help.
They remember my name and my preferences - know how to get me in and out fast.
Note: this branch is inside the fry's grocery store.
Just a great atmosphere, everyone is cheerful and welcoming.
I truly appreciate banking somewhere where the staff doesn't treat you like a number
The freedom drive location is the worst.
Slow, understaffed and lacking any level of customer service.
I will not return.
I visited this establishment with very low expectations, which were due to the bad rated reviews...and was pleasantly surprised.
Not only were they incredibly efficient, they were extremely helpful.
While there, a man was haggling a $30 tool down to $5.
Even though it was listed for $8.
People need to understand that it is a business and you can't always have your way.
If you're upset because you didn't get paid your properties total value, then go somewhere else, there are other options.
I reinstalled yelp just so i can give an honest review.
The drive thru is good just don't go inside.
0/10 would not recommend
I have been banking here since i moved and they are always so friendly and helpful.
Friendly and helpful staff and great service.
I would recommend them over any of the big banking institutions!
Visited this branch location for the last time today!
One teller at the window and 6 other employees just hanging around!
Not a hello or greeting from anyone to acknowledge my presence.
I am left standing there with cash in hand to deposit.
Seven pairs of eyes on me, yet no one bothered to assist.
Needless to say, i walked away pissed for wasting my time.
Then had to waste more time traveling to and waiting in line at another branch.
Lazy lazy people at this branch who did nothing for me today.
This review is for desert schools fcu in general.
If you are looking to get a business account beware!
Do not open a business account here!!!!
When opening my account 2 employees told me they would get me business checks free for signing up with them.
2 weeks later i called them wondering how much longer before i got the checks in the mail.
They told me they would be $90 and hadn't ordered the checks!
Okay... next i have been depositing checks via the atm since i work long hours.
The holds on the checks are 1 and a half weeks long!
They told me its because i'm a new member so i asked how long does that last - 30 days.
Don't waste your time here.
I completely understand the one star rating with this terrible bank.
Update: seems like jose the manger is really working towards getting professional employees.
Today i went in and cashed a check.
So i moved the rating from 1 star to 3.
Hopefully in the near future i will be able to give them 5.
Walked into this branch today and got terrible service from the 2 grumpy old ladies who were rude and unpleasant.
Avoid this location if you can.
Given his fair rates i was able to initiate and deliver on proposals and repay capital with very profitable margins.
Definitely recommend gravity for any funding needs in the phoenix area.
The most incompetent bank i have known.
All to no avail.
I am closing both, saving and checking accounts.
I will never recommend this credit union to anyone.
I went to this bank location today to get a check reissued and the staff was very friendly and effective.
I definitely recommend this branch to anyone who banks with wells fargo.
Really nice guys here that always help me out quickly!
I've been here several times and it never ceases to amaze my how easy it is to get some help.
Manuel is super nice and very efficient and i never have had a bad experience here.
I have been with america first credit union since 1993 i believe they were network credit union back then.
A-1 operation.i wish i could give them 10 no 1000 stars.
They're making me happier than b of a as of late.
We'll have to see how it goes.
Not too long of lines so that's awesome.
I highly recommend this money exchange  service location in downtown toronto to any tourist.
The clerk was fast and knowledgable and was honest on top of it which matters a lot.
I was really satisfied with their service since all the sings were posted clearly and easy to read.
I've been in the industry for 30 years and i strive to be a consummate professional.
It's a pleasure working with national title and their team!
Micamp has helped me with my business's credit card processing needs.
They are great with helping find that right merchant service solution and are affordable.
If i could rate a negative star (or stars) for this branch i would.
Unfortunately, the check was lost in a move (most likely in an unpacked box).
I requested to speak with a supervisor about this circus of an experience - i had accounts here for years!
I was told they are sorry.
Well, "they would have to do some research".
Prospective credit union members - beware.
Go to another credit union.
This one is not customer friendly and certainly not professional.
Fantastic customer service at the windows.
Tellers are pleasant polite and most importantly efficient.
Went in twice and was remembered by name.
2 hours on hold to talk to someone till i gave up.
I tried more than once at varied times of the day.
The recorded message always says "very high call volumes that will further delay your call"...
If your call volumes always exceed the number of reps.... why don"t you do something about it?
That's if you care about your business.
I once got a voice mail that said "we will return your call within 1 business day."
I left a message.
That was over 3 weeks ago and no one called back.
I have an issue that cannot be resolved through the "automated system" or through the website.
Anyone knows the contact info for the president or the ceo of rbc bank in the u.s.?
That's not the first time i'm shocked about their level of service.
I should have taken heed by the early signs i saw before signing the mortgage papers with them.
Stay away and go to wf or someone else if you can.
Even if the rate is slightly higher.
You get what you pay for, trust me.
I have banked with them for over a year and they are great.
I like the checking account they offer and they have good rates on loans.
How can you not give this bank a 5-star?
It opens on sunday, most banks don't.
It extend their business hours mondays thru fridays, most banks don't.
Seriously, do try them first before you give a bad review.
I don't understand all the negative reviews.
I had a great experience!
I wasn't up for the bank due to being incredibly sleep deprived, but everyone was so friendly.
Isaac helped us out, and he was very courteous and knowledgeable.
We were in and out of there pretty quickly.
We were also greeted with smiles and we had the door held for us upon arrival.
Been banking here for years.
I really love this bank.
Ive done 2 car lones with them and have gotten great interest rates.
Even with my not so good credit score from the past.
I've been with them for over 10 years, and watched the changes.
I like the progress they are making for a small cu.
I've always been treated well, and the handle the one-offs beautifully.
I trust them with my money and financing.
This place is a mess.
Every pay period there is something wrong on their end.
When i call to get some answers, the customer service reps are completely unaware of situations.
My last terrible experience with them, i had fraud on my account.
I called in to cancel my account and the service rep fought me on claiming fraud for my card!!!
She questioned me as if i had made those charges when i did not.
I will never use this fcu again because of the terrible experiences i have had with them!!!
Best branch that i have had the pleasure to do business with.
Zach is a great guy to deal with.
Friendly, courteous, and helpful.
He actually does his job properly.
If you need to do any business with the bank of america, i would recommend this branch.
I've been a customer for 30 years and it was actually refreshing to do business with this location.
I never have to wait as long as i do in other b of a branches.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
Flexible and convenient hours.
Open every day of the week until 7 pm and even have weekend hours.
Joy's a nice gal and her staff is pretty ok, too.
However, if you ever have a catastrophic homeowners claim, you definitely don't want joy in your corner.
So, to this day, the roof on my house does not meet scottsdale building codes.
I had been with state farm since i was a teen.
I'm now in my fifties.
She said, "ok."  joy and her husband, ed, used to be some really decent, reputable insurance agents.
But ed retired a decade or so ago and joy kind of stopped working when ed retired.
Dont get me started.
They allowed their screaming child to terrorize the place while the parents gave empty threats.
My transaction took about 20 minutes....insurance/mortgage related.
By the time i left, my nerves and patience were shot.
I also told her that i would feel safer stuffing my hard earned money in my mattress.
I think she got the point, she chuckled and smiled and i turned towards the door.
Compass, you get one star based on your employees, not banking practices.
This location is so slow.
I have sat in the drive through for 15 minutes, multiple times.
And i'm the only one there!
And i always have to wait.
I thought drive through banking was supposed to be more expedient.
It's not like i'm making complicated transactions, i'm either depositing a check or cashing one.
How are these dimwits employed when smart people can't find work????
Just like any other wells fargo branch.
Nothing spectacular, but are you expecting spectacular from a bank?
This is close to home, so i use the atm often.
When i have gone  inside, lines were short and service was good.
I arrived at this branch at 1230pm on a saturday afternoon.
On saturday they are scheduled to close at 4pm.
I went to deposit my cash at the drive through which the sign said was closed.
I attempted to put my deposit in the drive through container but it would not send.
It was clearly not open.
How is the drive through not open in the middle of business hours???
Horrible customer service and i will not be returning.
I am strongly considering closing my 4 us bank accounts.
My first time here.
Very friendly and seemingly a relationship-based staff as they interacted with customers.
Not the worst but not the best.
No bankers in the office to manage accounts.
Had to wait forever!
Miguel hernandez is absolutely amazing!
Extremely knowledgeable, great customer service, super friendly.
I went to this b of a branch yesterday with a friend to get a cashiers check.
As we entered the bank we could not help but notice the line led all the way to the door.
He was busy in his office chatting with another employee.
I strongly suggested having an additional window open.
He let me know that one employee had to leave for a family emergency.
That can be understood but 2 or 3 minutes later 2 other employees left to go to lunch.
I agree with the other posts regarding this branch that it is the worst experience ever.
Take my advice and avoid this bank.
Can't believe wells fargo made a mistake like this: the teller deposit my money to someone else account!
Omg it's my fault now?
I have no words to say!
These guys are really friendly,  down to earth,  and very helpful.
I have all my accounts here and i always have fast and efficient results with them.
I love that they know me and call me by my first name :)
Do not come here!
Long waits in line!
I love wells fargo and i absolutely hate it when branches are understaffed.
Suzie drinkwine at the lake mead is the best.
She helped me refinance my cars and saved me  a ton of money.
I used to belong to sunwest before yelp and the internet existed.
Glad to see they are still around for me to become a member yet once again.
This was just the opposite!
Rusty was quick to answer questions and respond to requests.
He was helpful and honest about the loan process.
My husband and i both work on contracts and don't have regular jobs.
Our escrow closed early and we were in our house sooner than expected.
Even our realtor raves about rusty!
Amazing location where the staff treats you like an old friend just for being a member of their bank.
Will lewis went above and beyond to provide top notch service.
This place is a joke!
Go to any other title company in the world before you go here!
Karma is going to get these guys some day.
I left you for a reason, there's no need to try to lure me back in.
Do not work with barbara.
She does not have the knowledge of products needed to help you.
Sorry we went here for our loan.
Wish i could give no stars.
This is a great location and they have some decent power tools.
However, they're closed on sundays!
Sorry, this is not acceptable in the world of retail/pawn in a city like phoenix.
You're missing out on a ton of business.
And most importantly, mine.
I opened 3 bank accounts here a few years ago.
When i bring it up they just laugh about "those fees."
I've never stepped foot in this branch since.
The above review is simply untrue.
I recently made a purchase for a large dollar amount using pay pal.
I apparently double clicked when approving the transaction and the payment came out twice instead of just once.
It takes 4 days afer resolving the issue for the money to be deposited back into your account.
Desert schools charged me $180 worth of $30 non sufficient fund fees, 4 of which in in just one day.
They offered to overturn $30 worth of fees.
They charged me $180 to loan me about $300 for 3 days.
This is a predatory practice.
I have been a customer of desert schools since the early 1990's and things sure have changed since then.
I am happy to pay 1 flat fee per day, but $120 in one day is absurd.
I am truly offended by there lack of understanding and lack of compassion in this situation.
I felt like i was back at chase or bank of america.
I am searching for another bank that shuns this practice, please let me know if you know of any!
I will be writing my congressmen in hopes of preventing this from happening to you.
A $180 mouse click, who knew?
I cannot say how much joy means to our family.
She actually came you to my home for two hours to clean up a disaster.
She is my girl!
I would like to thank ms. marika jacyla for excellent service.
She is caring, helpful, efficient and i have no words to describe her positive attitudes towards clients.
I am a new client and i want to express my gratitude for her  efficient help, knowledge and encouragement .
Thank you from a bottom of my heart.
You represent your organization with pride and great experience.
It is a great pleasure to join buduchnist credit union.
Wells fargo never owns there errors.
Called twice to order debit card.
Not once was it ordered.
3 weeks later still no card.
Spoke to supervisor told me the same thing.
So now its going to over 30 days with out a card.
And i work during there business hours.
Wells fargo you suck!
Sucks im not rich.
Poor people never get the breaks.
Other than that, this location is convenient and has tons of parking!
Are you kidding me?
The news hit me like a ton of bricks.
You're going to charge me $2 just for the privilege of accessing my own checking account?
For a full month, bofa didn't back down.
And other big banks soon followed suit saying they'd also look at charging debit usage fees for their customers.
Within days of bofa's announcement, i began looking into the move myself.
On the whole, the credit unions are structured very similarly to the banks except in terms of scale.
My biggest concern with joining a credit union was about access to my accounts.
I ended up choosing desert schools as my credit union of choice for a couple of reasons.
Additionally, desert schools is part of what is known as the credit union atm cooperative.
And the best part is desert schools will waive or reimburse any access fees associated with using these co-op locations.
In terms of the banking experience itself, i've had nothing but positive experiences with desert schools branches.
The staff at each branch i've gone to is friendly, efficient, and organized.
Small potatoes perhaps, but certainly an area where they could use improvement.
All things considered, the move to desert schools has been a positive one.
As long as that remains the case, i see myself as a desert schools customer for the long haul.
And desert schools if you're reading this, how about adding a downtown phoenix branch soon, eh?
I have banked with this bank through at least three owners now and bmo is the latest.
Hoping things are going to get better.
I came in there at about 3:55 pm and asked for a notary.
The teller than told me it's busy and will take an hour since only person is there.
Okay fine, no worries.
Extremely rude and unprofessional.
I was in the process of selling my car and just needed a notary.
Super unprofessional and rude people at that branch from what i have experienced.
Anyway i ended up leaving and going somewhere else since it was almost 6 and everything closes.
Went to this location today to deposit coins.
I turned around nobody inside or near door and another banker is on phone.
I had 39 coins!
Only 25 needed to be put in roll!
It's the way she says it to you like you are a bother.
I  just didn't end up rolling them instead closed my account.
She proceeded to do that wrong also.
Had to sit with joann to fix  everything .
Joann was so pleasent and understanding wish i went to her in the first place.
Sad been with them 8 years.
They have always been good, professional and friendly.
I have been noticing they do have coffee and also offer water to customers.
They are also very prompt to greet customers as they come in through the door.
I am very sorry i do not remember any of the names but everyone here has been very helpful.
Today is another example of why i am glad to have mark.
We unexpectedly found a car we liked to replace another vehicle.
It was late in the day and we contacted mark to update our auto policy.
He went back to his office and in no time we had our new insurance papers.
There is always only 1 banker at all times waited 25  minutes to open an account i finally just left!!!
This location simply sucks the tellers are great that's why i gave it 3 stars
Who knew you could review individual states on yelp?
It was a great joy to travel to this amazing state and see all it had to offer.
So much to see.
Well we explored parks.
Different places to eat.
Had the joy of going to   the beautiful grand canyon!
Go and watch the sun come up over the canyon.
And the sun go down later on.
It will take your breath away and sweep you away with the sheer magnificence of it.
Sedona is just as stunning.
You are surrounded by red rocks.
Try to eat in town maybe outside or at least somewhere with mountain views.
You may encounter a little town called two guns.
I think the population was four people when we went and we met two of them.
So we can say we met half the town!
The homes were so unique looking.
Did not love phoenix.
Sorry but there was alot of smog and it was to much of an urban sprawl for me.
We got lost a few times.
One thing i would advise: it can get hot in arizona and sometimes you cannot feel the heat.
It really isn't a humid heat like florida.
I wound up getting sunstroke which my wonderful friend called to my attention.
It really is a dry heat so be aware.
Loved the whole state though.
It is a stunning collage of glorious mountains, parks and stunning horizons.
I cannot imagine how cool it is to live there.
We had a great time and if you haven't been you need to go!
Desert schools is the best financial institution in the phoenix valley.
Their customer service is top notch and their friendly staff always makes me feel welcome.
Miguel and alina helped us out today and they were wonderful!
Terrible all the way around!
Metro branch answered their phone on the first call and provided helpful and professional customer service.
They did everything not to help and alienated a very long term customer.
If i could give 0 stars i would!
At the same time, 3 other associates are doing nothing.
Obviously the other reviews were written by bac.
Finally, they say i'm an advantage customer due to my longevity.
If this is how they treat loyal customers,  how do they treat everyone else?
Don't bother calling customer service to complain, they keep you on hold for hours.
Asked to speak to kimberly to change an appointment.
Young man who answered the phone said she was busy, which i understand.
But he was incredibly rude about taking the message.
We've been customers there thirty years!
I took car loan with truilant on december 2012 by providing all documents and insurance details.
I was surprised to see a forced insurance of $711 in april 2013 statement.
Very poor customer service!
The lady at the bank teller drive thru, was so rude!!
Like really come on there are no cars out front this is your job!!
Each time you were going to say something they would just shut the monitor screen off
I usually only uses drive-thru to do deposits and payments.
Sometimes there's only 1 person working the drive-thru windows, so it takes a long time doing my transactions.
Wish they would change that so i won't have to take my money elsewhere.
The employees here are awesome.
Lord knows that must be hard with the volume of people they see daily.
They get 5 stars.
But...the establishment...the management...policies...whatever it is...is horrible.
It's getting worse, not better.
Something needs to be done or customer service will surely suffer and that would be a shame.
Worst experience every time that i am here the employees are so rude to the customers.
This sweet old man just wanted to leave and she was so disgustingly rude to him.
Love that they are open every day.
Hours are a little shorter on the weekends.
Friendly staff and some of them remember me by name.
For both personal and business banking, this is a great and fast branch.
In addition, they have a couple of notaries who do not charge any fees to wells fargo customers...what?
I have been dealing with these guys for years.
They have always been helpful and polite.
When i ran into a problem they helped me out better than i expected.
I highly recommend them!
I only come here for the atm.
It's in plain sight with ample room for others to wait in line.
The one thing that totally sucks is that it's only one machine.
Should someone need to do more than two transactions it can be a pia!
However, when i have had to be here after hours i feel safe and confident withdrawing cash.
The parking lot in front is a little difficult to maneuver when driving a large vehicle.
The spaces are too small or perhaps too many.
But, it's a busy bank and they have to live with the property design.
The place was packed due to the holiday rush.
The line was long and i can't ding them for the customer's lacking.
They were working pretty fast in trying to get people in and out.
The teller was efficient in getting my specific requests accomplished.
So first of all their stuff is overpriced, criminally overpriced.
Even knowing that this place fails hard.
$100 offer for iphone 5c with all the accessories.
They didn't even wanna serve me...
They hate me and my american flags, but wave their flag in my face.....
All they do is okay spanish music and don't care about american culture.
They are here to destroy it with their degradation.
They are not willing to learn our language but impose it spanish on us.
All i hear is spanish this spanish that.... trying to hard you guys, get a life; this is america forever!!
Real legal patriots  of this land adapt, they don't rebel against the system, laws like you.
Why do you try and make it look like a foreign land, when it's not?
Giving one star in order to write my review.
Worst service ever the staff is so rude.
The lady up front thinks she is the president to tell you what to do.
Chase has a number to call to report however this one does not.
Please be aware to go to another branch it will save you a headache.
First us bank that i have been to that doesn't have a change counter.
I was insulted when the young attendant told me he'd give me coin rolls so i could roll them myself.
My god what has happened to customer service.
They have one the most helpful person...his name is kenny flores!
Wow he helped me get new bank cards.
I needed them that day and i got them thanks to him!
I got my plane tickets and i'm happy!
Thank you kenny for your help i truly appreciate a job well done!
Always a long line and only 1 teller.
Avoid this bank if you can, unless you want to wait at least 30 mins every time you come in.
I go hunting a ton.
Ok, i never do, to be honest.
What a beautiful old bank with a beautiful old building on top of it.
Not a lot of people actually bank here but the building itself is definitely worthy of the star rating.
A relic from old cleveland, and a beautiful one at that.
Let's cut to the chase.
Pretty generic dark grey building hovering over the skyline of cleveland ohio.
Also i'll be honest.
I have a premium investment account with chase and i f***ing love it.
No wonder rich people in america are so rich.
She was some black hair light skinned woman very thin ...
I hope she gets in trouble for making me feel i unwelcome and awkward...
This place is extremely inconvenient to keep your money in.
I have an account there, and it's always bothersome trying to go there.
The staff aren't the nicest, some are wonderful, some aren't.
If you like fees, this is the credit union for you.
Friendly but fee friendly too.
Stopped in for a business banker without an appointment.
Great first impression of customer service!
I had a real bad experience at this branch.
Thanks to the incompitence of 2 employees, trayvon jones and luis-the assist.
I should have known not to interact with these 2, but i had no choice.
These 2 employees were clueless and useless and under-trained!!!
All i needed was a page print dated 1-31st of march...easier said than done, people!!
Shame on you, wells fargo.
I ended up making a third stop at the nellis branch to go get what i needed.
I got there like (10min.
To closing) and yet i got the best treatment.
Because ultimately, they pay your salaries!!
If i can give them a zero star i would !!!
Go to a different branch
Marc s (or mark s?)
Always helps me when i go to this location.
In the future when i go to this bank i am always going to ask for him.
He is just an all-around nice guy and i feel like he genuinely wants to help me.
I don't know why this location has such low stars.
I haven't ever gone there and had anyone ever be rude to me!
I've been using bank of arizona for over 1.5 years now for my small business.
I think i opened my account with $50 and have never been charged a fee.
Nor will i ever).
One teller for 10 people waiting!
The manager can't assist nor anyone else in the bank.
Never going to this location again!
Hello bank of america it's called customer service:(
High school checking accounts here for my kids.
They were helpful in explaining it all and making sure my son understood the whole thing.
Can they get worse?
It just goes on and one.
I'm disgusted and will start looking for a new bank soon.
I'm not that big of a business so i think only a credit union will be responsive.
Oh lord, it can and does  get worse.
That's right, they've lost the contract.
Good thing i was only toting things to put in and didn't need something today like my passport.
Additionally, they keep charging me the checking service charge although that was supposed to be waived.
And they never sent checks for the account i opened six weeks ago despite phone calls and promises.
What is up with this bank?
Basically, i'm moving my business to my credit union.
It was a pleasure to work with blue brick financial.
The team (linda) expedited my process and simplified my life tremendously.
Even when i didn't have the complete information they went ahead and research it till they got an answer.
I will totally work with them again.
Wish i could give negative stars!!!
The line is literally out the door!!!
You should be adequately staffed on a day like today!
I've even come in on morning times and it's always the same thing!
I'm not sure who is staffing this place but that person needs to go!!!
I've watched several people complain and leave.....you guys need to get it together!!!!
People have things to do!
Waiting in line an hour to deposit rent......damn shame!!!
We worked with john fink to refinance our home in austin.
No one is better in the business.
He is ethical and upfront with every tiny detail.
Our first contact was with the branch manager jameil palmer by telephone.
We were surprised to get a same day call back with the exact information and details we needed.
We were very happy with the customer service that he provided.
The next day we went into the bank and met with oscar garcia personal banker.
We gave him a little history and he said that he would be happy to assist us.
I only wish all banks had employees that our passionate about excellent customer service.
The great reviews are definitely warranted for this place.
The whole experience from top to bottom was excellent!
Got my vault in a speedy and efficient manner.
All of my questions were answered in a friendly manner as well.
Keep up the great service!
Awesome staff take care of everything.
Love that they're a small biz and so connected with the community too.
I had a wonderful experience here today.
The manager was very patient and answered a million questions i had.
Its always scary to leave your belongings you know..
He ensured me that i am in good hands and have nothing to worry about.
The prices were not bad, totally worth it in my opinion..
If you don't trust the banks like me this is the place to go!
This place has really gone downhill since my very first visit.
The customer service here needs a lot of improvement, as does the speed of their service.
It takes forever to be acknowledged, let alone waited on, for one thing.
Mark brandon is always very responsive.
He and his staff always calls or emails me back, quickly.
State farm is a gigantic company.
But, mark is my go to guy on insurance.
I appreciate his suggestions on insurance and his patience in explaining it to my family.
Myself and my family have been using joy as our agent for almost 25 years.
Walking into their office is always a pleasant experience for us and their customer service exceeds expectations every time.
I would highly recommend this office.
This branch is so ghetto.
I get annoyed every single time i'm here.
Avoid this if you have low patience.
Us bank will give you fake $100 bills and then not replace it after making you wait for 15 days.
This bank is full of crooks!
Especially the branch located 4840 w desert inn rd las vegas, nv 89102
I practically know everyone in the office.
They are nice, friendly and knowledgeable.
Bill johnson and his staff have taken great care of us and been there for us when we needed them.
We eventually moved out of surprise and back into phoenix ( asu west area).
I bring this up because we could have switched to another agent way closer to home.
However, that never crossed our mind.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there !
I have nothing but back to back bad experiences with this bank!!
The worst customer service.
No one is knowledgeable of what they're supposed to do.
They misinformed me all the time.
The bank has not even sent me bills to my home.
Customer service on the phone is terrible.
Whether i go into the branch, or through the drive-thru, everything is done quickly and efficiently.
I have never had any problems or long waits.
Two thumbs up to the whole staff!
So apparently, the manager just informed me that they don't accept deposits 30 minutes before closing.
Never have i ever heard of this one before.
If that is the case, then maybe you should close at 3:30 on a saturday instead of 4pm.
But then wait, does that mean you still won't take deposits 30 minutes before closing?
If so, then you should probably close at 3pm then...  that makes absolutely no sense at all?
The tellers at this bank are not only slower than molasses but they can't even count money!
How does someone work at a bank and not be able to count money???
I would not use this bank if it were the only one in the whole city.
I know i shouldn't have but i am a nice guy so i said yes.
To make a long story short i came in, the guy talked to me greeted me and was pretty nice.
He talked me into opening a savings and checking account with citizens bank.
I already have a checking and savings account with s&t bank but he talked me into two accounts.
Well it was setup where it would take i 20$ out of my checking into my savings.
Well i never got a chance to put money into my checking so i kept getting fees.
So i stopped back and told them i wanted to stop the money automatic coming out of my checking.
They said ok it wasn't a problem.
It happens again, so i stop up again and just ask to close my savings account and keep the checking.
Again the say it wasn't a problem.
I waited a bit and they said they closed it.
Well it happens yet again!
Now i had enough and was done with citizens.
I stopped in one last time a told them i want to close everything.
Ironically it was customer appreciation day that day.
I paid my balance, they closed all my accounts, and i will never come back to citizens bank.
Thank you very much for being nice and help us get a vault fast and easy.
We will recommend your services to all our friends and family.
Have a great day.
Once the banker saw my savings account, he immediately asked what i was saving for...which is none of his business.
He then pauses the deposit transaction to tell me how low their rates are for mortgages.
I told him that we were not in that place yet to buy a house.
All i wanted was to make my deposit and order a new card.
He assured me that he would reverse the charges, and that it would be in my account automatically.
I thanked him and then confirmed that my new card would be in my hands within 3 -5 business days.
I checked my balance before walking in, as i had done all morning.
Upon entering and informing my request, i was directed to the same gentlemen who was working that day as well.
He replied with "that's interesting...i know i did those refunds".
Guess who answers the phone?!?...
They can not reinstate an old card after it has been deactivated.
Hold on...i was told it takes 3-5 business days.
At this point, i am beyond frustrated.
I asked if having a card overnighted was an option, and she said "yes.
I keep going back and forth when i need a safety box.
It's a little expensive, i won't lie.
But to each his own when it comes to priories :)  hope that helps.
Update: well, i stayed, because it was too complicated to leave.
And today, now that i'm a 31 year plus member, they did it again, mishandling an unauthorized transaction.
Hope you make good use of $35.00.
I recently made a visit to pawn 1st, and it was the most horrible experience!
I am a disabled person, and pedro treated me like i was an idiot.
I explained to him my disability, and he was impatient and rude to me.
Pawn 1st should be reported, for not making accommodations to disabled customers.
Just a simple fact of the rudeness to a person with disabilities, this employee needs to be fired!
Horrible customer service .
Friday afternoon 1 teller working w clients .
1 teller talking to another employee with 8 people in line waiting !!
Went here to open a business account, wanted me to wait 4 hrs.
I think that's a bit much.
That's poor customer service.
Guess i take my business somewhere else.
These people have no idea what they are doing!
Worst customer service experience i've ever had!
All other locations have been great but this location is just the worst.
Sunwest has been my bank of choice for the last 15 years!
I have yet to visit this location and have a bad experience.
I've followed her to this location because i know i can always count on her to answer all my questions.
Ed the older gentleman that works here is a hoot!
I absolutely love his personality!
Sunwest is also insured by the national credit union association which helps once again ease my mind.
I also like that you have several different options when it comes to managing your accounts.
This credit union also has overdraft protection fees which we all know is important.
Thanks for making my life easy and hassle free if i could give this location ten stars i would!
Been a customer for 28 years.
Soon to be no more.
Has nothing to do with this branch, but with management.
One bad customer service experience can undo years of loyalty.
Might as well deal with a bank.
Really glad i found the american guardian.
The enrollment process was quick, easy and informative.
Once i found a home and my offer was accepted, rusty went right to work.
I will continue to use their service for a long time.
In a city like las vegas its a good idea to secure your valuables in a safe place.
Most banks are out of safety deposit boxes but who cares i found what i was looking for!
When i arrived to pick up the money it had not arrived.
They actually had the audacity to question my order.
Fortunately,  the person who served me was actually there and admitted to processing the request.
He was most efficient and friendly when taking my request but the back office cibc continues to surprise me.
So i researched blue brick and checked with the bbb.
They are a fantastic company with a good reputation.
I tried to get my own bank to match their offer first and they couldn't touch it.
I refinanced with blue brick in december and it went smoothly and easily.
My mortgage payment changed only slightly and i went from a 30 to a 20 year loan.
I highly recommend them and will try to get into a 15 if the rates drop again.
I worked specifically with chris seago, aaron beynon and meissa darby.
So happy i found them.
One of the worst financial institutions i've had to work with.
Meridian's customer service is not only non-existent, it's bossy.
And she did it with an unwavering "you'll be sorry" tone in her voice.
So happy to have them out of my life.
I have never experienced such unprofessionalism and non-existent customer service in my life.
Find some other suckers.
I feel as such an inconvenience every time i deal with this branch.
For this reason and a few others, i will be closing my account this afternoon.
I rather deal with a viral bank (usaa) than feel like an inconvenience.
I guess my 15 years as a customer mean nothing.
There is nothing more unprofessional than when the younger girl with dark straight hair is blowing bubbles with her gum.
Save yourself a headache and don't bank with these people.
Love this branch, people know me and seem to want to be helpful.
My wife and i have our personal accounts here, and i have my business account with midfirst as well.
Nsb may be local but i do not feel that they value their long-time loyal customers.
The past few years have been hard on most everyone in the valley.
One would think that nsb and its' new president and staff would be attune to this.
Nsb thrived in las vegas and nevada in general due to its' customers.
If they do not have us, what do they have?
I already feel anonymous at local nsb.
It was not always the case.
In the past four years many things have changed at nsb and not for the better.
Don't tell me about saving trees and money.
Is nsb planting a tree for every account that goes paperless?
The only one saving money is nsb and making more money in the process by charging for this.
What nsb should do is to offer the client that goes paperless a deduction of $2.50 from the monthly fee.
The savings should be ours but it is not.
Going online may be great for the twenty something crowd, but for many of us it is simply ridiculous.
This is just one example of how they are treating their customers in a recession.
I have others but what is the point.
I have voiced my opinion at several branches and it has fallen on deaf ears.
Time to move on or shall i say over to another bank.
And yes, for the record, there are other banks in las vegas that do not charge a paper statement fee.
I'm from out of state and i often use this branch as it part of the shared branch credit service.
I've always had great customer service and easy withdrawal and processing of bank needs.
Totally thoughtless and inconsiderate ...
I registered for a workshop at this branch nearly a month ago.
I showed up this afternoon at the appointed time, only to find that the meeting had been cancelled.
They've got all of my personal information - from my email address to my mothers madden name.
They've even got my cell phone number.
Apparently they can only use that information when they want to sell me more services.
Leaving a young lady to break the news to me on her own.
(even that seemed a little chicken shit).
I don't fault them for needing to cancel the workshop - for what ever reason.
I've got plenty of issues with the inconsideration.
Steve tarrant has all my stuff.
It saved me the hassle of making a phone call to check it out.
He's got my back!
The people at truwest are fantastic!
The service is great.
The people are friendly.
And it is one of the best  credit unions i have ever been a member of.
Went to this pawn shop to pawn loan some of my stuff to pay for rent.
What i didn't realize was that they are going to charge me $142 on a $250 loan.
I've never had a problem with him before up until now and i bought and bought from them many times.
I'm very pissed that this happened and want to worn all who try to sell to them.
I would not recommend anybody go to the store and buy stuff for sell stuff.
Very disorganized company, maybe it's just this location?
If you can get your title else where i recommend it.
I've been through this process a few times and this was the worst.
Isn't buying a house suppose to be an exciting and happy event!?
Thankfully we had an awesome realtor that helped us over the bumps.
It's hard for any bank to get 5 star in my book, but i was pretty impressed with rbc bank.
First of all - free checking - how many banks still do that?!?!
That was what lured me to rbc bank.
So i closed it and went in search of a free checking account.
Like most things i do, i opened an account online.
That experience was not as simple as i thought it would be.
So, that was the minorly irritating part of the experience that made the rating 3 stars instead of 5.
She invited me to come in to get my online banking set up.
I normally would be wary of such a call because i generally like to interact with bank's websites.
And when i met with her, i realized that she really is eager to serve.
She just wanted to start building a relationship with me so that she could help me.
If it wasn't for the minorly irritating online account opening process, this bank would have earned 5 stars from me.
And i can't think of the last time i would have felt that way about any other bank.
There are inactivity fees on the checking account, they offer great rates, but read and understand the fine-print.
Watch you account like a hawk.
Since i never found a reputable construction company for my screened porch addition the heloc was no longer needed.
About 1 year later i went back to truliant to get a 37 month cd at 3%.
I was shocked but the 50$ in my savings account were gone!
Monies lost to inactivity fees with the checking account.
My rating is one star only because i got pushed into a checking account without being told about inactivity fees.
I got the $50 back since i opened a cd.
A great alternative to the big banks and all those fees.
I've been with alterna for several years and have had nothing but pleasant and helpful encounters with their staff.
They've met all my needs easily.
Very good bank... no fees for most services!
I have to say i love this branch.
I'm also a bofa client and wells fargo beats them down hard in las vegas.
Mirna lopez is my absolute favorite lady.
So helpful and asks questions if she's not clear on something.
I was even offered water once!
They also have lollipops out front.
I'm always greeted too when i enter.
Love wells fargo branch here!!
Where's your handicap line?
None existence that's simply pathetic no other words for it but pathetic.
I see staff walking around or just standing and observing the one teller bombarded with angry customers.
I am so thankful not to be her cause she is definitely getting rude patrons which isn't her fault.
Bofa you suck and your customer service is failing your consumers something awful.
Thanks for the horrific experience.
This is the worst bank branch i've ever been in.
I went in to cash a cashier's check on july 3rd.
The manager was super rude to me and was looking me up and down the whole time.
This branch manager in a $150 wrinkled suit is judging one of his customers hahaha.
His reply was "yeah, good luck."
Hahaha this manager was really power tripping.
I ended up cashing the check at the summerlin branch with zero problems.
But whatever, i'm on the toilet and have time to kill.
These guys are clearly uneducated and mix currency's by different countries in different continents!
They didn't know how to exchange currency, when i always do it at different chains.
I don't recommend this place there's one down the road that must be better..
This bank has it's act together.
Everyone is very profesional, eager to help but not overly over bearing.
If wells fargo is not your bank it should be.
I went to the branch to get a document notarized, and a signature guarantee on another.
The branch's only notary was socializing with co-workers.
It would have to be another week because she was going on vacation and didn't have a backup.
Again, she didn't have a backup.
I made an appointment.
When i showed up the next day, i was told the manager called in sick.
I was then told they don't do signature guarantees.
To my amazement, it took several calls to find a branch that actually had a branch manager.
The first few i called had lost their branch manager and the position hadn't been filled!
All they want to do is make loans and refer people to merrill lynch.
Great experience at bancless today.
The staff was very helpful and friendly.
I needed some coins for a father's day gift.
It was the perfect place to get what i wanted quickly and the prices were right too!
I'll definitely go back.
I would like to regard the general manager lemotd anderson.
I really was frustrated from the delay that i got for the money wiring, it took like a month.
I was extremely mad.
But the treatment that i got from mr anderson was great and must mentioned.
I honestly did not get any refund of the wiring, but requested the money to be back.
You are the right person in the right place.
I was out looking for an insurance with an agent that can help and answer my concerns regarding coverage.
It's always nice to have an agent that knows what they are doing.
Just a phone call away and i'm convinced and happy with my insurance coverage.
Thank you for your help.
To make it easier, he's located nearby where we reside.
This bank does not except cash money for deposits!
I have never heard of such a thing...a bank that doent take money!
I told him i would go make a cash deposit into his checking account.
I went to the in store location at happy valley rd.
I stood in line for quite a while, there was only 1 teller to help all the people in line.
I told the teller that i wanted to deposit $60 dollars into my sons account.
Then referred me to the "manager" of maybe 22 years old.
And she tells me we can't take the deposit due to money laundering issues and it's a new policy.
I was laughing out loud, and shocked!
This is just a poor customer service scam to get everyone to join this bank!!
My son has now cancelled his account with chase and will never return.
I will be telling everyone about this ridiculous policy!
I understand that money laundering is an issue, but they need to adjust this policy.
I mean i didn't have thousands of dollars, it was only $60 bucks!!
Normally, i have a great experience with wells fargo.
However, today i did not have a good experience with this location.
So i sat there for another 15 minutes waiting for someone to help me.
It wasn't until i was showing irritated body language that i was getting pretty upset with the situation.
At this point, the teller finally acknowledged me and deposited my money in less than a minute.
To reiterate, this transaction should've taken a couple minutes (if that) total.
However, it ended up with a customer waiting for over 20 minutes to be acknowledged and served.
However, wells fargo has now lost a loyal customer at this location!
Mark brandon - state farm insurance agency is just up the street from my new loft.
When i needed accurate answers and prompt service, mark and his staff was perfect.
Mark brandon made me feel totally comfortable with all of the information i needed.
He is a nice guy and i enjoyed  my visit.
He was able to quote and cover my home and auto in the same day i called.
I believe him to be extremely fair and reliable.
I highly recommend mark and his staff.
Stopped by this branch this morning on my way to work.
Strike a conversation with one of the african-american lady teller.
I'm surprised that she would think bofa customer service would be better than chase.
You would do that at the open window bank?
Good location, that's all that's good.
2) the three rules of banking never applied: convenience, cost, and care.
My old bank, although with tons of branches spread out everywhere, was never convenient.
The costs associated with the accounts were exorbitant and they raised my credit card interest rate to 38% "just because".
And nobody new my name after years of banking at the same branch.
Could you "pretend" to care?
If patience is a virtue and knowledge is power, jennifer craft is both virtuous and powerful.
Big plus for us bank: current and former united states military service members receive "platinum checking" at no charge.
Big pluses for this branch: care with a capital "c".
Open seven days a week.
A bank open on sunday!
In the words of big dan teague (john goodman) "see you in the funny papers, boys!"
Twyla, i contacted you and talked to you a couple times.
You said you will contact me and help me once everything is closed.
And you never did.
I didn't pursue to reach you or management because stopped expecting anything from this company.
You told me you will find me a insurance company who give me cheaper price.
Only before i sign paper.
So i finally gave up and paid off myself.
Yes it closed smooth.
But after it closed it's like you don't care.
Also you are forgetful, which broker can't be that way.
There are other company who are helpful and deliver personalized service.
I know you are busy but everyone is busy.
Been with this bank since 2008.
Debit card hacked (4 times) the bank sends me an alert, cancels the card but that's not my problem.
So the items were fraud and citizens made me wait 10 business days to give me back my money.
Another bank looks really good right now.
Started banking here about 3 years ago after having numerous experiences with the big banks.
I will never go back.
I love going in to this branch.
Everyone is always very friendly and makes it a very quick and easy visit.
I highly recommend switching over to this credit union if you're looking for a nice change.
Horrible service with the online banking.
The reps are not helpful, at all.
Will tell you something totally different than the branch.
Not only is the service excellent; but the attitude and the smiles are genuine.
We are newer clients with chase.
Fyi- if you want to open a check or savings account it's by appointment only!
Btw: this is one of their busier locations!
Opened a savings account for my daughter on friday.
Personal bank assistant was claudia.
She's been at this location for approximately 8 years.
Claudia worked with chase a total of 13 years!
Professional, patient & kind.
Entire process from start to finish is about an hour.
Additional info: they offer a high school checking accounts with many options.
My daughter walked out with a planner & money in the bank to start her future!
Can't feel any more pleased than that!
I recently (within the passed few months) started investing and diversifying my portfolio with gold and silver.
I found bancless on yelp while looking for a good local bullion shop.
The reviews were pretty good so i decided to pop my head in there.
I'm sure glad i did.
I am always felt welcome at this shop and the staff is always friendly with me.
I will continue going to this shop as such and will definitely be a regular client.
Thank you guys for helping me achieve financial decisions that are right for me.
Service sucks and they leave ads up after the item is sold to get more calls
Thankfully, it is run very well.
Service has always been pleasant and polite, as you'd expect from any other td branch.
The tellers have always been very knowledgable when i ask questions, including questions about my credit cards, travelling and easyweb.
Im rely recommend this place for anyone who's  looking for a safe deposit box.
I absolutely love this state farm office.
They always go above an beyond to help me.
I recently purchased a new car and courtney made the insuring process simple and easy.
I like this location.
I'm always in and out very quickly.
I have never waited more than 5 minutes to speak to a banker.
I've never had a problem that they couldn't help me with.
Call 'em a big impersonal corporate bank if you like, but this branch has it right.
I recently purchased a samsung blu-ray player from this shop after seeing an ad on craigslist.
There was a minor indiscrepancy over the price as the ticket read one price and the ad said another.
Obviously, they gave us the price advertised.
*note it is "pawn first" on facebook.
Rip off- i am begging you = do not get a loan from any title loan company.
Actually i can only speak for title max, but believe they are all the same.
You need $1700 but your car is worth $15000 and paid off.
They tell you that you are better off borrowing $10000 even if you pay it back the following day.
They tell you they won't take a check or credit card, just cash certified checks or money orders.
They won't take a debit card over the phone.
However, they did hold the first two for one week, the third for 6 weeks.
This allowed them to accrue more interest!
Interest is slightly over 108% apr the daily interest rate is over 29%!
Do not do this!
Dont go to any title max!
I am not saying the people are bad, but the company makes them do the job and follow horrible rules.
I just signed my second year contract with them today because i know my things are in good, trustworthy hands.
The employees that i've met with are always really friendly and make me feel welcome.
I have sent family and friends to use them as well and everyone feels that their possessions are safe there.
I would recommend everyone to use them if you need to store your valuables.
I have been a customer for over 20 years.
I love their checking accounts with free atm use for any atm in the country.
Their website has hardly improved in 20 years and is now far behind the competition.
Their stock advice i don't use and lucky for me because it hasn't been very good.
The local people are great but their system is 20th century.
As an example you can't sell a bond yourself online.
If you don't like the price, you get to do this over and over again.
Saved me from spending a ton o money on a fake rolex.
He was knowledgeable and explained everything.
I will be back soon to buy or any pawning needs that i may have.
I was very impressed with these guys.
I contacted them through yelp to ask for a quote and they responded very quickly.
After shopping around for quotes, these guys definitely had the best rate.
I went in and got my euros with no problem.
The staff member i dealt with was very professional and verified with me how much i was exchanging.
She counted it all right in front of me before handing it to me.
I'll definitely be coming back here next time.
I talked to a regional vp-type of customer service relations a few days ago and she can't help me.
I went to comerica and in five days had the credit i needed and the cards in hand.
Unfortunately, i'm severing a long relationship with the bmo bank.
That's four accounts and many years of trust.
They just don't have the same expertise and willingness with small business as i'm seeing at comerica.
Would prefer going to another location.
Would not come back here even for the convenience.
Very displeased with my experience i had at this location.
The female manager in charge could have handle better, very disappointed in the service provided.
Did not feel very welcome.
No stars would be more appropriate.
Today will be my last day as a customer of wells fargo.
I moved here from chicago in '02.
I cannot believe how many things there are to do here!
I love our climate- summer is hot but it only sucks for a couple months.
I think it's really fun that you have to dig and research for our gems.
My heart is definitely here!
2 tellers 16 people in line.
What a joke every time you come here.
Fire the people in suits who stand in the lobby and replace them with tellers.
Good customer service and solid credit union.
Personal banker bettyanne is awesome, she always follows up and is very easy going.
Amazing customer service and response time .
Talk about good stress !
Mark and team were right on it .
You got us fully covered from home to home , our cars ,term life , umbrella policy.
With home and even our safe driver discounts i might add .
Mark , thank you for over 15 years of handling all our primary insurance needs .
This review is long over due !
I wouldn't recommend anyone coming to this chase.
Called at 435 to see if i could open an account.
The teller says as long as i'm there before 5 i'm good to go.
If they're this careless with their customers imagine how careless they probably are with your money.
Worst customer service ever!!!
So bad i closed my accounts.
I received a call letting me know i was being charged for falling below my $15,000 requirement....ok fine.
I think they need to go through extensive customer service training.
Glad to give my business to someone else!!
Just walked out of the bank due the the weirdo in the corner staring at me and clearly jacking off.
No one else seemed to even notice or care.
I have been using this bank over 15 years now.
Best customer service ever, i would recommend this bank over any other, because it is member owned.
Great customer service, always helpful, security protection 100%.
I would recommend this place to anyone!
Needed to open up a new account.
Katie was wonderful, got us set up and done in no time.
The best i've received in phoenix!
This office is with the times, unlike my experiences with recent agents.
This branch is where the d-team goes.
3/14/18 an old rude chick actually lost my money...
Deposited it into an account that didn't exist!
She should not be handling money.
She probably can barely do math since she certainly can't read.
Just shut it down and fire all these terrible employees, they are wasting everyone's time.
( the sahara 89102 branch is wonderful though, love them!)
I am a realtor with platinum real estate professionals and am very pleased with my relationship with national title company.
Their service is excellent and prompt.
Their support with their comprehensive open house package is very helpful.
I'm very appalled she sent me message like this.
(the screenshot of pic is at bottom of page) she basically send me message asking who was my financial officer.
First, she must have done so many refinance or mortgage to all kind of people.
But i, person like normal income, only does mortgage or refinance once or twice maybe three in our life.
I truly regret i chose here.
At least my first mortgage officer at national mortgage company, always call me by name still till this day.
Where is personable service?
I'm done with this place.
I've never had a bad experience at a wells fargo branch.
This location is no exception.
The cashier i was dealing with was fast, efficient, and friendly.
Although i'm in the area often, i didn't notice this location until recently.
Since i'm in the area 4-5x a week, i'm sure this will be a regular spot for me.
Overall, a solid visit to the bank.
Return factor - 80%.
We came across this business while we were in vegas for work.
The whole experience getting a safe deposit box was great!
They were able to explain and answer a million questions me and my boyfriend had.
Stuff was very knowledgeble and proffessional.
They assured us that our belongings are safe with them.
First off, i want to compliment beau for his exceptional customer service.
He was very kind and very knowledgeable.
Truwest's cd rates are hard to beat in today's market.
He also gave me a gift.
Overall, i was very impressed how beau handled himself.
I was also very impressed about this particular branch.
(52nd and roosevelt) but what impressed me the most was the services that truwest offers.
Good luck to those who go to this location.
Blue brick financial is awesome.
They did a great job on getting me home loan.
I was very happy with their service.
Roger kept me in the loop at all times and i would recommend this company to all my friends.
These people are boneheads.
Trying to do an international wire transfer with an intermediary bank was like pulling teeth.
Zach over at chase bank has truly and continues to be amazing.
He's not the "sales type" where people really push to sell you something.
He truly cares about the people he works with and sits down and explains everything.
I'm so happy how my refinance is going so far and will be sure to update again once i close...
Awesome lending institutions and amazing service zach turner has provided me.
Thank you chase and thank you zach!!!!
A total rip off!
Don't ever go there!
I was in rush and went to change iceland crowns, and i've been scammed.
At this moment 700 cad is worth 57 500kr on the forex.
I only received 50 000kr... or 91 cad difference, straight in their pocket.
I know they will take something and that they are not indexed on the forex but $90 out pf $700????
My bad to have placed trust in them, next time i'll check before..
They get zero stars !
The "branch manager " nicole yates is racist !
I've never ever had one issue with my bank account !
Today i went in had to deal with this lady's disrespect her sarcastic remarks !
She told me to call them and let them know she was being funny !
I've never been so disrespected and humiliated by someone before !
I'm a vet responsible person but that lady nicole 100% racial profiled me !
If us bank doesn't do anything about this i will go feather !
I recorded the whole thing on my phone !
Dont go to this bank very very rude "branch manager" nicole yates !
Met andre guntzel today at this branch and he was top notch.
Nice to have that personal touch.
This credit union does not have a clue.
Had fraud charges of $1590.00 and i discovered it before their fraud department.
When i called customer service, multiple times, i was transferred to the wrong department, etc.
If you want you money protected do not use truwest!
I've used bancless for years.
Great guest service and great loan rates.
I love this branch!
Beautiful design, fast efficient service and good saving products.
Michelle chan is a great financial advisor!
This is just a super weird bank in general.
I am not sure whether making this about chase or this branch is more important.
I am republican, but am almost rethinking the over capitalization of these big banks.
My girlfriend and i went in to open a joint account with both of us already having chase.
The pb was not very knowledgeable and might have had a long night.
I was ordered the incorrect debit card and it took over two weeks to straighten out.
Also the account for some reason was not accessible for 2-3 business days.
This isn't a review about chase's checking or savings account options.
Those types of things are the same regardless of which chase you frequent.
This is a review for this particular branch--and namely how pleasant and helpful the staff is here.
The bank is big, clean, and well lit.
The staff is attentive and engaged.
If you're already a chase customer, this particular branch is a gem.
No surprises, no hidden fees, just a great company to deal with.
This is the slowest bank if you need to see a banker.
Waited 39 min and i left.
Worst customer service ever.
I agree with the other reviews.
An ode to arizona: a rendition from the wizard of az  scorpions, and rattlesnakes, and bearizona.
Buttes, and washes, and valley fever.
Monsoons, and forest fires set by humans, and haboobs.
The stupid motorist law, and half day kindergarten, and sb1070.
Lumberjacks, and wildcats, and sun devils.
More drones, and minute men, and a tall fence.
There's a state gun?
Hoover dam, and lowell observatory, and air force facility missile site 8.
Tombstone, and route 66, and the grand canyon.
Goldfield ghost town, and rawhide, and the o.k.
Petrified forest national park, and organ pipe cactus national monument, and montezuma castle national monument.
Slide rock state park, and fool hollow lake recreation area, and dead horse ranch state park.
I wouldn't live anywhere else.
So i was passing through vegas for an unfortunate estate sale from a family member passing away.
The value was immeasurable!
This is the wild wild west and your not even gonna have an armed guard?!
I found american guardian on yelp and shot over.
I walked in the door and the security guard immediately said hello and asked how can help me.
I appreciated how much security they had, and how attentive this dude was!
I honestly thought he was a cop when i first saw him.
I immediately knew he was sizing me up lol.
I was super happy with how clean the place was!
I filled out the paperwork, made a cash payment for several months, and was out the door in no time!
This place is awesome!
The guard was super attentive and i was very appreciative with how much detail the staff payed attention to.
Thank you guys and whoever there security is, good looking out!
Defiantly recommended and will do business with again.
Having to travel often i was always left behind with worries about my house and the valuables in it.
I needed a safe deposit box so i went to my bank.
They had six months waiting list so the search began...
I found the american guardian online and went to check them out and glad i did.
Very organize facility with hardcore security.
Very pleasant customer care, with answers to every one of my worries.
I've been with them for over a year and will be with them for many more.
Mom set up a living trust with mike olsen.
This is what he was paid to do.
When confronted he again lied, twisted facts and was a condescending jerk.
I suspect he has run into problems before.
I would highly recommend going elsewhere.
Spanish music should not be imposed to everybody who walks in your doors.
It's not mexico and not everyone speaks that language.
Plus, this place sucks, has nothing good.
Don't shop or sell anything to these guys.
From the moment of my first contact i could not be less pleased.
No matter what question you ask them you are greeted with a deer-in-the-headlights blank look.
If you call to follow-up you have to start from scratch because no one even knows who you are.
- they have zero proactivity.
And they are a very large bank.
I have a lot of money at dsfcu and no one has ever proactively called me for any reason.
- standing in line to complete a transaction is like watching paint dry (see "lack of training" above).
Smells fake to me (the review, not the dog).
Some people are vegans, some people eat organic, some people buy local, and some people ride their bikes.
I on the other hand, bank with a credit union.
Because the credit unions are owned by credit union account holders.
Something that has a nice ring to things whenever i find myself in bragging contest with a group of hipsters.
I have a confession, i have an rbc account too.
But rbc, who is connected to visa, calls me at the most annoying times with their telemarketing schemes.
However they do ensure just as great security and accounts that are competitive/affordable.
Credit unions are not for everyone, but truwest's mccormick/hayden location makes a fan out me!
The staff is friendly, hours are convenient, and i've never waited more than a few minutes for a teller.
Have not had a service problem at any of the truwest locations in five plus years.
This is the closest bank branch to my house, but unfortunately i always dread coming here.
This is normal for any bank but it seems like this branch is never in any hurry to help.
If you use a teller you get charged $8.95 for the month.
I can't say enough about this bank.
They used to be mainly a business bank but branched out to consumer.
Customer service is top notch.
Lena got me all set up with accounts and a safe deposit box.
I recently bought a house, and just to be nice i let them compete for the mortgage.
Steve howard was amazing - very knowledgeable, and had perfect follow up and stuck with me for months.
They came in cheaper than the broker who has been servicing my family for years, so they did my mortgage.
The personal service and eagerness to go above and beyond in every way has be very loyal to this bank.
At first the person i was working with needed prompting to move things along.
That person left the company and then i got rebecca arellano to work with.
If i had had her from the start, it would be five stars.
Refi went quick after that and as advertised.
If you refi with them, i recommend you request her.
After yet another horrible nsb experience, i feel compelled to write a review of this particular branch.
If i could give no stars, i would.
Stay away from this lazy crew...
I've been back since and my wait time was even longer.
There was only 1 teller working the window on a friday night.
Be prepared to wait every time you go here to make any kind of transaction.
I've lived here six years and have always had to wait.
The tellers are very slow .on a saturday they normally have two people from what i've seen there.
Each transaction takes at least 10 minutes if not more.
If you are in a hurry i would highly suggest not going there.
I sent be prepared to wait every time you go here to make any kind of deposit or withdraw.
On a saturday they normally have two people from what i've seen there.
Each transaction takes at least 10 minutes if not more.
If you are in a hurry i would highly suggest not going there.
If i could give 0 stars, i would.
You'd think this would be a simple request, but apparently not.
Again, i purely wanted to open an account and place cash into it.
I finally settled with placing the cash into my mother's account rather than opening my own.
Overall, both team members were less than friendly and they didn't gain a new customer as a result.
That was not the case.
She was again very curt and condescending when i asked questions.
Upon finishing the pre-approval form, shiela asked, "do you want to wait or do you want to know?"
Which to me is an odd way to phrase whether i'd like to submit my application.
I do not recommend this branch of sun west and would strongly consider doing business elsewhere, unless you're into belittlement.
Especially when you stent withdrawing much at all...
The tellers don't care.
No personal relationships being built.
It is filthy and old looking.
Nothing is updated and hey haven't updated it in 20 years except the atms.
I am just a number and a transaction.
They don't empower their people to make decisions.
Didn't even ask how my day was going, didn't ask anything about me, didn't care.
I mean seriously people take pride in the place you work.
This is absolutely insane to me that you can't clean a place where you work.
Don't sh*t where you eat and sleep.
Stop saying welcome to wells fargo.
It makes my skin crawl.
Just greet me with a good morning or afternoon.
I don't need to be welcomed anywhere.
Stop being robots, you are people, not machines.
Fast through the drive thru, every time.
I love banking with dsfcu.
Large and central location in downtown las vegas.
Clean and managed by solid individuals.
Never had a problem.
I was here on business (to meet with the owner), and was greeted by the friendliest staff.
These guys are seriously more outgoing than many staffers at nordstrom!
The store is neat, clean, and as one reviewer noted "doesn't stink like other pawn shops."
And from what i can tell, they have all of their teeth.
No really, they are all really nice guys!
Every time i visit pawn 1st they are somewhat busy.
Or get some great deals on movies, games, or jewelry.
I even bought a few dvds, for $3.00 each!
Keep up the good work, guys!
I have unfortunately been a member for decades and have found their it solutions to be greatly lacking.
I can't even check my balance or confirm a deposit i have been waiting for.
Seriously the worst bank i've used.
Atms are consistently down, customer service is unhelpful   save yourself the time and keep your money in a shoe box
I do enjoy coming to this banking center.
There is a friendly staff and the lines are usually not too long.
I prefer using the drive-thru atms, because this bank has them updated to deposit cash and checks, with no envelopes!
I've never had a bad experience here!
Absolutely no customer service!
Four people standing around and only one teller.
Manager needs some training
This branch can get busy as it's in a prime location in town.
Lines move pretty quickly and atms are easy to navigate.
Staff is also friendly.
They always act like they are doing you a favor by waiting on you an doing as u ask.
If it is an easy task like putting money in they are quick.
Anything else not so much.
Well i have very good credit an took out a personal loan through them.
I should have walked away but no.
Well that went on for about 3 months figuring i was making head way on the loan.
What they do is this.
There is zero incentive to get a loan from them.
Instead of getting a car loan from them go to the dealer you will get a much better rate.
I could not even imagine getting a house loan from them.
If you take a loan out through them u deserve what you get.
Stay away at all costs they are basically loan sharks
"our" branch closed so we are using the one in awahtukee.
My husband went to this bank by referral thru several co-workers in feb 2018.
It's the best decision he's made.
He was helped by a banker named estela.
She went over the car loan application thoroughly and it was quick and easy.
A few months later i decided to apply for a car loan as well and was pre-approved.
I procrastinated purchasing a car so my loan expired.
However, one phone call away was estela and she re-submitted my application and got it activated again.
Kudos to estela for an excellent customer service!!!
I highly recommend her to help anybody with their loan needs.
The joy estes office sets the bar high when it comes to insurance!
I would recommend them for anyone that looking for a knowledgeable and caring insurance office in the scottsdale area.
Rebecca and james are absolutely wonderful to work with!!
They are a great team and make things happen, while keeping their clients best interest in hand!!
Getting a true no cost refinance has really saved me!!
Thanks again rebecca and james!!
Best customer service i've experienced in the fifteen years i've owned a business.
Every individual at this bank provides sterling, knowledge service.
I strongly recommend this branch.
Charles, crystal, raquel, monica, courtney et al.
Beware...i was very unhappy with my experience pawning my guitar here.
Well i took in my my guitar in pristine condition and i got it back with a ding in it.
Do not pawn things here.
I'm not a member here.
I have been a member of navy federal for over 30 years.
This is a reciprocating atm location.
So, i withdrew $600.
Some atms give you a choice of bills, this one doesn't.
I asked a teller if i could change the $600 to $100 bills.
I was told by a guy in a suit that they could only change one or two hundred.
I thought this is where they keep money.
I also wanted to roll up $20 in quarters, but didn't bother to ask.
He said if i had an account he could do it.
I don't trust a place where large bills magically appear when you're a member.
How about service first, then ask about opening an account?
Will try opus or another bank.
Chase dispenses $50s, but there's an atm fee.
Wasted over an hour in transit to and from in the middle of the day.
I highly recommend his services.
Dan is definitey the best mortgage officer in the las vegas valley.
Blue brick was fast and friendly.
They were on top of everything and i was refinanced within the month.
These guys were awesome.
Thank you blue brick.
Great, friendly, super fast customer service & they have a drive-thru!
(: i've been to several wells fargo locations & this one is by far my favorite.
No ridiculous lines and long waits.
I can tell how passionate and motivated he is about his job and helping others.
But everyone else is really great.
You get personalized service like you're some big wig with tons of money even if you aren't.
The can do everything a big bank can, except they have more limited hours/locations.
I can guarantee you no big bank would do that!
So, the limitations are far outweighed by the great customer service i get from almost everyone there.
I've been referred to the american guardian by a friend who got a safety deposit box there.
After losing patience of waiting for my bank to make one available for me i decided to rent one there.
Very nice customer service and great security.
I defiantly recommend to use this company for anyone who has a need for a safe deposit box.
Let's start out with the positive stuff.
The best thing about this credit union is their free coin counter machine.
You put all your loose change in it and it counts it and they give you cash.
No fee's like at coinstar.
But, this is the only place this credit union doesn't have fees.
Really...they charge you a fee if you don't use your atm card that is linked to your savings account.
As previous reviewers said, this credit union is also not very tech friendly.
They have poor internet banking site and they don't communicate very well.
I know small local banks/credit unions struggle against the big banks, but a little customer service goes a long way.
I complained even to the bbb better business bureau...
This would prove to be a costly mistake.
Taken aback, i asked the teller why.
She made a response about x, y, z that i didn't really understand, so i asked to speak to someone.
As it turns out, an officer was in the bank, so he printed it out and walked me through it.
Turns out i had been repeatedly hit with insufficient funds and other various charges.
I had not received *any* notification of this, and told him as such.
He shrugged indifferently and said there was nothing they could do about it.
A few weeks later, after weighing everything, i went into close my account.
Oh wait, there were *more* fees i had to pay before i could close my account.
Once again, the teller couldn't explain it clearly, so again, i asked to speak to someone.
This time, i got a higher up in the bank, who walked me through.
I reiterated my story, pointing out the lack of knowledge and notification, and the potential even higher cost.
Completely different experience - warm, engaging, full of information even at opening (i'll review them once i have more experience).
Their response was i needed to set up online banking.
Clearly, my suggestions were not taken seriously or even considered (the reply was immediate).
But i suppose that would impact their ability to rack up money from fees.
I have to say, i'm very disappointed.
I've banked with a lot of places in my various residences around the us and world.
Never i have had a situation like this, or been treated so indifferently.
Under no circumstances can i recommend someone bank with nsb.
My most recent interaction with them was a nightmare!.
(i do, in fact i have about 15 accts.
But it's the principle involved)  you can't!
I would have expected better from the bank of america.
They are set up for what's best for bank of america instead of what's best for the consumer.
Sorry boa but after 31 years i think i have to move on.
I had good impression of her in the begging.
She sounded like she wants to be honest and try to educate me before i make decisions.
However, after i sign the paper, she became somewhat flaky, or indifference.
Whenever i called, her computer is slow( at least 3times).
Also there are things she said she will help to get the mortgage lower but she never did.
I followed up and called but she said i should not do anything right now because it's still in process.
I hope no one else become victim here, i should have take more time and chose my broker.
I regret i chose here.
I recently used national title when i bought my new home.
I was really pleased with how well they know the laws about title and escrow.
All my questions were carefully answered.
The customer service was awesome too.
The only place in las vegas i trust to protect my valuables...thank you so much for what you do!
My bank of america visits here average to 3 stars.
One star for the visits i have to withdraw money or pay toward a credit card payment.
Five stars for the visits i deposit money or cash a check.
On a serious note.
It is an ok bank.
It is convenient for residents that live in green valley.
It shares a shopping center with sufficient parking.
It tends to get more crowded causing a longer wait time than other local bank of america branches.
Even with a long line of people in back of me.
When it comes to banking i use the branch near me.
As long as i have a bank account, i will most likely return.
*yelp shows two addresses for this location.
This is the one that shows up on google maps.
This institution has the worst customer service i've ever encountered!
It's no wonder they don't ask you to rate your customer service experience after the call!
It would always rate as terrible!
These customer service reps have more attitude than a bet after school special!
I'm up to date on my payments, i make my payments each month and i'm treated like this?!?!?
Also, i can't use my check card?
You're guaranteed one thing, this is the first and last time i'll ever do business with this organization again!
A great company and very pleasant customer service.
I truly feel comfortable and at peace leaving my valuables there.
All my friends have raved about this place and i honestly got tired of leaving valuables at my house.
Been a customer for few years now and will continue to be for many more.
I went to chase bank today and highly disappointed.
I went in to get a paper signed.
I have done this in the past with no problems.
I was waiting 45 mts on lobby three people ca m e after me.
A old lady with whit hair who is the loan officer said did everyone sigh the list.
In all of five years banking their there has never been a list.
What made it worst all three people that came after did not speak up.
I then told old lady banker i will just go to my other bank who is midfirst bank.
I was in and out off midfirst in five mts.
Chase you blew it with poor customer service.
I would give you no stars but that's not a option.
I'm here 4-5 times a week for doing my work deposits.
Julie and her team go above and beyond for every customer.
Probably the best branch in las vegas.
They wouldn't look up.
I insisted that didn't sound right but was told repeatedly they couldn't do anything.
I knew this was bs.
I looked over at the manager the teller was im'img and she was actually laughing at me!
Within 24 hours it appeared on my app.
When i called to complain to the manager who laughed at me she insinuated i was the issue.
That's the info i needed at the teller counter!
She chose to teach her young tellers how not to service customers.
This branch is not interested in helping, only mocking.
I've never been treated like this at a bank branch.
I also made a call to her regional manager, left a message with no response.
My app is helpful and doesn't laugh at me when i have a problem in need of a solution.
This is the absolute worst for customer service.
How could he possibly give a correct answer when he couldn't remember.
He was already totally frustrated and this person made him worse.
They shouldn't even be in business or merge with wells fargo!
We've banked here for 2 years.
We moved from wells fargo to alleviate the fees are kids would experience after turning 18.
Very cheerful tellers that know what they're doing.
This this probably my favorite bac branch in the phoenix metro area.
Avoid this branch at all costs on a friday.
These geniuses don't believe in "upstaffing" on a friday.
Complete waste of time.
Customer service doesn't exist.
I've had a car loan with this bank since 2012.
I requested that they remove the penalty and the vp of the bank, melissa, refused and was extremely rude.
Typical bank, greedy until the end.
Do not recommend this bank.
I love all the new cibc branch.
They all have similar design with the huge store front 2 storeys windows letting the natural light filter in.
This building used to be part of canadian tire before they renovated it to be one of cibc's branches.
The inside is spacious and clean with nice waiting area.
The one thing i love the most is their hours!!!
Open weekends saturday 9:30 am to 4:00 pm and sunday 12:00 pm to 4:00 pm.
Tons of parking and if you don't even want to park, they have a drive thru... great during winter time!
Get ready to wait in line for at least 30 minutes to get to a teller.
Obviously people are not using the atm deposit and phone deposit as much as they thought but get it together.
About to leave boa altogether and find another bank.
If i could give them zero stars i absolutely would.
I closed my personal and business accounts after 13 years   bad service.
Sad to see a formerly good bank in decline.
Stay away from here unless you enjoy long wait times  corporate red tape and frustration.
Last and final visit i wanted to get 1000 cash and there was one clerk.
1 person in line ahead of me and it took 23 minutes.
I have to say my absolute first impression when i walked in was not super great.
No one really seemed all that interested in helping me.
I can't see myself going to any other bank again thus far.
That stuff is all really great but what really did it for me was their website and mobile app.
The payment system accu has rivals paypal in my opinion, for how i have used paypal in the past anyway.
It's not to say midfirst is bad, they aren't.
This is just much better in my opinion.
Came here for the first time today .
I do not have a account here but needed proof of an auto loan i paid off years ago.
The customers service  girl was right on it !!!
She was very professional and got things done in just one quick phone call.
Thank you customer service girl !!
I've been with his bank about 4 years.
There are only 3 tellers since i've been with them.
I think lily is wonderful.
She helped me through a hacker that hacked into my account while i was on vacation.
I thought oh yay.
I waited for 2 weeks and my debit card was still inaccessible.
I was told that whoever helped me did not help me make my own personal pin.
Then i received absolutely no apology for all the unconvinced, instead i was made like i was being a lunatic.
I pointed it who helped me, and the response i got was "that was not me, i was on vacation."
The customer service is terrible, excluding lily, she helped me throughly and walked me through all the steps.
Therefore, there are only 2 other tellers to blame.
Yet, they can't seem to take responsibility for their wrong doing.
I also got major attitude from them for going to cancel my account due to the inconvenient and unapologetic behavior.
I was with this bank for 4 yrs may i mind you.
There are a lot other banks out there.
There was no apology whatsoever until i was so livid that i asked for one....
My friends and i went there before seeing a show, it was free cover and the drinks were bogo.
The interior of the place is really nice.
She took forever to serve us and was rude and standoffish.
We came back over after the show and against our better judgment ordered some of their appetizers.
We had the french fries and chicken tenders which look like they were brought fresh from the microwave.
That bartender was terrible and clearly management doesn't care enough about anything there.
Best experience  at a credit union in many years and have not had any real bad ones.
Very efficient  and knowledgeable  staff.
Have had sooooo many very bad experiences  with banks over the years especially  wells ago.
I tried to join navy a few years ago but 4 years af, vietnam,  23 yrs faa, still didn't count.
Then i was pleasantly  surprised  to find they were accepting  veterans.
I signed up immediately.
Highly recommend  for vets.
Get far away from banks then run!
Atm eats non us bank cards.
Management absolutely no help.
Manager vicki theroux only repeats the standard blank answers already given multiple times.
No empathy for customers who have issues with this establishment and their malfunctioning equipment.
They do nothing to try to calm an upset customer.
Was quick to say that only us bank cards are not destroyed by the horribly-placed atm machine.
Location is inconvenient for a person who needs to move quickly.
Left a real bad taste in my mouth, and my business with this bank due to this location is terminated.
Great job losing that monthly fee, us bank.
Hope your stock drops.
I work for one of the other guys....but like progressive...i like these folks so i also shop with them.
So unlike other credit unions, this is an exclusive membership as i did work for a university years ago.
They also just closed their drive thru at columbus & central in phx....like many chase branches.
Standing in line...one teller open.
Shawn is truly amazing at his job and provides outstanding customer service.
I'm not a fan of boa but he does a great job!
Keep up the great work.
I was in florida at the time on a long term assignment, hundreds of miles from a keybank.
I discovered the fraudulent charges when i checked my balance just before leaving on a road trip.
I called the customer service number and within a few hours all my money was back in my account.
They made the whole recovery process so easy.
Miss this bank, big time.
Shana great service thanks, clean laundry great that open 24 hours...will come again.
Went here with some friends before and after a show.
Very nice place, attractive people working but do not order their food.
We were served chicken tenders that were not even cooked, not even a little.
When we showed the bar tender all they could offer us was two free drinks.
Kind of ridiculous considering we would of been extremely ill if we would of swallowed the chicken.
The health department of nevada should probably swing by, this place would be shut down real quick.
Then said i would have to come in to the bank and then log on to my account.
I said well i am logged in now, walk me thru it.
She then said, she would have to figure it out.
I got the impression she didn't want to do any of it.
Wrote all of this with no call, she must still be on hold.
Currently there are 8 people in line.
I hate this bank.
If you are looking to open an account at a credit union, this one is not it!
This branch does not except cash deposits.
I explain to the tellet that i've had a bank of america credit card for over 25 years.
They could care less.
Trying to force customers to open a savings account with a minimum balance of $500 to take a cash deposit.
When i walked in they were 14 people in line and only two tellers.
Took forever just to get in and out of the bank .
They are open 24hrs and offer same day service, dry cleaning, wash&fold.
I've been a member of cccu for 10 years!
My family and i love their friendly staff who is always ready and willing to help.
Recently i bought a new car and i knew exactly who to call to help me with financing.
Amber is my lady!
She has helped guide me through all of my financial decisions and always has my best interest in mind.
Thanks so much amber!
Great bank all the staff is super friendly and professional.
Everyone greets me by name when i come in every day.
Always willing to help me when i have weird situations.
Absolutely the worst customer service!
With plenty of banking choices literally within a block of this place.
Run as fast as you can away from here!
I'm glad i read the reviews, i know it's not us.
However, (other than erin) the service here is frustrating.
Any call from corporate is rude and inaccurate to where we just don't want to answer.
When i reported a credit card mischarge with from a fraudulent company they were miserable.
Not friendly smiles, no warm greeting.
Just borderline nasty .
Regrettable we opened here.
7/14 had a very surprising and fair phone call with the vice president moments ago.
It was refreshing to have someone state that there is a problem and we are going to fix it.
Bank of america need to retrain all of their employees.
They aren't doing what they are suppose to do and they are doing it very slowly.
Went there on a friday afternoon, only 2 tellers working the front.
Very many people and yet the tellers are talking to each other and not really helping the customers.
I guess they really don't care if their clients gets help or not.
Guess it's time for me to change bank now.
I answer my own questions.
I wish i had the tdct system on my home computer.
This way i can complete my transactions faster.
It would save me a heck of allot more time doing my own rsp and mutual fund investing.
Each time i call, i assume they have completed the proper research to book the appointment.
I shouldn't bother giving them the benefit of the doubt.
But stupid me, i do.
Any normal person would be annoyed.
It's all in the communication.
Btw, the majority of this branch's clients are business customers.
Great location to avoid personal banking investing line ups.
Staff is friendly and always willing to help.
Every time i go in i am welcomed right way.
Their treatment of seniors and their lack of compassion is appalling.
I will never do business with them again.
This is for the credit card department of chase bank.
Our id has been compromised five times and each time chase has caught it as it is happening.
They call to make sure it is not we who are charging these item and close the account right then.
We have never had to do anything beyond acknowledging their actions.
One time in paris france gus dropped his wallet at a restaurant.
When we went back they had the wallet but not the chase card.
It was at the hotel when we arrived.
I have nothing but good to say about chase credit fraud department, they are on the ball.
Sloppy, disorganized and the whole enterprise gives off a very amateur feel.
Like this is a hobby business for someone.
What's bizarre is this is a large credit union.
I have never in my life had as many problems with a financial institution as this one.
So far i can't say that i'm impressed with wcu.
I joined the credit union for the same reasons everyone joins...better rates.
So far they won't approve any type of loan.
All of my payments for everything are 100% on time.
I bought a new car, i wanted a loan to through the credit union...declined.
I was approved through the dealership with no issue.
I would still prefer to have my loan through my credit union so i applied for a re-fi...declined.
But they keep sending me offers to apply for loans.
I tried to get a small personal loan through them to consolidate my credit cards...declined.
I'm still waiting for the benefits of this credit union as i search for a new cu.
Azfcu reached out and situation was discussed so i have added a star.
The visa program was down causing decline on card transactions.
________________________________________________ customer service is not helpful.
Money in the account and the card was declined.
Called customer service to find out what block was on the account or what transactions needed to be verified.
Welcome to perpetual distress and no usable debit card.
45 minutes = frustration and still no answer.
This was probably one of the worst experiences i have had at a wells fargo location.
I asked about a certificate of deposit and the teller asked me, "you want to open a checking account?"
I told them i already have a checking account and was inquiring about a cd.
I was sat down with a man named saul perez who was not welcoming.
He started clicking through my account with no communication.
He continued clicking away at my account with no communication.
He asked "how much are you looking to store away?"
I told him it depended on the return, length of time, etc.
I spent 20 minutes here for nothing!
This bank is better than the one located on green valley but they are seriously understaffed.
Theres a line of 10 people and only two tellers.
Like i dont have a day booked with clients?
Please get more tellers.
1st off i've been treated like an annoying customer the first day i walked in.
The only one that politely greets me is the young african american woman.
The manager has thee worst attitude, everything is no.
I don't trust this branch and now i don't trust this bank.
I'm a customer at the bank.
The customer service at this branch is the reason i am switching banks.
They have treated me unfair due to their personal perspectives.
I think you should hire more positive and effective bankers.
It wouldve gotten 0 stars if that was allowed.
Two girls wrestled in the inflatable pool for about 5 minutes and then that was all for the jello wrestling.
During the jello wrestling, there are no other girls on stage.
After the wrestling, there is 1 girl on stage and the others walking around the club soliciting dances.
The club was not the deja of yesteryear.
These girls were nothing to look at with faces for radio.
I didnt want a lap dance from any of them.
Deja was dark, dank and sad.
I wouldnt recommend deja to anyone.
Try another lv club.
There are def enough variety in lv.
I received statements that they had deducted money from my account for "inactivity".
After explaining to the lady i wanted to close my account, i was not treated very well at all.
I was stunned that she would not follow my instructions and i was not able to see my card destroyed.
They charged me fees when i was told there would be no fees but charged me money on "technicalities".
This location only has an atm and no counter services.
Very convenient - open 24/7.
Extremely friendly, helpful staff on hand to assist with questions while he washes loads for full-service customers.
Most machines are operational.
Washing machines are fast and thorough.
Only con: the dryers are cheap (25 cents for 9 minutes), but you get what you pay for.
The plus: the wait was short (probably because most people stopped going there).
She prints the receipt, and basically just throws it towards me.
Not a menacing throw, but not what i'd expect a professional teller to do.
She then counts out the money i requested, and throws that in my general direction also!
I look at her, trying to see what her problem is.
I just shake my head in disappointment, and walk away.
But after dealing with her i'd say it was ok
Company and options provided did not seem bad just some of the employers.
I was really impressed about this place.
Most of the girls are really hot.
The lap dances are off the chain.
They are fully nude, too; and you can touch.
Also, they lie you down on this bed.
If you could drink in this club, it would of got 5 stars.
The lap dances make this club, though.
This laundromat is nasty.
I've never in my life have seen so many flies in one facility.
Lots of garbage left on the folding tables.
The bathrooms nasty and no ac in 107 degree weather.
Why aren't these facilities in 2018 state of the art by now?
Your a laundry mat in hot vegas what is the problem?????
Why does your facility look 100 years old on the inside??
Why is it such a hassle to get good clean service?
I feel bad for the employees who work in this dump!
I'm not surprised they have one star.
I'm not the type of person to judge a business after one experience...
I take it and accept the fact that mistakes are done here and there.
My billing has changed so many times.
I'm so over it.
I was told basically "too bad" and when i threatened to close my account they acted like they didn't care.
I mean, why would they?
They stole almost $150 from me and are getting away with it.
They don't care about you or the promises they made when you sign up...
Nameless bitch- who was patronizing and rude jason stanton(?
)- supervisor who actually answered the questions i tried to ask the second girl and helped me solve my dilemma.
Open account and new credit card at navy federal today.
Service was awesome, good product line good interest rates.
Ask for anna sauer, she was awesome.
Horrible place, never go back, quality is awful.
Not enough girls and they look like that they don't want to be there.
You are better off staying home.
I can't tell you how many times this bank has been here for me.
It's my local bank and i frequent this location a lot for my personal needs.
Atm's are always working and easy to use!
During open hours, bankers are always happy to help me.
Very glad this wells fargo is in my neighborhood!
It looks like this bank keeps getting better ...
I work the same hours the bank is open.
I was told i'd get a phone call back.
Finally today, 1 week later i call a 3rd time and that person figured it out right away.
That situation was handled after me calling 3 times.
I have my vehicle loan with this bank.
It was all handled via email and i was never told about the "optional" debt protection coverage.
I was told this could be removed ... asked for a manager to call me back today ... guess what?!
Not to mention a bait and switch interest rate based on the co-signers income.
I am pulling all of my accounts from this bank.
Hands down worst customer service with their members that they don't care about!
It's friday, payday and lunch time .. line moved quickly ..
I've actually considered stopping them halfway through a transaction just because it was too much.
Worst experience with chase ever is at this branch.
Had to take care of a simple task and took over an hour and a half.
All the work that had been done by one personal banker was re done by the branch manager liz.
If you like chase great, just don't use this branch!
Chase, you should do something about this branch asap!
Convenient atm next to drive through versus some older locations with atm attached to the building.
I was able to get things done without stepping out of my vehicle.
They both did a great job to get this deal done......thank you!
They may be conveniently located but there is nothing else convenient about chase.
I used to shrug it off when i heard people talking about chase "ripping them off."
I just assumed that there must be more to the story.
In all my years, i'd not experienced it.
(i was originally with another bank that was swallowed up by chase, sadly.)
Now, my turn has come to pass and i find myself needing to apologize to some folks.
The shady dealings at chase are well documented and people are still falling prey daily.
I guess it was just my turn.
I'm withdrawing every penny and closing my account as soon as possible.
It took bravery for me to go east of the strip and i'm glad i did.
Were do i start!!!!
This place, hands down the worst experience i have ever had!!!
The staff was horrible!!
The bar was disgusting!
I wouldn't  be surprised if the health department was called for a inspection  and they shut down the bar!
It was that gross!!
Staff had to be the worst most unprofessional people i have ever met.
Management should defiantly make changes!!
Then again, if management can see this problem they maybe they should be replaced as well.
I've never been so genuine in a yelp review , ever!!!
Do not come to this place your experienced will be ruined!
Garbage service if i could i would give it negative stars.
No one bothered to help us after that so we got up and left.
So far it has taken 3 days for a simple change of name on a card.
Stay away from this location it is the worst branch in all of las vegas.
Really slow drive through teller on saturday.
They should of made me a hamburger too  if they take that long.
The customer service is pointless they can't seem to answer any questions.
If you use this branch you'd better have everything you need ready to go or else don't waste your time.
This secu has no drive-through banking!!!
Once you go inside there are several tellers...usually at least three and room for up to eight.
The building looks like your typical eighties era bank with a ugly, blocky exterior.
All the basic banking is done downstairs, and any special banking needs have to be taken care of upstairs.
There is elevator and stair access.
This bank is conveniently located near uptown charlotte, dilworth, midtown, and elizabeth.
As a result, it can get rather busy on friday afternoons.
Because of the capacity, however, i have never waited more than three minutes for a teller.
And with banks, convenience, not aesthetics, is what matters.
Recent transplant in las vegas, amber's been amazing to me.
She's always checking up on me, and catching things for me.
Helpful reminders cus god knows i need it lol.
I come here to wash our comforter since our home washer and drier aren't large enough to accommodate it.
Disregard the few hysterical reviews stating this place is unsafe or unclean.
They are patently false.
It's really just code for "i miss white suburbia".
I was all like wtf!!!
I immediately called the # located on the atm machine and explained the situation.
Get that ish fixed asap please!
I am writing this note as a humble appreciation for the outstanding customer service provided bykayla.
Her ability to provide the resolution quickly exceeded my expectations.
She has a caring approach and she is a true professional.
So i asked if they were a bank.
They have the worst customers service i have ever seen!!!!
I would not recommend them to anyone.
I actually wanted to give them a zero rating!
Low to no fees, and great customer service..
When you can get it.
Twice one of their atms's ate my money, and didn't count the cash deposit..
Both times it was over the weekend..
So i was stuck all weekend with no money, and absolutely no one to call about it until monday.
Not having a 24 hour customer service number is unacceptable in a town like las vegas.
Jennifer and jill are a gem at this location.
They make you feel like family and are always kind.
Jennifer is the reason i started an account here instead of using my shared branching.
I love going inside to say hi.
Worst state farm in all of vegas.
I had the worst experience ever dealing with these people.
Horrible customer service and even eric moreno himself never returned my calls after constantly leaving messages every week.
Do not come here!
I had a great first time experience.
I've never been in there until today and i have to say i like the set up .
The little offices are cute .
I went in to get a paper notarized and it was effortless .
Not sure about the actual clerk transactions .
Is this the bank from hell or what?
It should be called bank of hellmerica.
What an amazing agency!
I had my first accident and was so nervous, i was thrilled with how they handled everything!
A big agency, with that "hometown feel".
This use to be one of my favorite branches to do my banking at.
But it is like a ghost town!
And they only run a skeleton staff, long lines.
The tellers are behind bullet proof glass, it is not a welcoming environment.
Worst branch in the city.
Bums coming in harrasing my wife and i while in line.
1 teller working with a huge line and other staff sitting around doing nothing.
Shame on bank of america for such extreme cuts on staff!
Why is there only one teller?
Haven't been in the bank proper though.
This is my first review ever on yelp but i just felt compelled to provide this feedback.
This is the least helpful branch ever.
I have been to this branch no less than three times to try to get something notarized.
Each time the notary was not available or i was told there would be a long wait.
Today, i wised up and called ahead and they said yes, someone named justin can do it.
No, i am not driving to another branch.
Which is specifically why i called ahead to ask.
Not once did anyone ever inform me during all my past visits that there actually is not a notary here.
I've been a chase customer for over 15 years and this alone makes me want to switch.
So frustrated at the lack of customer service here.
I love this bank!
They are always friendly fast and helpful.
Chris at flamingo and i think her name is amanda at stephanie, they are the best locations!
For gilbert wells fargo banks...
This is my 1st choice because of the customer service & no pressure banking.
Other banks are pushy about signing up for credit cards, savings accounts and who knows what else...
But not this bank.
Fast, efficient, friendly, free bottle of water (yeah baby!
But thats not their fault!
It used to make you pull your card and beep at you before you could print a receipt.
Now it beeps at you to print receipt and then pull card with no sound.
Why fix stuff that isn't broken?
This branch is great!
The staff is very friendly and helpful as well as knowledgable.
Great customer service, going above and beyond over any other banks in the neighborhood!
Glad to bank here and recommend them..
This branch is a waste of time which bums me because i've never had an issue at a branch before.
I went to this branch to cash a bond i had been holding onto.
I usually go to the windmill location but was already at albertsons so i stopped by.
The teller immediately said they no longer cash bonds.
Wasn't willing to ask a supervisor.
Wasn't willing to do a thing.
Long story short, i drove a mile away to my home branch and cashed my bond in within seconds.
Won't be back to this location for sure!
2 stars because they are open on sundays.
I've never heard of this before.
I can go to a gas station but not a bank to get a money order.
I was willing to pay the $10 fee so it wasn't as if i was looking for any free service.
Unfortunately the teller with dark hair wearing glasses was rude yesterday.
I used the change machine and she wad saying in a snotty way only deer valley people can use that.
Anyway my bank has an agreement witj them.
It's her snotty tone and condescending manner that was the real problem.
So if u get a snotty teller speak to manager
I have been with this location when it was founder's bank.
I've seen the change overs.
All told, it's been 17 years that i've been going into this branch.
Not once have any of these employees been anything less than friendly, courteous and professional.
I'm not a business owner, nor do i have tons of money in my accounts.
They've never treated me poorly.
I can't speak for the gentleman's poor review.
Perhaps he has valid complaints, but i do not.
Judge for yourself, i say.
I was told by the manager that the bank tellers are for customers only.
Non customers are only allowed to talk to virtual tellers.
The money museum here is one of the hidden gems of cleveland.
Interesting stuff here for both adults and kids.
You get a free sample of shredded money after your visit, $2.5 billion a year of cash is shredded here!
Needless to say this is a very high security place..
I have been ensured with bill quigley's office for many years and have had a few claims.
Each and every time, state farm has always been extremely helpful and more than fair in their valuations.
I would recommend them to family and friends!
This place is a joke.
And if i get that paperwork the bonus cash is off the table as well.
Needless to say i went with a competitor.
Ps - the older woman receptionist/greeter/front desk person is pretty rude and isn't the least bit helpful.
Mario at the front desk was kind and helpful and even better- a yankees fan!
Very close to off the main strip and open 24 hours!
Excellent large space with many washers and dryers to accomodate everyone :)
Great option for the regular more pricier service offered on the hotels.
Depending on how much dirty clothes you have got, its probably even worth it to cab it off here.
You can either do it yourself or leave it for them to do it.
I left it in the morning and picked it up 4 hours later.
If you leave it to them, they charge you by the pounds, and the dry-clean option is charged by pcs.
I did the wash and fold option which they charge me almost nothing for.
Fast, convenient and accurate service...isnt that what its all about?
I opened my saving and checking account on september 1.
Therefore i set up my recurring transfer for next month november.
However, i was charged a monthly service today 10/26 today for my saving account.
I called the 1-800 number.
They told me that they charge based on billing cycle and this is my second one.
I hope the banker told me more accurate information and i could have set up my transfers for earlier date.
Bank manager elisa, david, and their team members were super awesome in taking care of my needs!!
Big thank you and keep up the awesomeness!
I just wish i could do more atm banking with cash and check deposits at places in my neighborhood.....
12 people in line and only 1 teller!!!!
Is taking 45 mins to cash a check...
This is by far the worst bofa.... avoid at all cost.
They also offer a lot of atm services so that you can skip waiting in the long teller line.
Love b of a!
What i found through the process was that the staff is incompetent, inexperienced and, worst of all, lack common sense.
After i could no longer put up with their insanity, i cancelled my loan.
Subsequently, i contacted via email district managers judy garcia and judie verb to complain about my horrible experience.
As of this writing, no response.
Do yourself a favor a go somewhere else to refinance your property.
Save yourself time, effort and frustrations.
2 people working waiting for the banker for over 40 mins.
It's cracking in here on a saturday and only 2!!!
Which is the reason i have been banking with them for over 10 years.
I'm in vegas and i'm in a pinch.
I won't opt to let the hotel charge me $7 a piece of clothing but i'm running out if clothes.
So, i use yelp and find this diamond in the rough.
Upon first glance the area is a bit sketchy looking.
Once inside i'm greeted with polite smiles from strangers just doing their laundry mid day.
I put a suitcase full of clothes in for about $4.
I sit down, enjoy some tv, and surf the web with their free wifi.
Then i ran the dryer and done.
As far as having to do laundry in a foreign town goes, i'm feeling at home.
And for an affordable price.
I'm closing my accounts after 30 years.
I can enthusiastically recommend a hope bail bonds, specifically jim.
I called him late at night trying to figure out what to do to help a family member.
It was late sunday night of a three-day weekend, banks are closed until tuesday,  i live 2000 miles away.
There were no hidden fees, 15% of bail plus the  $50 filing fee required by the jail.
The number i called to get jim was 702-825-2245.
Donna has been my agent for about 11 years now.
She takes care of my insurance for my cars, home, life and business as well as some retirement accounts.
Donna has also handled some claims for us, with great results.
Her team is very knowledgeable and professional.
Slow slow slow slow slow slow this is the slowest bank!!!
There is no excuse for an empty teller window when you have a line of people to the door.
There call support automated system sucks.
Not only is the robot slow, but can't hear you either.
Sends you through ten different menus to get know where.
They tell me the agents are busy and to wait.. how long tho?
Not this location but the company itself.
There online banking app, the new one, sucks!
Junk company just junk.
Did i mention they have junk service.
They need to get rid of that automated crap
This bank of america is terrible.
Then i sold my building, machine shop and all of my personal property.
All this money i have that i worked all of 45 years to earn.
I then deposited it all into this bullshit bank.
Then after one month i receive a letter from this two faced bank headquarters that they are closing my account.
The branch did not even know this was happening???
They will not give a reason for doing so.
This is my whole life savings.
In all my years and dealing with many banks and load company's i have never been treated like this.
Be very very careful with this failing bank or all the bullshit they feed you!!!
They do not even have any more open seven days a week and the open hours are cut back.
All of  this that i am witnessing with this chicken hole means they are going down.
Be very careful with your money and this bank!!
The employees at this truwest branch are always courteous and kind.
I highly recommend truwest cu!
This review is for the home loans department located at this address.
Thank the lord i had a really good realtor that explained everything to me.
If you want a good loan officer do not go to this location.
Along the phoenix metro light rail line).
This cu closed on saturdays and sundays.
The also have 2 drive-thru lines on the side of the building as well as a night drop-off box.
The cu is locate on top of an athletic facility.
Make sure you get your parking pass validate when you visit the bank.
All the bank employees are friendly and very polite and they all know exactly what they are doing.
I would definitely recommend this cu if you are new to the area and/or need a good loan rate.
Worst customer service ever.
They don't help you to resolve issues in your account.
I'm not going there again.
They have more than one employee working but only one is helping!!
Don't wast your time here go elsewhere..
I really like coming here to do the deposits for my work.
The employees megan and fernando are pretty awesome.
They are always quick and friendly with the deposit.
When you withdraw money from them, you do not get charged a fee for it.
Arizona business bank is a great place to do your banking.
Thanks arizona business bank for doing a great job!!!
I wish i could give you 10 stars  for being an awesome bank.
I told them to forget it, i've never received mail from them anyway, i won't bother changing my address!
Save yourself the hassle and pick a different bank to do business with!!
I've read some reviews and it is unfortunate to see the lack of education among the general public.
If your're broke their is no way around working the system.
Rule, laws and verifications are involved.
If you don't understand them then i suggest you learn.
Truth is one nevada doesn't want customers who will cost them or the members.
The downside is the atm machines.
They will eat your cash and its happened to me twice.
They wont tell you it happens often.
The atms also eat the new $100 bills so heads up in advance.
The other down side is credit cards.
Even if you walk on water they wont increase your credit limit.
It is tedious if one needs to travel and rent a car.
One nevada has made these things a problem for everybody because too many customers are bad seeds.
We lack the laws to enforce this on lenders for the time being.
Owning a business on mill ave it's been an absolute pleasure dealing with the staff at this location.
Every single employee remembers you by first name basis and makes you feel like an important client.
A very busy branch but never wait too long.
Been using it for years , really friendly people at this location !
The people who complain must not to go the bank often lol
The account rep. verified the check for me!!
I deposited it right then and notified the customer that the check would be accepted as payment.
A week later i get a notice that the check bounced and they charged me a fee!!
What good was it to verify the check...?
I feel there is no longer any customer service at this credit union.
I have had problem after problem since they changed to one nevada.
I am closing my account after 30 years!
I've never enjoyed banks...really never.
If you're sick of the major banks and the total lack of customer service, give this place a try.
They have locations all over the valley, and the state.
I've never been able to say i was happy with my bank until the last year.
It was 6pm so they'd just closed but there were still employees in the branch.
Red lights start flashing after it spat 7 bills back.
My card wasn't coming back our either    super frustrated!
She gave me the info to try to resolve my money that got jammed inside the atm.
At that  time she pointed out the tiny sign near where u deposit your money saying only 25 bills.
In my opinion the big sign when your logging on to the atm should say 25 bills, not 50!
My saving grace after being in a bad mood to begin with was sandy!
She's who i spoke to on the phone.
Her pleasant attitude and bubbly attitude turned my bad experience into a much more tolerable one.
I hope you and oncu rsee that you are a 10 star person for oncu!
The 3 stars are because of the 2 different bill amounts allowed which doesn't make things clear enough.
I've been with oncu for over 10 years.
My sister also banks with you.
I need my tips to pay my bills.
Really not happy right now, in fact i'm crying because this is extremely stressful.
I spoke today with cindy the branch manager and she explained a lot of things to me.
They now have signs on the atm saying not to put in more than 25 bills.
Walking into truwest , i got partnered with a banker named christina, she was amazing.
We had great laughs and she helped me with everything i needed.
I got  approved for the refinance and visited truwest the following week.
Waited 45 mins to deposit money.
2 tellers on a busy friday?
This is a standard practice at this location.
Have never waited this long at any wells fargo or chase location.
Terrible management, learn how to correctly staff your store.
Just made a large deposit, i said thank you after the transaction and the teller didn't say anything back!!!
No thank you, have a nice day, kiss my ass!!
What happened to customer service or just being courteous!!
I hate this bank!
This branch needs some major organization or simply just more employees.
:/ i give two stars because the tellers are great, but the wait to use this facility is downright unacceptable.
On september 10th, i went to bank of america at 6900 westcliff dr.
The line was very, very long with only 2 bank tellers.
I asked for the signature card to my safe deposit box to add a name to it.
It turns out the bank couldn't find it.
After 20 minutes of looking they ask me to come back tomorrow with an appointment.
On september 11th, i went back to the bank at 3:00 for my appointment with ms. susan mowatt.
She was very nice in helping me.
But unfortunately she still couldn't find my signature card.
She found my son's safe deposit signature card, but couldn't find mine.
I explained that this was the second time they lost my signature card.
It's like losing my passport.
I was very concerned.
But if i came in when they were closing, why wouldn't they just tell me it's too late?
I got there at 4:45pm.
Didn't think it was a problem.
I said i am concerned that this bank lost my signature card for the second time.
Ms carina mettlin started raising her voice to me, which i thought was very unprofessional.
Doesn't 'misplacing' something mean that they lost it?
She then accused me of raising my voice and said "i'm done with you," like she was dismissing me.
Like a school teacher.
As i was walking out, i decided to ask for a manager.
She refused, and just gave me information to email higher management.
I found this infuriating and am very disappointed in this whole situation.
Last thing she said to me in a condescending way, was "have a nice day."
Don't go to this bank if you need good, reliable service.
And try to avoid ms. carina mettlin.
Absolutely dislike how there are no tellers on sight only atm machines.
So inconvenient and for the most part, i have to wait to be connected to a teller.
I hate coming to this bank
No public restrooms here, how is that even possible in our day and age.
This is also a branch that has very limited services...i won't be back to this location.
This is probably the worst place on earth.
They rarely are able to help me with anything other than minor bank transactions.
Their entire staff is inexperienced.
This branch signed me up for a home equity line of credit without my permission.
Even for a task as simple as getting something notarized, you might have an hour or so wait time.
I do not recommend going to this bank.
This club is average.
They gave me a good deal when i got to the club.
The strippers were sexy and the dancing wasn't bad.
But it didn't have private dances for anything less than $150.
They are the definition of theft.
Don't waste your time with this business.
They are looking to literally take your money.
I had an account and thought everything was fine, until the fees came into effect.
Although  they ask for my ssn, i cannot be given a reason as to why they sent me to collections.
Let that sink in.
Now i feel like the biggest idiot because of this bank.
They said we are a commercial bank and we dont help with retail accounts unless you have money.
It could have been stated better is all i am saying.
Update azfcu, i cannot see a way to message you back on here.
I made an additional inquiry through the website and finally received an email response with explanation.
________________________________________________ customer service is not helpful.
Money in the account and the card was declined.
Called customer service to find out what block was on the account or what transactions needed to be verified.
Welcome to perpetual distress and no usable debit card.
45 minutes = frustration and still no answer.
We were able to find a free admission through those las vegas magazines.
That saved us $30.
You go in, tell them the number of people, and they will seat you at a table.
We told the bouncer we wanted to smoke hookah so he sat us in a plushy couch in the middle.
They serve alcohol and you will get girls coming to you to get a lap dance.
I had a cute girl who was interested in hookah and getting a lap dance.
This was great for me and her :-) they have three stages of girls dancing.
The light is ambient, red, and dark.
Ok, back to the hookah review.
We wanted our normal capuccino, vanilla, and mint flavor, not any of this fruity stuff.
They only had fruity flavors.
The waitress was cute and she recommended the 'jello' combo.
This is a combination of light fruits.
We went with it and it was pretty good!
I must say the price here is pretty pricey.
Beers are $6 and the hookah was around $24.
If you're in vegas, i highly recommend this place.
It's also walking distance to new orleans casino.
You can also take a shuttle from bill's to new orleans to save some dough.
I dont recomend this place for your financial need.i went in today too but the same kind of service frustating.
I had to wait 1 and 1/2 hour just for the wire transfer.
Employee needs more training.
No greeting no hi no thank you.
Yelp keeps deleting my reviews of this place and i'm sure they have deleted similar reviews for no reason.
I'm surprised they never charged me to delete that account...
Best bank in bellevue.
I've never had any issues here as a customer.
When my checkbook was stolen, the staff was super great with offering assistance.
They take extremely long!
Being the only bank near the strip they should be fully staffed.
So one stands in the regular line but gets told to move to another line.
Get it together wells fargo!
Have clear signs and a designated area.
Brittany (banker) was hands down amazing and beyond helpful with helping me set up my new checking and savings account.
Rigo  (manager) introduced himself to me and showed how much he truly did care about me and my account.
Hands down the best experience i have ever had with a bank and their employees
I don't know why it has taken me so long to write a review.
Everyone here is so sweet but marty is particular is amazing.
So nice so helpful and very professional i can't say enough good things about him.
And if you need a bank i would highly recommend here!
Brad's office is super friendly and fast with my needs.
I highly recommend for your insurance needs!!
Unlike other reviews, i didn't have any issues with this bank's customer service or professionalism.
My interactions were very brief, however, and limited to the bankers at their desks and not the tellers.
The banker i worked with was very friendly and professional.
I was greeted when i walked in the door and directed to where i needed to be.
The only unprofessional thing i noticed was an employee glancing at their phone, but honestly... haven't we all done that?
I enjoy my experience when i go inside..
The tellers are always friendly and remember my name.. not a big thing but its nice..
Boa sold my account to these guys a few years ago without my permission.
I was told we were good and the account was closed.
Fast forward to this month - years later.
Find another bank business.
I had lost my whole wallet at salt lake river.
I went to the credit union west inside luke air force base in uniform with my new military id.
I showed them my military id card and they told me that they do not take those.
I was at shocked because 1.
I was in uniform.
It is a military id card.
The bank is located on base!!
I asked to speak to the manager and she said that no they don't take military id cards.
I had no money for gas or food and they still wouldn't help me.
Definitely not military friendly and did not help me in a hardship situation.
I had always loved this bank and stayed loyal even after they closed the branch in pahrump where i live.
They kept an atm there to still do some banking.
During the week before christmas i was robbed of every single penny in my checking account, plus overdrawn.
They said it was probably due to using a card at gas pumps.
When they finally reopened i was sent to 3 different numbers and finally was given the correct phone number.
I get my transactions online and wasn't able to get into it for some reason at the time.
I told him anything past this particular date is all fraudulent .
They were the ones that called me so obviously they knew there was something wrong.
I was told it could take up to 14 days to resolve the dispute.
I need my money now.
I guess i have to open up a new account at a bank here in town.
I guess things are changing.
If i could give this credit union zero i most certainly would!
Carol the "so-called" teller is the most unprofessional rude woman i have ever had to deal with before.
They have zero clue what they are doing at this place and the sad part is they do not care!
Can't wait until my car loan is paid off so i can close all accounts and never come back here
Ended up spending an extra week in vegas.
Got our laundry done quick and in a hurry.
Great service from juan jose!!
He was super friendly and he went the extra mile to help me with all my questions!
They greet you immediately and always make friendly conversation and ask about your day.
Justin just helped me out and even though it was a simple deposit, he was very attentive and friendly!
Definitely great customer service.
Fluff and fold service is the best!
Attendants are very friendly and helpful.
I bring all of my laundry here when i'm in las vegas on extended trips.
One time i dropped my laundry off at 2am and it was ready for pick up at 8:30am.
I was being helped by linda, she's amazing!!
Not only was she able to help me but she was so fast and efficient.
Dark, sketchy, feels like youre in a basement.
All the things a strip club should be.
They have good specials pretty much every night and the girls get way more into it than upscale places.
Overall really fun, and little to no pressure for lap dances!
I'm on a work vacation and went there to wash my clothes.
The primary reason i went to this establishment is to use the wifi for work while washing.
Not once did the women working say she would try to remedy the problem.
If you work in this city, especially as a business traveler,  this will be your new favorite laundromat.
They offer same-day wash & fold services (usual turn around is between 2.5-3 hours) and are open 24/7!
No more having to worry about rushing to make it in time after work.
They also offer dry-cleaning services.
They can wash and press shirts for $2, and dry-cleaning starts at $3 i think.
Overall, really great pricing.
Not the lowest in town, but definitely the best value for quality service.
The parking lot (and street) they are located in isn't the cleanest looking, but i've always felt safe.
You just learn to ignore the few, random crazies nearby.
This is really something that should be looked at.
Slow service, the branch manger who is an older blonde lady with glasses is very rude.
If it wasn't for member rep keri i would have given this place a zero.
The branch manager could learn how to treat customer from her member reps.
There were about 7 people in line and 2 tellers.
Had to wait forever to get service in lobby from a banker though
Not your typical stripclub!
More of a lounge atmosphere.
Super friendly staff (and the hottest bartenders in town!!
), non pushy dancers, verrrrry locals friendly!
I've visited other clubs in sin city, but i always come back to the vu
Atm kept my deposit and didnt credit my account.
Had to pay to file a claim and wait 12+ hours for a resolution.
Telling me their sorry for their inferior equipment does nothing to compensate me for my wasted time today.
Off to find somewhere else myself
Fortunately i'm not longer a frequent customer of any laundromat and haven't been for many years.
The attendants seemed nice and the machines well maintained.
There were plenty of washers, but sadly not nearly enough dryers.
Doing one load of laundry took us almost 3 hours.
Clean, busy with people, and plenty of machines.
Came here after my sons ball games and it did the job.
In a strip mall filled with weirdos but new washers and great dryers.
Got the job done!
Great location with friendly staff.
I love the ladies at this branch.
I will never go anywhere else to bank not even another us bank.
They've won me over with their complete kindness and sincerity and if that doesn't matter they also have great rates.
I recommend them to all of my family and friends.
They are also conveniently located inside of a safeway that contains a starbucks, what more can you ask for.
I only owe )1,600 on that loan.
So i wanted to know what options i had.
I was helped by a girl, ashley, no last name was given.
Told her my situation just for her to tell me their was nothing i could do.
Two mins of your time and that was your only option for me.
I have multiple accounts for a few years with dscu.
Very disappointed with this branch.
Very untrained, rude, and no sense if customer service.
Felt like i was intruding on her quite time beings the place wasn't busy.
Changing to another credit union.
I couldn't be more pleased with the service we received at this branch.
We setup both corporate and personal accounts and jenna helped us over several days to get everything perfect.
Every time i visit this branch, i am always treated with the utmost respect and i love it.
They have helped us out with some of the most asinine requests and were able to fulfill it.
I do miss the people that were their when i first started banking with them, but shit happens.
Every time i come to wells fargo i hope to see this lovely woman here.
She's so sweet and kind, she even personalized my cash envelope.
She always makes me wanna come back for some positivity in my day!
Jim helped me today to bail my friend out, he was amazing and very understanding!
I highly recommend this bail bonds to anyone who needs help!
If you are thinking of gett get a refinance i recommend her.. such a sweetheart!!!
If you read this cindy thanks again for all the help you did...
Went here to cash a settlement check from a car accident i was in.
The bankers were pushy.
She wouldn't let it go!!
Finally i asked her if she had ever considered going to work for chase.
She said again, this time upset, "i'm happy to be a part of the wells fargo team!"
The teller then cashed my check and i left.
Next time i'll wait for my checks to clear.
Location is sketchy, like most places near the strip, but once inside you'll find a standard laundromat.
They have a great variety of machines along with quarter dispensers.
Soap costs a buck.
So it seems safe to leave your clothes in the machines.
So if it's safe for an nba team, it's safe for you too.
Do not use this bank for a business account.
They are difficult to work with and blame everything on their legal department.
Then tell you lawyers don't understand the banking system.
I have been insured with bill quigley's office since moving to the valley in 2005.
I typically deal with shirley in the office.
She is always professional and very responsive.
Quigley's office has always provided accurate and timely information.
I would definitely recommend this office if you are looking for home,auto, life or health insurance.
They also offer the state farm banking and personal liability insurance.
This office definitely lives up to the "good neighbor" philosophy.
We worked with a gentleman named corey who answered the phone and has treated us like we're family.
Its people like corey that keeps us coming back to this bank to do our business with.
He should be cloned!
We love clark county and we really love corey!
There are far better methods of investing.
You can give them nice hair cuts and handshakes.
You can even put them in a suit and tie, but these are not investing experts.
Steer clear of schwab and handle your trades with etrade or scottrade instead.
You will save yourself a lot of headaches by avoiding schwab.
Dave was recommended by a coworker of mine when i needed to buy a home.
Dave has also handled all the situations with professionalism and expertise.
I would highly recommend him.
I don't know what's wrong with this branch.
It's in a highly trafficked area, but it's severely understaffed.
I've waited no less than 25 minutes in line almost every time i've been here.
I had a great experience at this chase branch last week.
Came in very close to closing -- the place was mobbed.
I needed to order checks.
Checks ordered without the need to go in again.
I only wish i could still leave a review with zero stars.
I happily agreed to that and was told that the necessary changes had been made.
I was so upset and argued via emails that this wasn't correct.
(i was told and took them for their word) over the phone...which should still mean something.
Dunlap refused to let me speak with will and said he was his boss and i could talk to him.
I have since changed my policies over to another local agent.
I have also filed a complaint with arizona dept of insurance and his office will be under investigation.
I hope nobody else has fallen victim to these fraudulent acts by this office.
Today, about a month and three more issues later with my current credit union, and i was finally ready.
I went in with an hour and twenty minutes left before close.
The lobby was very unique as it is staged like an old west town and it caught me off guard.
There were two clerks and one other customer inside.
He offered to schedule me for a time to return next week to do it instead.
(i wasn't planning to take time off work to open an account, frustrating.)
I was very surprised that it'd take 2 hours to open an account.
I told him that wouldn't work for me and that was it, i walked out.
I was disappointed and very surprised by the lack of customer service i was shown.
There was no real effort to make me feel like they wanted me as a customer.
I left kind of in shock by the whole experience.
I guess i'm glad i found out ahead of time the way 'customers' are treated there.
If it wasn't so difficult to switch and to open a new business account i would have already done it.
Do not open an account with bank of america!
I said is this a threat?
He replied..... its a promise.
They talk like shark loan gangsters.
Do not do business with this place.
I borrowed 800 and high interest has me paying double.
Whoever voted 4.5 stars for this laundromat needs to get slapped :/ it was compact, dirty, overpriced, and ghetto.
I had already spent $30 just on the washers why in the heck would i lie about 50 cents?
When i refused to put in 50 cents the white girl was rude started having attitude and got shut down.
The mexican lady helped us, but it was too late for me i was pissed.
I will never go back!
Btw, the bathroom was filthy with a big hole in the ceiling wtf?
We also spent almost $2 for each dryer and $60 overall the most i have ever spent :( never again!
Thank you gina contine at one nevada.
Very professional and nice.
Gina had all my paperwork ready for me to sign and she answered several questions i had, very organized!
Might be better if people actually sounded like they liked their job.
The loan officer i spoke to was short and rude.
My husband and i are fans of one nevada credit union.
Linda woodford is always on top of her game when it comes to helping with loans and other financial services.
I would definitely recommend them!
I cannot get anyone to answer the phone and i am 15 miles away.
***photo of call history also posted***
Slow service... took me 18 min to do a deposit, manager was arguing with some customers...
Great day trip for the kids!
We all enjoyed learning about the history of money.
Everyone was so nice, too!
I regularly go to this bank due to its close proximity to my house, but that's only why.
It is located within an albertson's store and is very small.
I normally do not give anything one star, but this branch has basically done everything to alienate me.
It makes me want to cancel my account.
They need to work on their customer skills and learn how to treat customers with respect and trust.
I would not recommend this branch to anyone.
Just use their atms.
The automated/non-human part is just fine.
Just hope your id is not compromised with this bank.
Essentially accusing me of theft.
The amount of the atm withdrawal was $502.50 by some thief at the longhorn casino.
They were no help with video record either.
As a result of this fiasco i closed my savings with wamu exceeding $50,000.
Your money is not safe with wamu or chase.
Found this laundry on yelp while staying at the hardrock.
Hardrock wanted $6 just to wash one pair of jeans!
Place had great reviews so i decided to give it a try.
Wash and fold is offered 24hrs a day for $1.50 a pound.
Turn around is 4 to 5 hours and they were right on the money.
An entire week of dirty clothes was $14!
Both attendants were great and genuinely cared about my clothing.
The clothing was returned to me expertly folded and smelling awesome!
Area does appear sketchy but no one bothered me and everyone i spoke too was friendly.
All in all this was a great laundry experience and i highly recommend.
Also have heard theres some great mexican food in the strip.
Have to try next time.
My experience with truwest began over 40 years ago, and i have always had excellent service.
The employees make me feel at home, like family.
The web and mobile apps are very functional and easy to use.
Whether i am at home or away, i can always get the support and service i need.
Went to the atm and they don't have fees with my bank so that is a huge plus for me!!
Appreciate them having an atm in my time of need :)
I had a very pleasant experience at this boa location!
Jon henry helped my sister and i!
He really made everything easy and explained everything to us!
I would go to this location again just because of him
Always come to this place to cash my my check every two weeks.
The staff is always friendly and  works hard on making sure all my needs are met.
I want to thank cheyenne for the incredible service she provides to her customers.
She has gone above and beyond and always friendly.
Thank you for your dedication to your customers and job.
I would also like to mention that i have read reviews from others with 1 star.
It a shame how people are so quick to complain and not share their good experiences.
I thought i'd be proud of myself when i finally paid the entire remainder off in july.
Or so i thought.
Fast forward 4 months after i sent the final cheque.
Low and behold a letter in the mail threatening a collections agency over $70.
I mean, you've gotta be f-ing kidding me, right?
I had thought for months that this was a done deal!
The chick was so rude on the phone i couldn't believe it.
I did something i hardly do...
I not only raised my voice, but i also slammed the phone down on her.
If i hadn't i would have said things my momma wouldn't be proud of.
She states that they've been calling and writing.
I think i would have noticed that, since i had apparently paid off the loan in full.
And that i'm accruing a debt of a whopping 5 cents/day in interest .
I stewed about it a while but ended up sending the money along with a very unpleasant note.
That's what you get for being honest, peeps - you end up paying for it!
And with royal bank, again and again!
If i ever move back to canada there's no way i'd do business with this joke of an organization.
Ceo nixon's letter to canadians is insulting and a travesty.
It deserves to be enshrined as a model in business communications classes.
Since rbc is too big to say they made a mistake.
Let's make them smaller.
It was 6pm so they'd just closed but there were still employees in the branch.
Red lights start flashing after it spat 7 bills back.
My card wasn't coming back our either    super frustrated!
She gave me the info to try to resolve my money that got jammed inside the atm.
At that  time she pointed out the tiny sign near where u deposit your money saying only 25 bills.
In my opinion the big sign when your logging on to the atm should say 25 bills, not 50!
My saving grace after being in a bad mood to begin with was sandy!
She's who i spoke to on the phone.
Her pleasant attitude and bubbly attitude turned my bad experience into a much more tolerable one.
I hope you and oncu realize that you are a 10 star person for oncu!
The 3 stars are because of the 2 different bill amounts allowed which doesn't make things clear enough.
I've never been inside, but every time i want to rush through and make a deposit it never works!
I'm so fed up i could scream!
Every single time (5+ now) i've tried to make a deposit at this atm it fails.
I mean, i'm using brand new bills in this thing and it's rejecting them straight up.
You can clearly see the magnetic stripe running through it and yet still, rejection.
I get that you don't want to get counterfeit money, but at this branch they don't want any at all!
I hate this atm.
The comments above are old and generous.
This has to be one of the slowest chase banks i have visited.
One banker working in the whole bank...for real!?!
You have to be kidding me.
First it took someone 10 minutes to be recognized.
Then when a lady was called to attention instead of helping she leaves to find someone to help us.
I can't with the lack of timeky customer service at this branch.
Everyone was so nice at this wells fargo and it's never a wait.
Idk why it has such bad reviews but i come here and never have any issues.
I have been banking with wells fargo for years and not ever experienced what i did at this branch.
The branch manager courtney and another teller named amanda we're helping me with a large transaction.
I wanted to double count my $ before handing it over to the bank for the sake of accuracy.
They stated at first that i couldn't but could instead stand up and count at a teller's window.
I asked "how come?
No one is currently seated or being assisted at that part of the bank."
I felt like i was being told i had to sit at the back of the bus.
This was merely the first off-putting experience i had.
After counting the $, i went to the bank teller window.
The lady was counting it by hand.
I was told that it wasn't working, which i found odd.
This is a wells fargo.
A cash counter is $50-100 at most to purchase.
They didn't have a backup somewhere?
A few minutes later, i see another bank teller using it with no issues, at all.
I questioned the teller helping me and she said she thought it wasn't working, but must have been wrong.
I again asked nicely for her to use it.
She said it was for bank use only and up to their discretion which made absolutely no sense.
It was funny how the story changed from it's not working to i'm not using it to help you.
I am a customer depositing a large amount of $ into an account with your bank.
Isn't that considered bank use?
I again told her i was running short on time.
She then asked me a very personal question in a snarky manner.
Well, then how come you haven't been making your deposits lately?
Point blank, that is not any of your business.
Approximately, 30 minutes later she was done counting my funds, and i was told that they were $80 short.
I exclaimed that was not all right and it needed to be recounted.
Again, i asked how come the counter could not be used.
She stated it was not for clients, but bank use -- very rudely.
This was after i saw them counting clients $ right in front of me!
I asked to speak to the manager.
She said she was the branch manager then looked at the teller with a grin on her face.
I said i checked my funds three times in a row and knew how much was there.
Even in the event i was wrong, to have someone from your bank be off by $20 is not acceptable.
At this point, i told them i wanted my funds back and was going elsewhere.
I also told them that they were extremely rude and unprofessional.
This was by far the worst experience i have ever had at any banking branch!
These employees amanda and courtney should not be working in this industry.
I have no idea how they currently still have their job!!
I felt like i was being teamed up against by snobby, disrespectful juveniles.
It was as though they were saying, "we have the authority to treat you anyway we want to."
Wells fargo bank has been a wonderful place to bank at before this happened.
Now i have mixed feelings.
Great customer service and helped me with a process of opening and closing a few accounts...
Great staff thanks jim and ronald for all your help.
They made it real easy to open a 2nd checking account, and very knowledgeable..
Not happy with service since opening account will be looking to leave the bank.
My washer at home was down and i needed to do my family's laundry.
Came here and redeemed the 9 minutes free drying by checking in.
I also forgot soap and was pleasantly surprised they were offering free soap.
Don't know the brand but it did the job.
I wouldn't recommend coming here during the afternoon.
I think it would get pretty sketchy here at night.
The workers here are very nice and helpful though.
I have 10 years total in , 4 years active duty army and 6 years air force reserve .
Well , i was told that i didn't qualify since i didn't retire from the military !
I guess those 10 years of service means nothing .
What a slap in the face , especially 6 days before veteran's day .
I felt disrespected in front of my son .
Bank of america - hands down - is the worst financial banking institute period.
I used to, literally, be their biggest advocate.
The customer service in this bank is amazing.
I felt transported back in time when banks knew their clients and valued a face to face transaction.
I still remember the smell and excitement i felt watching my money grow.
The teller was so nice.
It was my first time there but she treated me like and old friend.
As she was quickly and efficiently taking care of business she engaged in conversation with me.
She asked questions and was genuinely interested in me as a human.
I feel terrible that i do not remember her name but her birthday is 2 days after mine.
I am so grateful to come across my pisces sister in this chase bank.
If you live in the area this is the place to bank.
Thank you for restoring my faith in true customer connection.
I have been a desert school fcu customer for 20+ years.
I have never had an issue, not even once, when dealing with dsfcu.
If there is a mistake, they immediately correct it.
If i make a mistake, it's not a condescending "told ya so" mannerism.
I have a vehicle loan with dsfcu as well and the rate i received was the best around.
I always am treated in a calm, cool, and professional manner no matter who i work with at dsfcu.
Every single time i come to any bank of america they have 1 teller working.
A line to outside.
Want to be bankers in cheap suits asking if they can help you but they can't do anything.
B of a is an absolute joke.
With all the bad news on wells fargo, i decided to check our bank accounts (checking and savings).
(we sold our home).
Today, i called 3 times with no good advice or wrong advice from various csr.
I was ready to close all our accounts but your good training saved the day.
This chase is at green valley pkwy and pebble, surrounded by shops i frequent often.
It's not physically possible for this branch, since it's between two other businesses.
You won't get weird looks at the drive-thru.
Teller service has always been efficient and friendly.
Atm at the entrance is available 24/7.
Parking is ample and never a problem, unless you come sunday and run into the brunch crowd.
That's when you realize chase is closed (yes, which i've done!)
And end up walking over to cracked egg to get some coffee cake.
Today was the last straw with chase bank.
Tellers standing around joking and talking but no one else.
I guess people don't work anymore or chase just doesn't want our money.
If you want service, this is not the place and what is more sad, chase doesn't care.
They close at 2 on saturdays.... not 4.
They should update their yelp hours so people don't waste their time.
Not to mention no one can help when you call.
Wells fargo, why you no good bank?
Beatrice was more than welcoming and professional.
She made sure we were treated like vips.
The whole bachelor party would return for beatrice!
She deserves a raise or great tips!
Debbie padilla, she was the most polite person i've ever met in the bank/credit industry.
She was such happy person and made me feel good joining their credit union.
I'm happy with the decision i made today joining and meeting with her especially.
Unfortunately this branch cannot forecast their busier hours.
There are only 2 tellers for a huge line during rush hour.
The manager says that they are busy.
They have 7 teller stations, but only 2 are manned.
They are understaffed, not busy...
This is the worst bank in the entire country - and i am referring to the bank as a whole.
I told merchants that i hadn't received their refund ... when in fact ...
I just didn't know about it and the bank hung on to my money; 2.
My online service was suspended (for reasons unclear/unknown to me); 3.
I pressed "2" for the french language line.
And i had to call twice because the first agent gave me an incorrect temporary password.
Folks, avoid banking at this institution at all costs!!!!!!!!!
Worst service i've experienced.
Myself & a few other customers waited for 40 minutes while a few relationship managers sat idly at their desks.
I requested for a 2nd checking to be closed.
The relationship manager ensured me it was but lo & behold a week later it's still open.
I spent over an hour there on my day off & it was for nothing at all.
I just have to say though, every time i'm here there is the sweetest girl working named shana.
She is the hardest working person i've seen in quite some time.
She cleans this place from top to bottom!
Management- give this girl a raise!
The place has good options for different laundry needs and i rarely see a machine down unlike most places.
On howard hughes drive off sands.
Easy walk from the wynn, about 15 min, staff was very friendly and helpful!
The neighborhood wasn't the greatest but the facility was well kept thanks to the staff.
The washers and dryers worked great and there was plenty to choose from.
The staff was extremely helpful and kind.shannah was on top of her job and got us whatever we needed.
I'll be using this facility again soon.
Went on a sunday afternoon and found open machines easily.
The free wifi advertised doesn't hardly work.
My iphone could not connect and i am writing this review over my lte.
Not the cleanest place, but it is safe.
I washed my color clothes for about 3.75.
And my whites for about 1.75 and dryer i spent about a 2.00 for both my loads.
And esteban was great on suggesting which size washer i should use for both of my loads.
Hard working and very personable kind of guy.
I'll definitely be coming back.
This bank is the most misleading information in all their papers, they still people money, and get people in bankcrapcy.
They close your accounts even if you are class a customer with them.
They change rates whanever they want the highest from all the other banks.
The owners still money from canada and put oversee in their own accounts on poor canadian people.
All of you take out all the money and don't sign any papers with them.
They must be shot down.
Rbc also take advantage that gov in canada, has no legislation for nothing.
They are crooks and thefts.
Ok,  so what do you do in vegas with a bunch of  co-workers after the trade show has just finished?
Well one dumb ass in the group...who shall remain nameless...joe!....says, "let's go to a tittie bar!".
Oh shit, here we go again.
They of course say, "hell yes !"
So we get a cab and it drives the 4 of us to deja vu showgirls.
Don't pay him"  i've never gotten such a look of hatred from a cab driver, but it's true.
Then we get to the door.
Joe is lost, he asks me... "so you don't pay the cab driver, but you pay the door man?"
"yup" is all i say.
We sit down and immediately get surrounded by girls and waitresses.
They know a big tipper only gets the good table.
The big bouncer guy comes over and apologizes for the the mad rush.
He gives all the girls a stern look and they shrink away.
I have never seen a happier man.
Some strippers come by...rather cautiously and ask if anybody would like a $30 a song lap dance?
And slinks away all sexy like.
The men at the table are now like wtf?!?
I tell them..."hey look around?
How many lap dances do you see?"
"exactly, the girls are going to get hungry soon."
Not 10 mins later, the dj comes on and say, "gentleman it's your lucky day !
-  3 song lap dances are now $30!"
They all turn to me and say, "mark, how many strip clubs have you been to?
"only 2, i reply,...but i've had a stripper for a roommate."
You should have seen their jaws drop.
"listen guys" i say, "most of these girls are on coke right now.
She sees me and comes over with a wickedly evil smile.
She doesn't say anything and spreads her legs and sits on my lap cowgirl style.....
I stifle a yawn,...and look away and take a sip of ice tea.
That got me a punch in the shoulder.
I smile and hold her stare.
Who am i to deny that kind of bold faced lie?
All my co-workers now think i'm god.
What happens in vegas....stays in vegas.....and gets reviewed on yelp
I wasn't expecting much due to the reviews.
I had researched and this is financially a good credit union from what i read.
I went to the location on flamingo and ft. apache that was a little hard to find.
But the customer service was the best i have ever had at any bank.
Krystin was awesome and explained everything to me for a new account.
Showed me how to use online stuff.
We made sure the card worked by showing me the atm.
Seems like they care a lot to me.
Worst finance company ever.
Told me lies about my faulty car i bought from wise auto brokers.
Did underhand deals on my car..will continue to spread the word about them.
Stay away from this bank.
The customer service is awful.
This bank screwed me for the last time.
By far the worst banking experience ever!
Came here on a friday afternoon to have a wire transfer processed for a new home purchase.
The woman i saw was telling me that whatever interest rate i'm getting she will do better.
I said thanks but no thanks i just need the wire.
Well she was caught off guard and we didn't talk for the rest of the time.
This one example of how horribly i've been treated at this bank of america and others in the area!
Pretty sure i'll be moving banks asap!
This place is a huge scam!
I've contacted the ftc and bbb about this place.
Hopefully their doors will close for good.
Shame on you guys.
I am writing this letter to explain the horrible experience i had when trying to purchase a home this year.
This process started early june 2014.
Of course i would much rather own a home then rent so i started to search immediately.
We searched and searched over 20 homes and eventually found a great home that would work for our family.
At first the process started out ok.
I got the documents requested to az central as soon as possible.
So i put in my notice to move out of my house by august 31st.
From here on out it seemed to be a mess.
Every other day there was some document missing.
I kept calling to see what else could be needed.
It was extremely frustrating.
It seemed very unorganized.
Finally the closing date was near.
All along the way i was getting the impression that all was well.
I was never told there were any problems.
August 12th we were told that an extension was needed to gather more documents.
This was news to me because i was being told it was all on track to close this date.
My realtor even went out of town and before she left was told all was on track as well.
The extension was until august 22nd.
They assured us that likely it would be done sooner.
The next ten days in my opinion were ridiculous.
This document had to be mailed out, no faxing or emailing possible.
The student loan company told me it would likely take a week for processing time and mail.
I was estimating i would get it august 21st (1 day before close).
If i was asked for this document early in the loan process this would not even be an issue.
So during this 10 day extension we heard on several occasions "we will hear tomorrow".
I lost track of how many times that was said.
Each "tomorrow" i was told it would be the next day, then the next day, then the next day, etc.
Arizona central credit union did not care that they waited until the very last second on the last day!
I literally felt homeless.
Luckily for us our realtor is exceptional; she was on it immediately and found us a house that would work.
To be perfectly clear my complaint is not that i was denied.
My complaint is how it was handled.
It does not make sense to me that i was prequalified only to be denied on the last day?
The communication was awful.
Often i would be told i would receive a call to update me and the call would never happen.
It was extremely unprofessional.
To summarize this experience, it was the worst experience possible.
I just moved to this area and this is the closest chase bank to my home.
I've been three times now and have had no issues.
Just really helpful knowledgeable staff.
I'm looking forward to using this location more in the future...updates to the review then.
I went into this state farm office today to ask a couple questions and wow, what great people.
Bill, patti and deanne were so nice and helpful with all of my questions.
I love this bank of america location for a couple of reasons.
First is that it is very close to my house.
Second is that it is never busy, you can usually walk right up to the counter.
The only downside to this location is that they do not have a drive-thru.
I know ( lazy) but it is vegas and it is getting hot.
I bank with another bank and a credit union, i choose not to have direct deposit.
Our company just switched payroll companies and unfortunately they are now drawn through b of a.
When i told her who i banked with she asked if neither of my banks would cash my paycheck.
Is the problem that i am there and you feel that i shouldn't be, because that's how it came across.
Now i'm not one who is quick to react even when feeling as unwelcome and belittled as i felt.
So i would just like to make a suggestion to bank of america .
If not having an account is a problem then stop cashing checks for those without an account.
Everyone is a potential customer and you never know who you're "assisting".
Went to open my account and have been satisfied ever since.
Staff is always friendly and fees are clear cut and explained in the beginning.
I also enjoy the fact that it's a smaller bank.
I would highly recommend this bank
Im sure most of you are not surprised by the rest of the reviews but what a mess!
From the wait time to management, the whole experience was a nightmare.
Will be looking into moving my money asap and all because of this experience.
If you are looking for a wf branch that offers friendly service for general banking needs, this is your bank.
There are more reasons given of why they are unable to assist rather than looking at alternatives.
Start watching guys as your keybank checking accounts are about to go into overdraft.
They re order the transactions as they see fit.
This is unethical business practices.
All i needed was a screen shot so simple.
Hands down the best tatty bar ever!
Private dances, fully nude, hot girls whom whose daddie's i thank ever so greatly for not loving them.
No booze but hey...what do u think the parking lot is for?
Stay far away from this bank!
I opened a simple checking account in 2009 when i decided to leave chase after they made some policy changes.
Little did i know that was going to be the biggest mistake in banking i ever made.
A week after i closed my account, they reopened it and started charging fee's without an explanation.
So i paid them their stupid $5 fee and walked away thinking that this issue was closed.
After a long heated discussion, i demanded that they remove the charge off immediately.
Their collections department decided that they would try to muscle me into backing off.
These people are low class, unprofessional, and display some of the worst customer service i've ever seen.
I filed a small claims suit against them in 2015.
The bank was forced to remove the charge off for failure to communicate the charges with the customer.
It turns out that they are all talk until you take them to court.
Save yourself a lot of trouble and don't do business with small nevada banks.
I came here in a bind, and was greeted with professional, helpful and quick customer service.
The lady who attended me was awesome!
One of those times that made me happy that i bank with td :)
This location is very convenient.
The parking  is great  right in front  of the building  .
The guard  in front of the building  was helpful.
The team at the branch know  all their  customers.
And are always eager to help .. there are no lines
Always great customer service at their branches & never a long wait.
Plus, they support various non profits which makes me happy.
This is a decent bank for anyone looking to start a basic banking experience.
Tayler was very nice and took great care of me.
Joanne, the branch manager is outstanding!
She goes above and beyond for her customers.
It's like banking with a friend, joanne greets you by name with a warm and welcoming smile.
She's a problem solver too, fixes everything.
Her staff is also great.
Seriously do your job so i won't be stuck going to the bank on two separate occasions.
My coworkers mother just died.
She and her mother both bank here at the sun city office.
My coworker went down there on her lunch today to take care of her mothers account.
Her mother opened this account many years ago when my coworker was married with a different last name.
The woman who was "helping" her today was extremely rude.
She came back to work crying.
Her eyes were red and she was so upset.
Apparently the woman said about her last name being different now "well didnt your mother know who you are?!"
And gave her a bunch of grief about everything.
We work in customer service ourselves and i cannot believe she was treated so heartlessly.
If i could give negative stars i would!
This branch is always the slowest when it comes to customer service!
It is a friday and there is only one clerk at the desk.
I have currently been in line 45 minutes now and the clerk is slow as christmas.
Not to mention there was no damage control for the wait by any member of management.
Find another bank or branch!!!
I wish i could give it negative non-stars.
Run as far away from here as possible and do not put your money here.
The employee turnover is huge.
They hire people who have zero skills so all your interactions with them are arduous and aggravating.
I seem to be the only one letting them know there is a problem but they never fix it.
They simply don't care at all about their customers.
The final straw was that the week of december 12th.
I finally have a car now.
I drove to the maryland parkway atm at 9:30 am.
Of course it was out of order as usual!!!
So i sat in the car waiting to make a deposit inside when they open at 10 am.
Thirty minutes sitting in the car!!
Without being able to make this deposit, i can't turn on my online advertising.
They came out at 10 am and woo hoo!!
Everything is out of service!!
I mean it's 2015.
How do you not have a handle on your systems.
So i put in google maps to find another location, which ended up being a corporate office.
I don't acknowledge what she said, which i know pissed her off by her body language.
It's not like she asked em a question i ignored.
I simply didn't participate in her rapture over my dog because it was beyond unprofessional.
I asked this lady if they take deposits.
I was neither friendly nor rude.
Surrounding the building is a blue iron fence and nowhere in sight is an atm.
There is a sign that says "drive up atm" with an arrow that points towards the back of the building.
I thought maybe the gates open when a car comes up so i tried that, but the gates don't open.
She says, and i quote, "oh i'm not allowed to leave."
My thoughts were, "allowed"??
You can't step outside and show me where the atm is?
This location doesn't even keep money on site.
So i ask her again to please explain where the atm is.
I told her i only see blue iron gates surrounding the building.
So woo hoo, she breaks her rules and tells another woman she is going to go outside to show me.
I mean it's nuts by this point!
She's pointing to the air.
The problem with this woman is that she has no ability to communicate.
In my frustration i called her a name and spat at the ground telling her how useless she is.
First of all, the atm sign points to the back of the building.
Second, why would any reasonable person think that the atm is on a different property than the bank's own property.
Third, why doesn't this woman just say it's on the other side of the fence.
I wish i could include pictures of their complete incompetence!
I was approached by a polite young man who introduced himself to me.
Pulled the chair out for me.
Signed me up for an account.
Walked with me to deposit my money to the teller.
Walked me to the door and opened it for me.
Thank you one nevada.
I'll bank with the grown ups now.
Looking forward to all your remaining offices closing.
Don't bother with this location!
Yasier rudely interrupted hector with, "what do want me to do about it?
You can see i'm with a customer."
Hector then says, "well you can come over and tell us what's going on, did someone call in sick?"
Yasier says, "we called about the atm.
There is nothing else i can do about that.
Someone called in sick and another person is coming to help they will be here by 11."
And then he just stares at hector until he walks away.
I watched and listened to the entire conversation.
Yasier alvarez was unbelievably rude.
They never did cash my check.
I waited an hour in line.
They told me i would have to open an account!
Not at this branch!!!!
******************************************************* i have some news for people who are in the service industry, including banks:  service includes kindness!
******************************************************* you never know what someone else is going through.
If you're looking for the quick convenience of an atm do not go to this branch!
Left sitting here for a personal banker for a simple statement printout.
I arrived at 1220 waited till 1pm and then just left.
I questioned a worker she got snippy saying we're busy.
Maybe don't reserve only 3 bankers during the lunch hours.
First, for the afternoon, the cover was 30 dollars apiece.
Normally girls, weekdays, or afternoons are cheaper, but not here.
Once we got inside the place was empty.
So we moved to the main stage.
Banking with b of a is always a pleasure.
Never had any issues with this location.
This location has been there for a long time.
The only thing that bothered me is that they require an appointment for a notary.
It only takes 5 minutes or less to sign and stamp the damn piece of paper.
I use to be one too.
Anyway, so much for "service" for your customers.
They made me give my business to postnet across the lot.
Don't waste your time going there for notary just head straight across the parking lot to postnet for $5.
Appointment for notary is stupid.
Thursday afternoon i explained how i was looking for an auto loan asap.
I needed to email over additional documents, which i did.
When i asked christina if i would have an answer by friday morning she said "yeah."
So here i am days later...
I asked to speak to a manager and it went straight to voicemail!
I then spoke with andrew and he was helpful and nice.
Andrew explained she denied my loan so i had to get a co-signer.
I now have to wait till 3 or 4pm for an answer....
They really need to work on being more time efficient and accommodating to their customer's needs.
I won't be coming here again.
Shana is so friendly and has an amazing smile!
Thank you for making my trip from hawaii awesome and easy!
What an absolutely beautiful and sexy gentlemans club!
The doorman/host was super nice as well as the rest of the staff.
The girls are really pretty and young.
Fantastic customer service thanks to michael marshall.
Can't say enough great things.
Keep up the excellent work!
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Dont ever use their atm for deposts!
Their atm jammed mid-deposit.
(i was on my way shopping and now couldnt go).
They never made the funds available.
I called and talked to 4 people who gave me the runaround-should have been deposited when machine was balanced.
Money will be held until next week.
I have no money, and no one cares.
It is on "hold" until next week.
I can'g grocery shop to feed my family.
It was all the money i had.
One rep said it happens regularly-what?
How can they hold my money so my kids have to starve until next week?
I'll be leaving this institution.
Prior to this we were going to buy a home-called three times to get the ball rolling.
Each time we were told they'd get back to us.
Customer service is awful.
This is an awful place on so many levels.
Oh, and telllers have to have their last names displayed-leading to awkward questions from members.
I witnessed it on many occasions-weird to say the least!
Moved to the neighborhood and was excited i have a ba right by me.
Went in friday afternoon to find one teller working.
I bet they were happy.
Never going here again.
The manager on duty was also not helpful, and had a bored attitude.
I have never met such incompetent people before.
I would never bank here or at any other bank of america.
I had an auto loan with boa and they sent me a reimbursement check.
So i had to go to boa for them to sign it and then i could deposit it.
I went to this bank and they made me wait 45 minutes.
After 45 minutes, the banker told me that next time i should have them issue the check to my bank.
He didn't apologize for how long it took and then blamed me.
Too many  erroneous fees and they never reverse them.
They look for reasons to charge overdraft fees.
Stay away from here!!!!
And shanshan wang will not get anything accomplished for you.
This bank proves why you should bank with us bank.
Jennifer went above and beyond to exceed my expectations and truly shows they care for their customers.
Thank you for being a great partnership.
I look forward to many years ahead.
I have just decided to take my business elsewhere.
I find this to be nonsense given the fact we live in a digital age.
Yesterday at 4pm 1 teller.
This bank really sucks.
They have a greeter and plenty of personnel to open accounts and do loans.
Terrie and cindy helped me get approved for my auto loan at 1.99% awesome =]
It's too bad about the negative reviews.
I am a new member and i used them for an auto loan recently.
The loan process itself was relatively smooth, quick and hassle free.
I got an awesome 2.98 interest rate.
Teresa popp was my loan closer and she was very nice and friendly.
She has been more than helpful.
However, i don't see the big deal.
My main bank that i use, i do everything online and through atm.
Makes life easier that way.
Who would want to go inside and deal with a teller all the time?
Anyway..if you want a loan for something you should try them out, as i had a good experience.
Like many of the other complaints, line was to the door (not exaggerating), and there was only one teller.
Save your time and go to another location, even if this is closest to you.
Another place would probably be faster.
I have utilized az central cu for one of my personal checking + savings account.
I like their mobile application and never have had an issue with their bill services.
I have been happy with my membership over the last two years.
The way this company does business is highly unethical.
They don't live up to their end of the bargain in a deal.
We sold a car and used this bank to finance it for our customer.
We put the car in their name as the lien holder, installed a gps, everything they asked of us.
They treated me and my associates like garbage.
I wish they were closer to me so i could of gone over their personally.
You don't treat people like this in business.
What a trip this place is.
Ladies who work there are wonderful and friendly .
I was in and out in 1 .5 hour without a hitch.
Staff were very helpful and change and machines all worked really well.
Surrounded by families and working people .
I went in today with the intention of opening my business account.
I asked about atms and they yelled to each other like what are the services?
(if i move my personal too i want to know this ) what are our fees?
One guy yells over the half wall and doesn't even come over and talk to me.
It seriously was the worst customer service i have ever experienced in a bank.
It was clearly apparent they did not want my account so i took my money and left.
Everyone was extremely helpful and efficient.
They were very thorough and explained the entire process.
They posted the bond within the hour after i signed the paperwork.
Will definitely be recommending them to everyone.
I visited the first weekend of august a sat night.
When we refused their attitude was horrible.
So he tipped them.
I know their not employees of the business but damn you should really have a cut off point.
I'm not footing someone's retirement check cause they couldn't utilize their youthful yrs better.
You guys know she looks her age.
Negative stars for that strip club experience.
30 people in line and only 2 tellers.
What a waste of time.
Not just this time but everytime its the same exact problem.
This place is great!
Super affordable and the staff is extremely friendly!
All of our clothes came out super clean!
Had the best time here at deja vu.
Check her out guys mariah.
I need a cold shower now.
This afternoon in the mail i received a rather fat envelope from desert schools credit union.
What they sent me was a bright and colorful brochure about their spanking new "relationship rewards" program.
I'm just a senior citizen who banks with usaa for the last 36 years.
We have had excellent service at this bank.
They're friendly, professional and have the products we need, including personal and business accounts.
This branch is unbelievably awful.
The parking lot is ridiculous and impossible to navigate.
The loomis truck is there every stinking day for over an hour.
I waited for thirty minutes while he blocked all the drive-up atms today.
The customer service is terrible.
Looks like this branch didn't like the honest review i gave them yesterday...so they had it deleted.
This is what happened...
Said they only see you by appointment only.
I told her how ridiculous that was considering i was the only person waiting to see a banker.
She could care less.
She was too busy chit chatting with other employees when she could have took 5 mins to help me.
Meanwhile the teller line grew to about 10 people with only one teller.
Of course she had an answer for everything, none of them acceptable by any of the many customers who complained.
Again, she was too busy walking around chit chatting with other employees to help anyone.
Fast forward... been sitting in the lobby over an hour now.
I still need to wait another hour.
Worst customer service i've ever encountered!!
He said he could take me earlier than my appointment time, 15mins earlier.
I started my stopwatch as i walked to his desk.....i stopped it as i opened my car door to leave.
Again, worst customer service ever!!
During all the time i sat there, every customer left upset due to the horrible customer service.
I deal with two other banks.
Both of them the branch manager will assist customers with transactions when it gets busy.
Not the branch manager here.
Walking around with a clipboard and talking with other employees was her main concern.
*********also wanted to let you all know b of a had more than 6 negative reviews deleted from this site.
When i posted to let this be known, they contacted yelp to have that removed too.
Yelp then contacted me letting me know i couldn't post that.
I guess the truth reeeeeally hurts sometimes.
I am staying at a resort in vegas that doesn't have an in house laundry facility.
My laundry was clean and smelled great.
Thank you for the excellent service
I had an easy problem to fix.
To which the tellers told me to call and complain.
Been a customer since wachovia days.
And going to fifth third.
Linda was the best!
I re financed with her and she made everything go very smooth and was also extremely nice.
I'm so glad that i'm banking with one nevada now!
So you walk in and there's 23 people in line.
In fact, one of the two checks i deposited today was from that visit long ago!
I walked in, got in line and waited (maybe) 4 minutes.
The teller practically whispered, but hey, i'm old and half deaf...she got my shizzit done in a jiffy!
I will no longer waste my valuable time at another crappy branch.
Back here to flamingo i'll be!
Choose a different bank .find a credit union .
The bankers at open your account forget to tell you important information about the account.
When you have an issue you're told that is a provision on your account.
It was not made clear that you cannot get online history of more than 90 days.
The branch can't get online history of more than 90 days, unless you checked a box....what?
So i finally was told where to go to check the box, great.
No wait...it won't go back only from when you actually checked the box.
It will stop cost minimum $6 per statement, eve.
Though customer service on the phone said to go into the branch and they can run it for free.
This is the age of online....only 90 days, really?
This is the real kicker though...i had fraud activity on my account.
I called and was told there was nothing i can do until the charge actually "cleared ".
It was just in a pending status.
I said, ok.  and watched for it to actually change from pending to charge, no biggie...everything good.
But get this...i had a merchant that ran the wrong card on file for me.
It was a big purchase.
They immediately cancelled the transaction on my us bank debit and ran the correct card.
Us bank charged me nsf fees for everything that came through the account even though the amount wasn't charged.
I said it wasn't "charged " it's pending!
After a few days the pending dropped off and i called the bank.
The lady wasn't very pleasant but she did reverse the fees.
Banking shouldn't be this hard people!
Never a problem with my credit union.
I went to a big bank because i live in 2 states and it was supposed to be more convenient.
Ugh....stay clear....go somewhere that values you as a person not a revenue stream.
Extremely bad service, would give -1 if i could.
People working there are incompetent and racists.
After wasting an hour of my time, i went to the branch in squirrel hill murray ave.
It did not take them 5 minutes.
Will close all my accounts after i carry all of my automated payments.
Amex used to be a great card with great service.
I switched to amex years ago due to their service and help.
Go else ware for your credit needs or learn another language.
It just baffles me to death!
This is what happened the night i went to this strip club.
I don't expect to go to place like las vegas and experience this.
One waitress there had the nerve to tell me to feel free to tip her.....lol!!
Tip is never demanded or asked for, it is earned.
That's the kind of thing that will make me not want to tip you.
There is room for lots of improvement here or they really need to shut down!
I have been banking at wells fargo for many years and this particular branch has excellent customer service.
They are always friendly and helpful.
Sometimes the lines are long, but they try their best to get you in and out as soon as possible.
This branch is located inside the wells fargo building.
Unfortunately, i wasn't able to take any pictures of the bank as security guards inside the building wouldn't allow it.
This branch doesn't open on saturdays.
Maria fuentes has the best customer service skills i have ever seen with a banker.
Kind, fast, yet still socialable.
She's great & i highly recommend you request her!
Very helpful and very sweet
Sharon ruopoli came in to day met dasiy chantell mrs renae was so kind thay are organizations.
And good customer service.
Clean l wood love to work there i pray.
I am more than grateful because of mountain america!
I have been looking for a vehicle for awhile, however i had some issues with my credit.
There staff are very friendly and make you feel welcomed.
She helped me through out the entire process and made everything super easy!
Because of her i am now a proud owner of 99 svt cobra!
Thank you nancy and mountain america!
We also have used his service for our personal wash and fold.
The new stainless steel washers are great.
I've been a member of the credit union since 2014.
I love krystin at this office; however, see nobody but her and the manager.
Kathy is nice too.
Do not see norma.
She personally disrespected me and humiliated in me in front of other members.
My mother signed a check over to me on friday.
She did it at 7 pm, so i couldn't go into the credit union branch to make the deposit.
I had to do it via the atm deposit.
I explained to norma that i needed help because my rent is due tomorrow and the money wasn't available yet.
Norma had a terrible attitude and said,  "i'm not releasing a dime to you.
I have never felt so disrespected by anyone, especially at this branch.
Krystin, emily & kathy are the only ones anyone should see at this location.
Norma doesn't deserve to be working there if she's going to speak to customers that way.
Was back in town for a weekend and went to the bank to make a deposit.
To my surprise, this location is open sunday!
Wow, i lived nearby for over 4 yrs and never knew that!
Return factor - 100%
Should be a no star!
My boyfriend and i went on a saturday night, this place was horrible!!
The girls are ugly and tit-less.
Everything about this place sucked!
The guys at a hope are great!
Very very helpful, professional, efficient and prompt.
This business is definitely a class act!
I was in a difficult situation where i needed proof of insurance sent to a company.
I didn't have their email address or their physical address.
Typically in this situation most people would have told me to get back to them after i got the information.
She went above and beyond for me today.
The staffing here was horrible!!!
One bank teller and a line of nine!!!
A lady at a podium at the door not helping anybody!!!!
I'll bank somewhere else
So glad to finally ditch the big bank!
I should have done it years ago, but better late than never.
Took all my money out and got with a credit union.
This bank has great tellers and fast service.
It's clean and the location is very convenient.
It doesn't have a drive up window for teller assistance.
So i've been a customer of bank of america for over 10 years now.
My account is in virginia, but i can access it here.
This branch has a bunch of atms, so there is never a wait unlike some other boa branches.
This last trip to vegas, i actually had to go into the branch.
My dad locked himself out of his account back home since he messed up his pin.
I went into the bank expecting a problem but it is very easy.
He was very professional and it was smooth sailing.
I wish all bank branches worked this well.
Chad offered to refund the fee, but i'd have to join his cc which does not make sense at all.
I live in ca, and i'm only in lv for a couple of days.
The rating stays and again this is more as a warning for tourists like me.
Don't do business at this unethical business.
My $25 savings account from 2009 was  recently stolen from $5 a month for "account inactivity" fees.
They are a bunch of crooks.
It appears you now need to nickle and dime your customers with bs fees in order to stay in business.
Quick, easy, and full of friendly staff that love to get to know you by name.
Thanks, brianna, jennifer, and houa for all assistance and transactions.
45 min on hold yesterday!!!
They may be the oldest credit union in az but customer service sucks!
Mom moved out of az, will move her $ out of there asap!!
I sent an email and that wasn't responded to either!
Obviously their employees are stretched very thin.
Met eddie in february at their sun city location and he was awesome.
So today i have been on hold now for 12 minutes!
Easy to find, very clean.
Attendant was very helpful.
Good parking and very reasonable pricing.
It's the first place we tried in vegas but it did the job for us while traveling!
This is the slowest and most inefficient bank i have ever been to.
When they open they only have one teller available to help customers.
Great place to get an auto loan.
I don't have the best credit, but got 2.7%.
Everywhere else was over 8%.
Leo was very helpful when i explained my situation and needed to close a secondary checking account.
The guarantee is a 4 hour turn around.
Renee is the woman that helped me and she was amazing.
If you are on vacation, don't have a washer/dryer, or just feeling lazy, come here!
Bilingual service and easy approval....
You've got to check your records with this bank often.
We discovered that three strangers in another state added their names to my mother's account 8 years ago.
Nobody at the bank saw anything to be suspicious of or raised any flag.
It looks like you must be your own watchdog when it comes to your money.
Don't count on this bank for security.
In town for a basketball tournament.
Hotel washers are on the blink.
This was close by, located in a strip mall.
The staff was extremely personable, helpful and on the grind.
These ladies worked their butts off.
All the supplies you need from detergent, oxyclean, etc.
I stopped in here yesterday (5/12/18) on the off chance they could help me with opening a checking account.
I had just experienced a frustrating time at another name brand bank and felt pretty down.
That is until i met my new "relationship manager" lance.
Well first i must also mention the nice teller that pointed me in his direction.
Very pleasant and helpful as well.
Anyway lance is awesome and defiantly a great asset to this branches team.
He was engaging, friendly and even let me vent about my other experience that had me so bummed.
He was able to get me set up with exactly what i wanted and what was best for my needs.
Thank you lance for making my experience easy and my day much better.
If bofa does an employee appreciation program i certainly think you need to be recognized.
This staff is excellent.
We've been banking with this bank for over 5 years.
We've had a few incidents of fraud and this staff has taken care of us immediately.
They have be professional, polite, sympathetic and accommodating.
Tired of waiting in line every time i am in this location.
One teller and  5 empty window, waited 23 minutes to get my stuff done.
Their excuse was all their staff members are on holiday and they are short.
They refused to open another window even when 3 other guys sitting in their office and watching the crowd.
Waiting time is the only complain i have in this location.
Other than that they are helpful and nice.
I will reconsider my review once they decide to open two windows, not only one.
J. william quigley has been our state farm insurance broker for many many many years.
His office staff, especially lauren white, is very prompt and professional.
I would highly recommend them to friends, family, and fellow yelpers.
Its now been 2 1/2 months and they still have not returned my deposit.
I have callled them several times and called corporate office.
Everytime i call they have a different excuse and give me a different story.
I am now looking into taking legal action and reporting them to the bbb.
Stay away from this bank.
After this case is closed i will be closing my account with them.
Worst experience ever stay away
What can i say?
This is a bank.
Well, it's better, because it's a credit union.
Better returns, dividends and typically better customer service.
I only use the drive through at this location.
The parking lot and turn in for the drive through are horrible.
The wait is usually pretty long.
You can't see through the window to see who is talking at you, which weirds me out.
The staff have always been friendly though.
The location is pretty old, but it is clean and well-staffed.
Given that my local branch closed down, i am glad that they are still here...for myself, and for the employees.
I've been coming here a long time and i actually look forward to my weekly visits.
When can you ever say you look forward to bank visits?
These guys make it all the easier.
I like this location and there is a lot of atm's you can easily drive in.
Inside they seem nice if you have a customer service issue.
I came here from the midwest, and i needed a share branching credit union.
In touch was it!
They have given me outstanding service since day one.
Share branching is the way to go.
It is a win/win outcome for both credit unions abroad.
Thank you in touch!
You just doubled your business.
Teresa imel is very approachable and helpful!
Answered all my questions.
She is very knowledgeable too
I wish all banks provided this level of customer service.
In an age where banking is de-humanize with technology, the service at this branch is very refreshing!
Thank you phil thompson
This place is not inviting.
You have to wait in long lines.
You have to disturb a teller to get a deposit slip.
They id you for just about anything.
And then they tell you that you can't have all your money at once.
I'm glad i read the reviews, i know it's not us.
However, (other than erin) the service here is frustrating.
Any call from corporate is rude and inaccurate to where we just don't want to answer.
When i reported a credit card mischarge with from a fraudulent company they were miserable.
Not friendly smiles, no warm greeting.
Just borderline nasty .
Regrettable we opened here.
I had a million questions and becca akana was more than pleasant, professional, knowledgeable, and patient.
I came yesterday and talked to "mac" and he was just as awesome.
Is everyone @ this particular one nevada credit union this amazing?
I'm now a new member!
This was the only place open midday on a sunday!
Turns out i went to hs with two of the 5 girls dancing!!
Fookin small world yo!
Refinanced a loan at this branch and they were great.
Everyone is usually easy to work with.
My partner hates this branch and refuses to go in it.
The teller didn't want to refund the check fees.
All i could think is that this person worked for me she'd likely be forcing me to hemorrhage money.
No attempt to save the account...for less than $50!
She seemed to dog in and take pride in winning...
I explained i wasn't paying that much for printed paper that never even required processing.
The manager was brought in & offered to reverse some wire fees to make up the difference.
The amounts exceeded what i was asking for and declined.
I'll pay for services used.
She insisted and then asked what i would've done had she not made the arrangement.
I'd close the account and move to my other bank.
5 days later and no reversal.
I'm out of the country now, but when i return on wednesday in two days i'm closing it.
How does corporate allow such snarky incompetence?
This has got to be the worst credit union, friday night, cant get cash atms down.
Went to a broker approved at 4%.
This place is a joke!
I have been a member of cccu for quite some time now.
I have always had pleasant dealings with the staff.
This week, i decided to purchase a new car and utilize the brokerage at cccu.
Tracy webb and richie smith made the financing and purchasing of my car simple and easy.
13 minutes ago  great place.
Quick dryers and washing machines.
They even provide free laundry soap.
Also, kelly ann is a sweetheart.
Navy federal is such trash.
Not only is it the worst "bank" i've ever dealt with, it's the worst business.
You would be better off burying your money in the backyard.
They've failed to protect my money on multiple occasions.
Everything with this bank is a gigantic hassle.
It's offensive to me how they pander to veterans, when all they want is our money.
Today their systems are down, so they can't accept deposits or withdrawals.
I really hope they go out of business.
Christina loveda was the lady i talked to.
She was the biggest disrespectful bitch on this planet.
I don't understand what the fuck her deal was.
Someone needs to demote her and fucking knock her ego down.
She has fucking issues.
I've been banking at this location since 2005.
I love the building and the location is very convenient to my work and the south side of madison.
The tellers have always been very friendly with quick service.
I also have home and business loans through the credit union and couldn't be happier with the service.
The website banking services are also very good, including their android app for google phones!
Great staff at wf this location!
Always smiling & patient!
Complimentary water is such a nice jesture and calms me!
Drive thru doggie biscuits keep my doggies coming back!
Thanks, nichole, vicky and yaqueline.
As well as the tellers whose names i have forgotten!
See you next time!
Adi and joe always make my time there special!!
Very friendly and very prompt!!
The rest of the staff is golden!!
I've been a member for awhile and this is the best mgr and group that's been here!!
I always feel at home!!!
Thanks to all of them!!
Should be able to give below a star.
No they won't i'll take 50's if no 100's.
Says they can call another branch, no not driving somewhere else.
Then he decides he has a small amount in back and let me go check.
Amazing, he comes out with s bundle of 100's and says "found some so your good now".
Then runs through counter etc.
I leave him and go talk to branch manager for 2nd time.
Now we're 2 out of 2 visits.
This time diff story.
Branch manager apologizes "we had a run, didn't get our deposit".
Voting with my dollar and hope you all do too!
6 of us in line and one teller.
Someone comes out of back approves sees us and goes away.
Horrible management at this location.
If their atm gave large bills they would shut down!
The fat lady with the brown braid was a bitch.
Someone else helped me because of her incompetence someone else helped me because she took too long.
They also took forever with my transaction.
I just wanted two credit cards paid and i had cash in hand ready to go.
Normally it takes 5 mins.
In this case three people passed thru before i left.
Time can be justified rudeness can not!
Great company to work with.
Dave assisted with our refinance through the entire process and made himself available to answer questions quickly.
I would highly recommend working with pinnacle mortgage.
Found this place while searching for fluff and fold services on yelp & they did not disappoint.
They charge $1.78/lb for fluff and fold services & it's very worth it.
Save your time, come here & let them do the dirty work for you.
The staff is attentive & super friendly & i will continue coming here every time i need laundry done.
Thank you guys for excellent service!
The absolute worst service i've ever received at any chase branch.
Currently waiting 40 minutes for a banker to arrive from lunch to process a wire transfer.
It is 1:05 pm on wednesday.
Only one person here who can service a simple customer product.
Jeanette ellis is the manager of this branch and should be ashamed of her branch performance.
Stay away from this miserable person.
Definitely keep your money anywhere but here.
Or get a prepay card.
I closed my business accounts because of some of their policies a few months ago.
Won't ever open a personal account with them
Christian and the female manager have been very gracious to me.
I lost my job a few months ago and they have not treated with disdain.
I hate bank of america.
I will be changing banks.
Staff is friendly and if you're nice and have to tinkle, they allow you to use their facilities.
Rosita alvarez really took the time to help me out she's amazing !
And i didn't have to wait long
My family is being discriminated against by schwab.
We have provided the death certificate,  small estate affidavit, every bit of paperwork to prove where she lived and died.
Every conceivable piece of paper their incompetent staff at the estate distribution department has requested i have provided.
No one responds timely.
I've been told they are too busy and understaffed to follow up.
I have been told my paperwork is not enough to prove my siblings and i are the rightful beneficiaries.
By not accepting the paperwork from our attorney we are being called liars, frauds and cheats.
We are not sure we will ever be able to receive our dead mother's money from these scheisters.
If you have other avenues for ira's and investments i recommend you do business elsewhere.
Avoid schwab at all cost!
Usually my business is appreciated and never have a issue.
But today lexie attitude and vibe was not a good one.
Time to go to another bank?
I also haven't had any issues with the mobile application!
Your go to place when your in for your vegas experience for men & women.
Down to earth spot
Here is another review.....once again there is 14 people in line and two tellers.
I tried to come in yesterday but the line was out the door.
Parking lot is packed.wells fargo next door has 2 cars in the lot.
Such poor customer service demonstrated by their manager alyssa (not sure the spelling).
Visited the location and only 1 teller working at 12 in the afternoon.
When confronted by another customer she was rude and unapologetic .
I confronted her and she was rude and she became upset saying what do you want me to do.
Maybe some people could be helped thru the atm.
Really guys, what bank doesn't want to take your money??
This one does apparently!
So, if you have to bank at b of a, avoid this location like the plague.
Or a plague of ebola.
This place was terrible.
There were random people coming in and out without any laundry bags.
One of the worker's answered her phone by saying "what's up nigga".
As an african american i was insulted but some how not surprised.
Please change it back!
The upgrade is in no way easier!
This is a very good banking establishment and i will never go elsewhere!
So, to the staff at the litchfield and luke afb locations, yes .
Those are the only locations i frequent.
I'm sure the service is above reproach at every location.
The upgrade to the app is horrible!
I can't wrap my head around why the upgrade was needed and who decided this is better!
I have my two teenagers linked to my account and it's totally confusing to differentiate between accounts.
It took me almost 5 mins to transfer money because of the upgrade.
With so many electronic upgrades, credit union west did not need another one.
Please, please change it back!
I appreciate the service and smiles.
Thank you credit union west for making my banking experience positive and enjoyable when i have business in your branch.
Especially honey singh she helped us opening new account and we feel  so welcome.
Not like other bank there so rude.
We went into this branch to open an account with them.
We did that, but when we returned, there would still be a 20 minute wait.
We left, telling them we weren't interested in waiting.
I guess the banking industry isn't what it used to be.
But i do know one thing, chase bank won't be seeing any of our business soon.
I went here today because a local business had given me a check drawn on this branch.
It was 2:30pm on a weekday (hardly peak rush hour for banks on a 110 degree day).
The line waiting for tellers went all the way to the door of the bank.
That alone would prevent me from wanting to return to this branch.
What a waste of time!
Slowest bank i've ever been to.
Just one of the reasons i don't bank with them anymore.
*********updated***********  ms. colin's called me personally and we had a nice conversation about all of my concerns.
She addressed them the best she could.
Thank you for the long time services you have provided us cccu.
******************************* we have been long long long time customers of cccu.
We have never experienced our debit card being compromised before we even received the card in the mail.
Then a few months later we learned the bank would be closing completely to switch systems.
This is a bit ridiculous.
Whether you asked permission or not.
Then we have a charge show up on our account for $-6.68 and the description says sam's club from 8/2/18.
When i called no one can tell me exactly what it means because that date was before the new system.
And furthermore we cant keep our money in a bank where we cant trust our money will be there.
They also said they have stood in line for over 2 hours since the new system.
Whoever thought the new system was going to benefit cccu was clearly sold on a wrong deal.
In wisconsin, as many know, titles to cars are now sent to the lien holder.
I received my title in the mail with no lien holder registered.
I knew this was a mistake.
I was contacted about this and said i would drop it off when i have a chance.
Mind you this is their fault and now i am being threatened if i don't act in one day.
The collections manager is the rudest person i have ever talked to.
She treated me like i was a criminal.
Like i was behind on payments.
No, it is paperwork that they screwed up.
The woman at one point stopped talking and then hung up.
Done with them and i hope i can help you stay away as well.
I enjoy that the company looks to help locals invest their income.
My lending institution for the past 13 years.
They are easy to do business with and their online app is my main connection to them.
I have had car loans and a mortgage through summit and couldn't be happier.
Great rates, superior customer service, and the right products to fit my needs.
They are not, all employees we met with when we opened the account have been replaced a couple of times.
I would never deal with thus branch for anything ells other than only for cash withdrawal
This place is run by an idiot.
Avoid at all cost!
This bank has unreasonable wait times while staff can be seen doing nothing.
Will be getting rid of bank of america asap
Which for me, is too many!
All for a halfhearted apology and a bottle of water.
Here's the thing, wells - my mother had accounts with you for many years.
My stepfather has an account with you.
I would have been a relatively easy sell.
You effectively drove away my business before you even got it.
You'll never feel the pinch of having driven a way a potential small time checking and savings account customer.
But if you keep it up, there may be enough of us that is does make a difference.
Try to remember that.
Why does location only have one teller working!!!
I'm here 2-4 times per week, every week i have to wait for the one teller for my business deposit!
I understand that banks want their customers to migrate to automated systems, but what about your business clients like me!!
People continue to complain and continue to come into your local branches!
Every time a person starts using online deposit and atm deposit, a teller is eliminated!!!
It's bad enough that most banks are going to universal positions eliminating 30-50% of the branch workforce!!!
By the way bofa jazmin does a great job, especially since she's the only consistent teller working!!
The worssssssst customer service i have ever seen!!!
One of the teller was extremely unprofessional.
What a shame for bank of america to have employees like that.
Besides that, they are low on employees even though they are extremely busy.
Not a welcoming branch what so ever!
The service is outstanding, everyone is courteous and swift.
Even if there is a line, i've never waited longer than 10 minutes for a teller.
Normally i'm in and out in 5 minutes or less.
I just ended my 40 year relationship with #statefarm auto insurance.
#donnakohlhase was my agent and because of her mistake she left me stranded on the side of the freeway.
She was rude and i didn't get the service i've paid for.
She said, "it's not my fault your car broke down on the side of the freeway."
No, but it is your fault you put in a 2014 ford focus when it was a 2005 chevrolet cavelier!
This will be my only rant, which i've made public.
They don't switch the checking account to the cheaper checking account automatically after the trial period (lie/mistake).
They failed to tell me that there are two different credit card charges.
One that incurs a $10 fee each time even though i have money in my accounts.
Some bs about manually transferring money between accounts which was never disclosed to me, ever.
I switched from chase to a "less evil" credit union but the mega bank ended up costing me less.
Taking my money out.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
This is my favorite boa location.
Staff is helpful and friendly.
It can get busy tho especially with all the retailers banking here.
I don't mind it because after your done there is so many food places around that area!
Their mail offer said nothing about an appointment but to just visit a branch.
I guess they aren't interested in new business with a better than 50 year bank of america customer.
Do not open your account here.
I had great service from the local branches until now.
I had fraud on my account today and all the supervisor would say is check your account tomorrow.
When this situation clears up, i will be closing my account.
This bank is bad on over draft accounts.
If the funds are there wether in savings or checking why do i have to pay for overdraft fees..
They should transferred the funds automatically!!!!
Highly upset and now having to wait for manager approval.. poor customer service!!
Never been inside, but never had an issue in the drive-thru or at the machines.
There's rarely anyone else in the drive-thru so you can get your banking done efficiently.
Worst bofa baking center in las vegas.
Been here the majority of my life and i've never seen this place with less than 8+ people waiting.
Always only 2 tellers and the angriest most disrespectful manager this side of the mississippi.
No such thing as customer service here.
It got so bad i requested her (the managers) boss info and she refused to give it to me.
How she hadn't been fired yet is beyond comprehension.
If i didn't have everything set up through bofa, i would switch to wells fargo.
Rushed to the atm on the evening of november 11th 2017 to make an urgent deposit.
There was an error message on the machine.
No emergency telephone to call to have it reset so the atm will be out of service over the weekend.
Would be nice to list an emergency number on the machine or install updated machines that fit with the time.
Mario was an amazing help!
Super clean space + very nice area!
Looking forward to using their facilities in the future!
Wash at night, less people & there's more than enough space.
The drive through atm is always broken.
I have to go inside to make a cash deposit almost every time!
I'm considering changing banks for this reason.
I had the pleasure of being helped by marco wibowo.
I had such a pleasant experience dealing with him.
The customer service is top notch.
He answered all my questions thoroughly.
Not to mention i liked his tie.
It really caught my eye.
I will definitely be back.
Thank you marco for such a memorable experience.
I dont even want to give it a star.
Me and a friend went here a few nights ago after winning money in the casion.
Thought there would be less pressure going to a smaller club.
I am a dancer in vegas and i know the business very well.
They told us we weren't allowed to come in even though we had friends already waiting for us inside.
The way they tured us down was rude like we were criminals or something.
Literally did the same transaction across the street at bank of america.
Because the extra person doing whatever in the back stopped to help the customer who helps them have a job.
Oh and the girl was nice and not annoyed that i was there.
Efficient and cheap service.
The dryer was working a little bit slower than expected.
Actually, the machines here are easy to use and looks to me most of them are brand new.
Friendly staff willing to help and give you advice how to use the machines in the best possible way.
The very location might not be very safe.
I mean not the shop, but the area around.
There are a lot of shady random people wandering around, asking for favors.
Just keep an eye on your clothes, bags or valuables - there a lot of homeless people around.
I preferred to stay in instead to wait outside.
It was my daughter birthday.
I thought it would be a simple task.
I was told that the bank was afraid, it is laundry money.
If not you have to write them a check.
Unfortunately i didn't have my check book with me.
But i was lucky to have one account with the same bank.
So i asked to see the manager and i explained ludicrous this all transaction is.
But her answer was, i quote "we are a business and we are here to make money" i responded.
No you are a bank that is suppose to protect the money of the people.
Unfortunately you have not done a could job.
We would not have to be legally rope bye the bank with make up fees.
Then she blamed the government.
It always better to blame some one else.
I only blame the government for bailing the bank out.
Those institution should have going down.
May be they would have learned something.
But the government bailed them out hoping they would help us.
That was a joke, i still waiting for my bail out or any help by the bank.
Anyway let go back to the story.
It's been 30 minutes and the deposit wasn't finalized yet.
So i asked what was wrong?
She told me that she couldn't do the deposit because the account was dormant.
Which means if you don't use your account for a laps of time they deactivate it.
I said, she is 14 year old and it is children account of course she won't use it everyday.
So a simple deposit that usually would have taken 5 minutes.
It actually took me 45 minutes with a lot of deposit and withdraw slips.
I am so thankful for such a generosity.
Don't they realized they do need us to survive.
Yes, i am just a frustrated single dad that tried to do the right think.
Now, i scare that everything i try to do for my daughter will be vanished when she need it.
Because they will make new rules with of course new fees before she will turn 20.
That is it for now.
Thank you for reading.
Sign: simple man with a small voice in the universe.
Do not bank here!
I waited in line for 15 minutes for the only teller working to tell me this.
1 person at the counter, 3 standing around and 6 people in line.
This place is horrible.
On top of all that i heard everything going on behind me which involved a woman opening an account.
I would not want strangers hearing my business.
I love this bank!
It's a bank, but these guys are hometown, mom & pop, old-fashioned.
Go see dan bienz for loans, accounts, anything.
You could almost walk out of there with a handshake & a loan.
I had a bad experience at this bank, and especially this branch.
I've been a small business owner in one form or the other for about 15 years.
The payment was "returned" and my account was charged an overdraft fee of $35.
Upon learning this i immediately paid my credit card bill with another checking account at another bank.
However, the overdraft fee at my nevada state bank account brought the account into the negative range by about $2.
Throughout the time i was sick my account was charged between $5 and $15 in fees on a daily basis.
I asked the teller to waive the fees.
She said she had to get her manager.
My case was put before a supervisor named donna.
Donna's manner was very brusque and rude.
She refused to waive the fees or budge in any way, almost taking pleasure in the act.
It is her job it is to tell people to take a hike once the bank has bilked you.
My conversation with susan davies lasted about 30 seconds as well.
This bank touts itself has being a good, respectable, local bank that serves the small business owners of nevada.
Well, i am a small business owner and i just don't feel like they care about me or my business.
Their fee structure is onerous in comparison to the other banks.
It's their right to refuse my request to waive the fee.
However, throughout the entire process i felt as though i was being treated like a second-class citizen.
I felt like they were virtually kicking me out the door the moment i raised my complaint.
It was as if they were doing their best to get rid of me.
This branch gets very little foot or vehicle traffic.
I can see why.
Very friendly i've been banking with truwest for over 7 years i will never bank with anyone else
This review is of royal trust bank.
I opened an account there for the usual purposes, cash pay cheques, pay bills etc.
I was a single father of a 3 year old daughter at the time and was barely making ends meet.
1100.00 " she said.
If that happened today, i would have recorded it on my phone and threw it on youtube immediately.
This was the treatment i got.
Wow what customer service.
I hope whoever she was got fired and had to pump gas for a living.
This isn't my favorite location.
Mainly because there is no drive-thru.
Other than that, i really like desert schools.
I highly recommend a credit union over a bank.
When i had my accounts with a regular bank there always ended up being fees.
That isn't the case here.
The tellers are personable and helpful.
I recently lost my debit card.
Stopped by and explained the situation.
They canceled my card and gave me a new one on the spot.
Total time was maybe ten minutes.
I plan to be a long time customer!
I use this credit union for its shared branching services.
Everytime i come here the service is fast, friendly, and efficient.
I have yet to encounter a long line.
I think the longest line i've seen here was 3 people.
I can deal with that!
Only complaint i have is that i wish there was more parking available.
That can be pretty annoying.
Bank has helped me with personal loans and my car loans with not so perfect credit.
Went to this location this morning to deposit a check.
The guy in front of me was flirting with the teller, stella.
He was so loud and obnoxious, i could overhear his lame game.
What a waste of time for that dude.
Anyway, the service here was good.
Stella was quick and efficient and i was on my way within a couple of minutes.
Terrible terms and conditions.
Terrible with your money.
Terrible experience every time.
Banks need to be shut down.
Time for a lesson of customer service.
This loser should wise up and learn to serve the people who pay him....
I'm closing out my accounts and moving to bank that understands customer services.
Were it possible to give less than one star, i certainly would.
I dealt with their complaint department but nobody would return my calls.
I filed a bbb complaint, but they have not responded to that either.
Never get overdraft and always read the fine print with these bastards.
If you want a better bank, go with rbc.
They have been nothing but fantastic.
Since i didn't have much time, i opted for their wash and fold option which is not too bad.
I gave them instructions on how to wash my clothes as they tend to shrink on high heat.
They do provide the soap for wash and fold but it wouldn't hurt to provide your own.
I banked with tcf for roughly 5 years while i lived in arizona.
Add to that little things like a free coin counting service and they are very appealing.
I have had two negative experiences with tcf.
Needless to say, i was pretty pissed off.
Other than that, the only problem i have had with them was when i moved out of state.
However, when i got here of course there were no local branches so i had to get a new account.
I think this is complete b******* .
That means, i was unable to use it at any gas station.
Pain in the neck.
Easy to find on google maps.
Car parks right outside for your convenience.
Husband & i arrived around 4ish on  sunday afternoon there were plenty of available washing machines to choose from.
Easy to follow instructions as well.
On my way in i noticed a sign at the front to ask attendant for free laundry powder!
Also handy to have coins.
Air condition, fans & security fyi!
Good wash & dry  btw $3-5usd will come again thank you.
Every day they called wanted more information took weeks --went to different cu got the loan in 2 days.
I was with them for 7 years but no more.
Worst customer service ever!
Came in to make a deposit.
Had two little kids with me.
"we don't have any outlets" was the reply.
I said i only need it for two minutes to get the account number off my phone.
"sorry they are all in use."
At my work, we try to please customers and make them happy in every possible way.
If someone brings a dog, we offer to let them fill a water bowl outside.
If someone were to ask to plug in a phone that died, we'd say no problem.
I mean come on...two minutes plugged in??!!
With so much competition out there, we strive to provide the best customer service.
Needless to say, we have since closed our account and moved to a credit union and are very happy.
Oh, and bonus, the credit union said i can use their power any time.
I have had an account with intouch credit union since i was 2 years old.
It didn't help either that i'm talking to a machine.
She didn't explain much & was very stand-off ish.
It's sad to see your bank that you've been affiliated with your entire life come to crumbles.
Things seriously need to change.
The drive thru atm doesn't take cash deposits 80% of the time!
I am considering changing banks because of this reason.
I haven't been a fan of this branch in years.
The parking is horrible!!!
There are so many potential accidents happening everyday.
The staff isn't too inviting.
If they are friendly, it's usually noticeably fake.
It can get really busy since some of the tellers can be sluggish.
They aren't informative of your best options when pursuing guidance with account concerns.
Their drive thru atms always seem to be frequently out of order as well.
I'd say my experience here has always been mediocre.
Cold, dispassionate service from the rottenest bank in canada.
A royal fiasco, always.
Many better banks in canada.
This is the stephen harper of banks.
I have been a member since forever.
It does have its low financing benefita.
Must part of medical or govt issued jobs.. as well as privileged members of approved vendors/establishmenrs.
Shayna keeps this laundromat clean.
This laundromat has nice machines.
Paper money can be exchanged for coins and soap can be purchased from vending machines.
No sense of urgency what-so-ever.
Many people working but no one wanting to help the 7 people in line.
There were 3 people ahead of me and it took 20 minutes just to get their cash and get out.
Super sad excuse for customer service.
This location has a drive thru, which is fantastic when you have your puppy with you.
I didn't go inside so can't tell you much about the customer service at this time.
Have a blessed day.
I took the taxi from the flamingo and had to wash about 8 pounds of clothes.
Wash was 2$ and drying is 25 cents per 10 minutes.
Including the taxi back and forth (10$ for each trip incl.
Tip) i paid 23$ for clean clothes (full suitcase).
There's a seven eleven on the corner for drinks.
Or a mcd for food.
I don't personally know any of them but it was my first time visiting there location.
Stepping in the door i saw very decor soda machines .
I had to help myself.
The atm is right next to the front desk where i was welcomed by gina .
Her very honest looking face and content smile was all i needed to feel attended to.
I almost forgot i had laundry to do !
After gina assisted me with the size machine, free soap and quarters i was at home.
It couldn't be beat a soda pop and laundry being washed as good vibes radiated , like easter sunday.
Fearing the gentleman that clocked in after her would not be as welcoming and completely kill the amazing moment..
He was getting ready for a long night..
I introduced myself and received  a smile he said his name was esteban .
He seen my mood change from completely relaxed to  uncertain.
Waiting upon the drying of my cloths.
Esteban is defiantly one of the most humble person i have ever met.
When you talk to him you almost feel a sense of inter peace.
He is very respectful and a hard worker.
While he was completing his nightly duties..
I can defiantly say he has a lot of pride for his job !!
Last and for most, my encounter was a 5.
If you don't set your expectations to high and enjoy the little things .
This might be just the place for you.
I'm rating it a 5 despite the buildings age it is all just material.
The machines work and dry fast.
Hope to see you at my favorite laundry mat in vegas.
Low rates on loans, they are my go to place for financing.
Just love these folks.
If you can get it....try em.
I'm not entirely sure how to review this place, but i'll do my best.
I've been here on a tour, and as part of a couple of events.
The small museum is probably only interesting to older kids, but worth a look for sure.
Just the museum would give you an idea of the scale and quality of the building.
Great slice of cleveland history.
I think the food is catered, but it's pretty business-meeting fare.
Kind of a strange place to review on yelp, but that's my not-very-insider insider's knowledge.
I had a great experience setting up new business and personal accounts with chase (the person, not the bank, haha).
He was super helpful and took the time to really explain everything to me.
I look forward to continuing to do business with az federal.
Got double charged as well as an error when i tried to check an account.
Kept getting an error when trying to check my card.
Also couldn't dispute the double charges.
Not very user friendly unless you roll over and get taken advantage off.
I am new to this credit union and i found them to be professional, kind and helpful!
The people in the branches are always very nice, but the bank itself and its policies really suck.
Also, apparently they charged me the wrong interest rate on my credit card for over 10 years.
Kevin and his team's culture pairs that of the d-backs.
Very giving and their customer service continues to make a difference in people's lives.
I can't tell you enough how awesome this company is and they even offer yelp deal!!!
I've been having problems with my desk top on.line banking for several weeks.
It finally got to the point i was looping constantly around having to change my pass word.
One day i quit after 10 trys.
Yes, blackmailed, there was no way out of that loop.
I had to agree or i could not get in.
He helped with the pass word problem and sent me home with a phone number to call tech assistance.
(yeah  good luck lady sitting on the telephone for several hours.
He had and trouble getting through to tech assistance.)
Bofa has gotten horrible with their policies and the software stinks.
I have spent endless hours trying to use their systems.
Just to get in to online banking can take 30 minutes.
Skip trying to use the bill pay feature-- you'll die of old age first.
They don't even deserve one star.
Go to another bank.
Service was very efficient.
I was literally talking with the teller for a total of 30 seconds.
Got what i needed and got out.
I do not come here often, so take my review for what it's worth.
I had a special banking quandary that brought me to this location.
The lady who waited on me was super friendly and really went out of her way to help.
I was thoroughly impressed and appreciated that she went above and beyond to help me.
Many large corporations and organizations in this city act as if they don't need business from every day people.
I am so pleased that this was not the case here.
There was no wait and the service was awesome.
Powerful washers and dryers cut laundry time in half.
That is the only part of the bank we saw/used.
This place is the absolute worst bank i've ever had.
Completely rude over the phone , unreliable and definitely a mistake to bank with them.
I'm switching all my loans and accounts to a different bank.
This is the worst bank or establishment i have ever been to.
The funny thing was there was no line inside and the employees look like they don't care at all.
I would've waited but nobody talked to me.
Please do not ever come to this place because apparently they don't give good customer service.
This used to be my spot.
No they don't have the hottest stripers.
No they don't have more than 8 or 9 girls in here.
No it's not as nice as the adult store next door.
Mondays are $5 mojito and tuesdays are $2 well drinks.
I used to always come on tuesdays, and the bar would be packed and nobody would be getting lap dances.
I love navy federal in general and this branch isn't bad at all.
The employees here are exceptionally nice.
They seem to always be fully staffed which helps to move a long line, unlike a lot of other branches.
If you are looking for a smiling faces to brighten your day, you can't go wrong here.
My personal favorite is nicko!
Thanks for being awesome guys!
Navy federal has been nothing but amazing!
Car loans at an amazing rate compared to other banks 2-3% lower on the first quote!
I have been a member here for 15 years.
A few weeks ago i had to make a deposit and cash a check.
I went to this location and i had never had a bad experience before.
I went through the drive-thru and it was about 5-10 minutes before they closed.
I placed the checks in the tube with my license.
The women seemed annoyed because one check needed an additional signature.
I did as she asked and passed it back to her.
Then she said she needed a signature for the cash and she sent everything back through the tube.
I asked if there was anything else and she said no, so i drove off and went about my business.
Later that evening i discovered the women had kept my license.
Given we were going out for new years, i probably needed that!
So the next morning we went down to the branch, we were about 20 minutes before they opened.
I noticed workers in the windows and went to the door and docked.
There were 4 employees, they all ingnored me.
He seemed to acknowledge me; but i didn't get a response.
So i went back to the car and i got a piece of paper to write the employees a note.
Overall experience was amazing.. our hookah server kelli was extremely attentive & friendly.. the doorman angus was funny & nice..
I have been with weststar for about two years now and have  had good service with them.
I have usually gone to the branch on harmon or the branch in henderson.
Today i went to this branch on sunset and i had a very good experience.
As i entered i was greeted by aaron and she was so nice.
I had a few items of business to conduct she helped me with everything.
I have always had stellar service at this branch - the staff is  great.
This branch has wonderful and knowledgeable folks.
I have had nothing but help when it has been needed.
Should be able to give below a star.
No they won't i'll take 50's if no 100's.
Says they can call another branch, no not driving somewhere else.
Then he decides he has a small amount in back and let me go check.
Amazing, he comes out with s bundle of 100's and says "found some so your good now".
Then runs through counter etc.
I leave him and go talk to branch manager for 2nd time.
Now we're 2 out of 2 visits.
This time diff story.
Branch manager apologizes "we had a run, didn't get our deposit".
Voting with my dollar and hope you all do too!
6 of us in line and one teller.
Someone comes out of back approves sees us and goes away.
Horrible management at this location.
If their atm gave large bills they would shut down!!
I'm the 3rd person in line in drive thru.
Because the bigger red bearded bofaemployee is standing in the drive through talking to someone!
No is what i get.
Piece of crap service here!
Go red beard guy!
In three years of living within walking distance of this boa location i had my first truly negative experience here.
This location is always understaffed, if two tellers are there its a full house.
She was extremely passive aggressive and borderline rude.
I had visited the branch earlier today and waited for about 20 minutes in line before i left.
I came back 2.5 hours later and facing another long line ( another 25 minutes) stayed.
Here is my point.
I am not responsible for your staffing levels.
I am not responsible for what other patrons do in line.
Everyone has to wait at the bank.
Don't project thinly veiled passive-aggressive comments towards me.
Very nice and clean bank.
His name was was trae and he was very attentive, extremely polite, and helpful.
The money museum at the cleveland fed is free.
A photo id is required for those 16+ to enter.
I was really impressed with the friendly and individualized welcome.
Even the two security guards running the metal detector were really friendly.
There are permanent exhibits and currently two special ones.
There was a small one with reading material on hamilton and the 1st us bank.
Then there was an installation provided by front triennial taking place all over the city in various buildings and spaces.
The latter runs till 9/30/18.
Regular hours are from 9:30p to 2:30p m-r which will make it a bit difficult for some to visit.
The museums size though makes it a good lunch time stop.
The lobby in and of itself is worth a quick stop inside.
The permanent exhibit provided information on the start of the current banking system and the two that preceded it.
**on 8/15/18 hours are till 9pm to give more people a chance to see the front triennial exhibit.
I had to visit this location once a week and they are always understaffed.
I ended up moving my business over to wells fargo.
I've been coming to this chase for a while now.
On their open hrs its usually empty inside but the drive thru always has a long line.
If you don't have a card or forgot it don't use the drive up drive thru.
The ladies are slow, it takes them longer to do a transaction than parking and walking inside.
Great place to take unwanted gift cards for cash.
Fair price for card given.
Very quick service in and out
Dave recently helped us refinance our home.
He was very knowledgeable and great at communicating with us.
He answered all our questions with patience- via email and phone.
He also had the best rates and fees, and never seemed pushy like the other mortgage lenders.
I would highly recommend him.
English and spanish transactions.
Eric the manager has been great all the times i've dealt with him.
The branch manager and the account manager both went above and beyond in resolving my issue for me.
I am one happy wells fargo customer!
There is plenty of parking, several drive through lanes and they have always welcomed me upon entry.
Why not 5 stars?
They didn't wow me.
Have been a customer for years and will remain as one.
Great service, always willing to help.
Slowest bank of america on the planet.
No sense of urgency whatsoever.
Had 1 person working at the window while the line was completely full.
Seems to be like this every time i come in here.
Been a customer for nearly 20 years.
Was very happy to have a branch closer to home without having to go into walmart.
Have had multiple unpleasant experiences at this office.
Snippy tellers, tellers have out right lied because they were too lazy to help customers.
Needed customer service on a recent visit.
To make a deposit for someone else, they require a drivers license even after saying mine was on file.
Each time you do any transaction, even for someone else, they copy your license.
I waited an hour at us bank to try and open an account and didn't get acknowledged by anyone.
But once i walked in here i got smiles from someone working with people and kevin helped me right away.
They were super nice and friendly here!
Thanks kevin and ashley for the help!
I also love the color they have to wear.
This is one of the busiest bank location i have ever seen.
They always have a line up even after have multiple tellers working.
The service level is average.
We went there when out account was hacked and the person we dealt with was not much help.
He gave us the wrong business card and it was so hard to track him.
Kenny and mariah   my first time here with obc and i had to buy my husband a lap dance.
She was amazing and the gm was so helpful when one of our cyclist had a mechanical problem.
I've never felt so welcomed at a club
They're in the business of collections, and bounty hunting.
Go to sun loan on flamingo and decatur!!
Payments only once every month with no harassing phone calls and the friendliest staff of professionals in las vegas.
I know loans and this place has everything you want and need.
I love this location.
The drive thru is always quick and the staff are extremely friendly.
The location is very convenient with easy access to freeway right down the street.
Worked with dan strum on some business banking issues i had.
Very knowledgable, followed up in a timely manner, would definately go back to see him!
This place is wack.
Came last week on sunday (no pun intended) and was very disappointed.
In retrospect, i feel hella scammed.
Not such a bad deal you might think, yes?
Turns out that admission price for non-locals is actually $15 (i checked their website).
Thinking we were stranded since we cabbed it over, they saw "suckers," and apparently they were right.
I took it as a loss...we were in vegas afterall.
It wasn't crowded at all at around 1-2am.
Actually pretty sad with about 30 or less people.
The dancers i'd rate 5-7.
Nice and natural and very skilled, excellent pole dancers, but nothing special from my pov.
You see one dance, and the rest look the same.
Maybe one dancer was a 7.
I felt sad for them because they'd make maybe $5-$10 per 2 dance performance (if they were lucky).
Only that 7-rated dancer earned more than that i think.
Pluses: nude dancers (okay, i'm a perv), average to nice looking, young and natural bodied (me no like fake funbags).
Didn't bother getting a "free" drink since i'd have to pay with a tip also.
They put a hold on a business account without telling me because the check was too large.
Everything is effed up now because of them.
They'll never tell you the reason, however, or that they're doing it.
They will take your money or hold it from you.
Do not bank at wells fargo if you can help it!!!
We set up checking and saving accounts nine months ago.
You are not dealing with robot-like staff at truwest.
They actually appreciate you.
They have great fees and and cd rates.
Bad... not worth giving a review, but here's the heads up and your warning
She helped me refinance my car and great customer service.
I would recommend that you go see her.
I got in and out fast.
The staff was friendly and helpful!
But my praise begins and ends there.
The biggest problem with the secu is their terrible hours.
Why, oh why, is the bank only open when we are at work???
Not even open on saturday mornings???!!!
I've also found their customer service to be lacking (at least, on the phone), and they have no atms uptown.
Unfortunately, no bank i've found down here matches up with the service and convenience of my former bank, citibank.
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
I thought that would be good enough but it wasn't.
They sent me back a form they wanted signed, they also wanted a copy of my id.
Why is this so difficult?
It has taken me since the second week in december to get my address changed through this worthless establishment.
Save yourself the trouble and go with good old chase.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
So you will waste your time in line.
But they are saying that it is a new policy.
No postings on policy change as one would imagine.
I would give a 0 if i could.
Have been coming here for many years!
And usually come on a tuesday night for there $2 tuesday drink special!
All the waitresses and bar tenders are great!
The dancers are beautiful and a lot of fun!
Over all this is a great place!
I really liked this branch.
This is the nicest banking center i have encountered by far.
The only thing i don't like is the busy location.
Traffic-wise...geez how i hate driving on maryland pkwy.
Nonetheless, this banking center is big, many pbs on duty, excellent customer service (for me at least).
Another new-to-me car, another hassle free loan from azfcu.
I actually tried desert schools fcu first who quoted me an outrageous 12% rate!
The only real drawback is that i can't pay the loan online.
Well, at least not from another bank account, my regular checking account is with chase.
On their website, all you can do is check your loan balance and make a payment from another azfcu account.
So this remains the last establishment for which i actually write a paper check.
I have maintained an account with wachovia (now wells fargo) for many years.
To their credit, the bank called me.
I didn't answer but returned their call when i got the message the next day.
I did have to fill out a little paperwork but my funds were returned right away.
***   the second incidence of unknowns accessing my checking account was early 2011.
I once again received a call from the bank.
The total was almost $300.
The customer service rep who assisted me was an angel.
Curious, i asked her how someone had gotten into my account.
She said it looked like someone had most likely accessed my debit card and not my actual bank account.
Any whooo, i got my new debit card and life continued as usual.
After this incident,  i set up banking alerts.
Now i get notifications when all sorts of activities occur with my accounts.
If i could give negative one stars i would.
Every time i come in some one is very kind to greet you but anyone at a desk is rude!
I hadn't heard anything from them in 3 days so i came in and was told i was denied.
Being i had banked with them for over a year they should have been willing to work will me!
I am now working with bank of america :)!
Omg, this place is amazing!!!
The lady and gentlemen that helped me, was really helpful.
Bonus: they have fragrance/dye free products (i have sensitive skin)!
They washed my clothes exactly how i wanted!
Staff is friendly, knowledgeable and recognizes you on sight after a visit.
Sheesh, if they gave me a tootsie roll, i'd think i was back home at long island savings bank!
Almost expect george bailey to come out and save summerlin from pottersville while clarence gets his wings.
Old school service in a new school world.
That kind of feeling is rare and, dare i say: "wonderful..."    yelp 100 challenge
Had to replace my debit card due to fraud / data breach.
Much easier experience than at my previous bank.
So nice to drop into the branch and have a new card printed on site.
Sometimes there's a wait at this location but today i was in and out in 10 minutes.
Here i am again waiting in line.
This banking establishment is the worst.
Bank of america sucks big time.
You must have to pass a stupidity test to get promoted to manager.
The staff were all friendly and kind to me & gave me no hassle retrieving funds from my account!!
Ez in and out.
Adriana is always there to help if there is a problem or answer any questions you might have.
Worked with them for half an hour called them on the phone also.
Then told me there's a $7.00 fee to cash it after she runs the check.
Now i use midfirst bank they are wayyyyyyyy  better.
My washer at home was down and i needed to do my family's laundry.
Came here and redeemed the 9 minutes free drying by checking in.
I also forgot soap and was pleasantly surprised they were offering free soap.
Don't know the brand but it did the job.
I wouldn't recommend coming here late night though.
I think it would get pretty sketchy here at night.
The workers here are very nice and helpful though.
I've been banking here since 1991 in the early spring like march.
I like the service and most of the employees know me.
I have a saving account and a checking account and a debit card.
Most of the time i do drive up if i go to the branch.
But most of my banking i do via the internet.
Best show in vegas!
Don't value time and service sucks.
Had an appointment online with the bank and still they made me wait for an hour over.
Even the service the provided was completely unprofessional.
The document they provided had the name wrongly spelt!
The employees are really sweet and helpfull!
Warning   * do not use pay pal or credit unions !
* i learned this the hard way!
Parking lot is a little funky, but nothing a little defensive driving can't handle.
Branch manager (20 year employee) is a bully and harasses neighbor businesses.
She thinks she owns the public parking lot and controls where one parks their car.
If you park in "her" space, she will block you in.
First come, first served.
Later that day, i entered the branch to ask for her bosses name and contact info.
Video and bank employees witnessed this.
Formal complaints and pictures have been provided to management.
Nothing done about her repulsive behavior.
#bully, #harassment #wrongonalllevels, #growup
All the big banks today should take lessons from nb/az.
I called and spoke to some rapid cash associate who i explained my easy situation.
She said she she would look into my account and call me back.
I then get a call from a so called manager names angel!
She was no angel, rude, asking me what i need after i just talked to the other person working there!
So i said i will go to store and take care of this.
I walk into store and it was just them two working.
I walk up to angel who i never seen work here, she must be new!
I been loyal and never had a issue here, but this angel girl was so rude and unbelievably not helpful!
I don't need this service ever!
Rapid cash u need to reconsider this employee helping customers with her nasty rude horrible service.
Thanks to her i'm giving you a 1 star!
Wouldn't give any stars but yelp won't allow that!
She kept telling me "your not understanding" "you don't comprehend"!
First off if i don't understand what you are saying it is your job to make it clear to me!
I've been going to them for years and have never had a problem until today!
She needs to work on that attitude!!
Once i'm done making my payments i will no longer come back!
I can go take out loans elsewhere!
Le bn plan pour ceux qui ne veulent pas de ruiner avec le service de l'htel.
Quelques minutes de marche et n y est .
Personnel super t free lessive pour sa machine
Used to have large balances at this bank.
But every simple transaction cash, a check, deposit, cd, is like fingernails scratching on a chalk board.
Always more difficult than it should be.
Like another reviewer stated,  they blame the legal dept.
Before too long i wil be down to zero business with them.
They are a dinosaur in today's banking world.
Go to a modern bank not one that finds ways to create challenges.
Now you speak to people through boxes.
Fortunately i don't bank there that often.
Shocked and saddened by the people who had to have lost their jobs at the branch locations .
Clean and very friendly staff.
Super fast free wifi.
Drove an extra 2 miles just based on reviews and worth the drive.
Would definitely come back here when i'm in vegas again!
Tv was a bonus for the kids too!
Used to love chase, but so many problems with them and service is horrible!
Looking for new bank!
I am giving this location two stars because they were open and completed my transaction.
This place has a post apocalyptic vibe.
Like maybe the employees are part zombie.
Welcome to the jungle.
I have been banking with this credit union for years so the recent technological failures are beyond disappointing.
With the onset of chip cards and a new online banking, the poor attention to detail is astounding!
Currently i am locked out of everything despite accurate passwords and even a visit to the branch today.
On top of that they have the nerves to be understaffed!
I've been a loyal chase customer for over 10 years.
Want to meet the most rude, unhelpful branch manager ever?
Go ahead and visit the val vista and baseline location and meet with deborah.
I am done banking with chase bank.
I have decided to give them my business because it was earned!
The savings account was opened because we wish to not touch this $.
They offered refinancing on my vehicle!
I'll find out tomorrow but overall, weststar's managemt team (at this location and harmon) go above and beyond.
Maleah at harmon location has been great and so has kelly c !
Thanks for helping my family with my financial needs!
I used pinnacle in an attempt to get a mortgage.
While dave taylor seems to be a competent enough guy, he only has one mortgage solution, sunwest mortgage.
To be a successful mortgage broker, mr. taylor needs to add choices to his menu.
Fortunately, i had the resources to provide my own solution.
The machines seem to be well maintained.
My clothes came out nice and clean.
One thing that i really can appreciate is that only 4 quarters for the dryer really did the trick.
I'm used to putting 3-4 quarters at other laundromats but it usually only gives me 12-15 mins.
The dryers here go for longer.
So i probably didn't even need 4 quarters to dry my clothes.
Also, the staff here is very friendly.
They were very helpful to customers that were not from here and from another country.
I come in here every so often to make deposits for family member.
The folks there have been very friendly and i have not had any problems.
So, all is good so far...
Talk about customer service - not!!!!
Fifteen people in line and two idiots looking busy with two tellers.
They withhold credit holds for days on end.
They require their customers to jump through hoops just to gain access to their funds.
They force businesses to write letters on corporate letter heads, forcing businesses to jump through hoops too.
Ricky montanez was my loan officer recently.
He is a shining star in a sea of confusion.
He spent so much time explaining my options and helping me with my loan.
I feel like without him i wouldn't be in my dream house now.
I see a previous reviewer want happy with him, but my experience couldn't have been more pleasant.
Lol, after two checkins i'm already the dutchess.
Not for long i'm sure.
I've used their drive atm machine and yesterday i deposited a check at their drive thru teller.
Can you tell i like drive thrus?
Perfectly nice lady helped me.
Plenty of open washers and dryers mid day as well as seating to relax while you are waiting
I was a fan of tcf bank back in illinois.
In arizona, however, their branches are quite scattered and it's a pain to find any.
This one in particular is a nightmare to get to due to its placement in tempe marketplace.
And because there are no branches to be found, there are no free atms to use either.
As for the fees, they recently started hitting me for $9.95 a month with no explanation why.
Yeah, i can see how important i was as a customer.
I told him i bank with ing direct, who charges no fees for anything, and he just replied "oh."
Apparently tcf is a regional bank, despite having locations nationwide.
They also have free atms and a lot of branches available nationwide.
After picking out my new-to-me car, i came here for financing.
They offer a 5 year loan at a minimum of 6.9% interest.
They had no problem financing the 8 year old car with 98k miles i was about to purchase.
And with the only requirement being a $25 deposit in a savings account.
Update: i have had several phishing scam emails sent to me that look like azfcu emails.
All have asked me to take a survey for $x reward.
I don't really want to dock azfcu for this, so this is more of a word of warning.
Never give out your account info!
Jose is an awesome guy that is eager to help.
He helps us with our business account and does a great job.
Very knowledgable staff and great customer service.
The location is close by so abd very convenient.
I have been a member of nevada federal credit union for 21 years and only ever had one problem.
I read each notice that came with caution and attention to the details.
When i had questions, i called to have them answered.
I decided to vote against the change due to the changes in the member's rights and notices.
It was clear that this would no longer be a "member's credit union."
Now its members are starting to feel the results of change.
True enough and as i expected, the customer service has declined and the fees are on a steady increase.
I am saddened to say that this is no longer the credit union of choice.
This is what this credit union used to be but i cannot recommend it anymore!
Boisson  2$ tout les mardis!
Donc beaucoup moins cher que tout ce que vous pourrez trouver  vegas!
Sinon l'entre sera facture 30 dollars.
22 dollar cover for out of towners!
Then open bar from 7pm til midnight on mondays.
How can you beat that deal in vegas!!!
Wells fargo bank does a fantastic job at providing genuine customer service.
The bank teller is a true asset to your team.
She is a member of the latino community.
She is a wonderful listener and suggested a fantastic product.
The employees show passion in their job and make a difference in the community.
Thank you for a pleasant visit.
I've gone to several branches and there is no customer service whatsoever.
They do not care about your money at all.
My final straw was i deposited a check for $12k on mid november.
The very next day that amount was deducted out of my savings.
When i called to ask what was going on, they stated they needed more verification on who i am.
They said it will take 2-3 days for me to receive that check by mail.
3 weeks later... that check still has not arrived by mail.
Now i'm just waiting for my work direct deposit and my one nevada will be closed.
Do not, do not, do not go with this so called bank
I was standing in line for this branch to open at 8:55 a.m. as they opened at 9am today.
They opened the doors about 9:03 am, and i walked right in to the teller named elvain.
She struggled so much that they sent me to a different teller at 9:26am.
She should have proper training before being left to handle customers on her own.
She wasn't wearing a badge that said "trainee", which was more concerning with her actions.
I was finally finished at 9:28 am, as the next teller took less than 2 minutes.
All for a simple cashiers check.
I worked as a teller in the past and these transactions took me less than 5 minutes.
I haven't walked into a bank in over a year, and this is why.
Next time, i will just write a personal check or deal with a robot.
Who is this bank made for?
You cant pay bills online and over the phone it cost $10????
I haven't had to deposit money into a atm since i was 19 years old what is this 1990?
Come into the present times.
I guess they cater to criminals and people with bad credit who cant get regular loans?
Nothing says security  like bullet proof glass.
It must be six inches thick and covers the entire teller area.
The b of a near park central - no bullet proof glass.
It's like a human aquarium.
Every time i'm here.
While waiting in line.
I envision an armed robber with a nylon over his face busting in a screaming "on the ground.
Everybody on the ground.
Don't look at me!"
I swear i need a xanax just to get in the door.
That said, the staff is friendly, but not as efficient as my fave b of a down the street.
Big bonus is there's plenty of parking.
And once my car died here and they let me keep it overnight.
And the next day, when my mechanic and i arrived, no bullet holes in my car!
I loathe this bank.
Whenever i have an overdraft they charge double - the nsf and then an overdraft charge - daily.
If you deposit an international check, they send it directly to collections and it is on hold for 4-6 weeks.
You don't even see the money in your account.
Anyways, there is much more they have done to me...but you get the point.
Avoid compass bank unless you like bank reps that all just shrug and say they can't do anything for you.
Tried to deposit a check and they said it's a dba.
Then, they asked what my business was.
Then, they said i need to setup another business account and they couldn't deposit the check into my personal account.
I then (calmly) explained that i have been depositing those checks into my personal account for over a year, still...
Still wouldn't deposit it, and then said they had to call... finally, they deposited it...
Closing the account tomorrow.
I wouldn't rob this shithole.
Heard this place was under new management so i decided to check it out.
Whoever they hired must know what they are doing.
The staff is friendlier, hotter and the dancers are on point.
It was always comfortable for couples, because the girls aren't super pushy, but even that has improved.
It's a party atmosphere.
Did i mention i went on ladies night and drank for free?
I already love a good 80's themed party, so their l80's night is a great idea.
Don't worry dudes, locals drink prices are good too!
My friends weren't complaining about a $4 drink this close to the strip.
Just tons of fun.
I will definitely be coming here more now!
I utilize them for their management and throughput of my trades.
Occasionally i consider some of their advice on trades but ultimately do my own homework.
$2m spread among the below funds have performed well for me.
(hfcvx) (hfmdx) (is) icfix (hjpnx)  (wiw) (a) (frsax) (whosx)
We joined heartland credit union two years ago after dealing with banks for too many years.
The associates at heartland are always friendly and very helpful.
Their online banking is super easy to use.
They do great things for the local community too.
I highly recommend banking here.
We moved recently and we were really sad to leave heartland cu.
Uw credit union hounded us,  m and i fined us, anchor sank us and summit thrilled us.
This should be your bank, ie credit union.
This is the most ridiculous banking experience i have ever encountered.
So i got ahold of my insurance letting them know they needed to add the bank.
I am beyond irritated as a first time customer here and let alone at a credit union.
They will be hearing from me.
It would be nice if they could get and use their email and not waste the time of numerous people.
Wf (commercial) sends letters asking for insurance information and financial statement information.
Thus - the black hole.
Next come the phone calls and vm messages stating they have not received the information.
Each time we have to respond.
I met with "wissam" who is really a genuine customer service person and know how to handle clients.
I explained to him my issue and in no time he solved my problem.
Really efficient and effective customer service.
This credit union used to be great when it was arizona state credit union.
However a name change and moving of locations they have lost their customer service.
We closed the account to avoid additional fees but so disappointed in the way that jerry handled this.
There are hundreds of banks in town and dozens of credit unions.
There is a slim young indian women with long straight hair, i found her to be rude!
Even when a coworker was asking questions she wasnt helpful at all!
The other team is very friendly!
What a shame that this establishment will have someonw like that!
I opened several accounts at this branch, personal checking & savings as well as a business account.
Throughout he entire process, sally m. was helpful, always available and professional.
I've been to other banks, all the majors, but here i felt like more than just another random customer.
So even now, no longer a customer, i would still recommend them.
Brand new dexter machines.
Nicest folks at this bank!!
Always call me by first name, prompt service  and, most importantly, they correctly handle our transactions.
Special shout out to juan - what a nice guy!
Found this place on yelp and was attracted by the free 9 minutes of drying.
The place is clean, easy to locate and staff is friendly and prompt.
This place is a little too ghetto for me but the owner was super nice!
And you can use more than one machine at once so we got in and out of there pretty fast!
Thankfully because the cops were coming out to stop the girls from "working" yikes!
Not my neck of the woods, so it was a challenge just to find it.
So just let me tell you that it is actually located inside a grocery store (albertson's).
It has many teller windows, and have 5-6 banking staff.
So the line moves fairly quickly.
They didn't complain, just did their job.
So what can i say besides praises.
Do not use this bank they are totally incompetent.
They are incapable of making a simple wire transfer.
They are supposed to be expanding into canada.
Use another bank there are lots of other choices out there.
They are not worth the frustration of dealing with them.
I cannot even begin to describe the frustration i have towards this bank.
10 months ago i began the process of pointing out to the branch manager that the atm's were malfunctioning.
She told me that's not possible, they are new.
I emailed her several pics reflecting the down machines.
I am moving my money and business to wells fargo.
The branch has said they have escalated the problem and there's nothing more they can do.
They asked me to call the corporate number and help.
Wtf, i have enough to do without doing your job.
The "lost art" of customer service has been found at the wells fargo at 432 s. gammon rd!
They make you feel like they genuinely  care about and are adept and competent with your financial needs.
Thank you for leading the way in how it should be done.
They don't even deserve 1 star.
Anytime i come here is line and only 1 teller is working.
When asked is there anybody else can help and they always says "lunch break".
Last time i came was around 4pm and they said lunch break.
Another time i came at 11pm they lunch break.
Shame to the managment can't help enough to the customer.
Some people left already, because they couldn't wait 20-30 minutes
After being with you for over a decade, you refuse to accept a check from a well known investment company.
Did i hear that right?
You don't want my money?
I was going to pay off my loan and my credit card from your bank.
I have used this location a couple of times,  i am not a member, however my dad was!
I am still dealing with probate regarding his death almost a year ago.
I have been making payments on his house since that time.
That took for ever!
Don't know if the young man knew what he was doing?
But he had to call someone else during the whole time i was there.
Other then that day, desert schools have been decent!
I still continue to make the mortgage payments until his house sales.
They have branches through out the valley, and that really helps.
Their workers are always courteous.
Since i have an account at a credit union in cali.
I have thought about transferring that account over to desert schools?
Overall, this location is a little slow.
Most of their customers are from sun city, and that can take time.
But it's not really that bad.
I was greeted by only about 3 men standing & greeting anyone who walked in.
One of the 3 men stepped forward & asked for my bank card so he could "verify" my account.
..i said "will you be assisting me, & he said no, he is the floor manager!
...i said "this is new"!
He proceeded to look into my account before getting another young gal to help me.
I have had no problems with any of the bank tellers they have been very professional!
I went into the bank with fraud activity on my debit card.
I waited for 34 minutes as their idiot employee tried to find out how to make a claim.
Then the manager said they would call me.
No call, and no help and those fraudulent charges are still on my account.
These people are worthless, but good luck finding any help with bank of america!
Always overly busy and one maybe two tellers and a bunch of employees walking around not doing anything.
Long lines 4 tellers and no sense of urgency.
This is the only branch that don't have anyone assisting near entrance.
There goes $15 for a lyft and $10 in fee's for using another banks atm
I bank with confidence here and you can too!
I provided him with all the paperwork he asked for and then...he ghosted me.
I followed up after a week and got no response.
It took 2 days to get approval for the original mortgage.
So the following day i had personally went to this branch early to have it cash out.
And after i did a quick checking into my bag and confirmed her that she did not give me anything.
She had raise her voice to me once again and stumped away angry to looked around.
Then the finally checked her drawer and found the receipt to my money order.
After that she had realized that my money order did not put to the name that is dirrectly to me.
She told me she couldn't cash it for me.
I've came to understand that there's a lot of difficulties on a job, but addictute's everything to life.
I had an job interview that afternoon, i was hoping i could deliver my very best.
This is indeed the worst cibc branch in all of toronto.
Terrible terrible non of my clothes got dryed mentioned it to owner and he totally disregarded me.
Don't waste your time or money!!!!
They are crooks bunch of idiots here they are unprofessional and don't know how to handle money properly
He said the door was locked, even though it was open after someone had just left.
I was there to deposit a check for my company and found another branch the next day.
Everything else they do seems designed to waste a customer's time too.
Our company isn't run that way, and is done wasting our time.
- and we are all much happier with the new bank.
I am currently in tucson and bank there but will be moving to the valley this month.
Please understand that this review is not directed towards them in any way.
I kept my chase account open just in case.
Boy, am i glad i did.
No, not out of country, as i do understand that would be a security factor, but out of state.
While other banks allow you to shut off this "security feature", with oneaz it is a requirement.
This is highly invasive, as well as terribly inconvenient.
What do i discover?
Not only was the one transaction frozen, but so were incoming and outgoing transactions from that week.
The woman was very nice and worked promptly to get things fixed for me.
It was not her fault at all, just want to add that.
This is not just inconvenient, this is utterly disgraceful.
Another awesome "feature" i've had the pleasure of trying out, is their smartphone check deposit feature.
I took clear photos of my checks and it never works.
I have used the same exact app feature for chase and never had any problems with it, not even once.
You seriously need to get your act together, and it's no wonder people prefer to do business with big banks.
Not sure how this branch is organized.
I needed a customer service rep but the one i needed was working as a teller.
I had to wait about 10 minutes until the teller went back to the customer service office.
In the meantime, three other  offices had employees sitting at a desk, but were not interacting with customers.
Perhaps employees who do not deal with customers should be given an office in the back out of sight.
I switched to arizona central from a big national bank 9 years ago, and i love it so much more.
The customer service is more personal, and they don't hit you with tons of unnecessary fees.
This branch is my preferred branch; everyone is really nice and friendly!
I have been to this chase several times and there's never a wait.
The clerks are always professional and courteous.
Overall, pretty good though.
Drove here due to the yelp check in offer.
I laughed when i redeemed it!
Everything you want in a laundromat.
As a bonus it is right next to fun hog ranch so had a drink while waiting for laundry.
The service here is excellent.
If you're looking for a bank with excellent customer service this is the place to go to!
Meant to review sooner!!
We recently worked with summit this past winter and bought a house this february with summit's help!
My husband and i are so glad we worked with keith and the team at summit!
Pros: -clean, accommodating facility (coffee!)
Wow went in to ask if they have temporary checks, nope.
Asked to order checks, have to order with customer service.
Asked to change my address, have to go online to change the address.
This is the only bank of america that doesn't do there job.
Go here if you want a headache and for people to tell u they don't do shit.
They have all that space and yet can't do anything.
Staff is a joke.
They should have a sign on the door that says, use the atm.
Thus club got the job done and didn't break our bank.
We were 8 guys in a bachelor party.
It started slow since we got their at 10pm.
I went nuts on the manager because we literally had no girls!
He comped us a bottle of jamesons that we didn't really need.
Every girl who showed up to work checked in with us for the rest of the night.
Everyobdy in our partyvhad at least 1 chick or 2 all night.
We got the bachelor on stage for a crazy parade of hotties rubbing him up.
Chicks were solid 8 or 9, no 10s there.
I fell in love with 2 tall girls, one black one white.
They tag teamed me, my lap was never empty.
Door to door both ways, so very easy in that regard.
If you're planning a bachelor party, this place hooks you up.
Great place to wash clothes near the strip.
I went in today and i left very happy.
I appreciate all the help and time she took.
I also didn't have to wait long to be seen.
I recommend people to come here!
It was on a tuesday!!!
8 days :)   2400$$.
No wonder they only have one star, what kind of a bank is that?
Job done  friendly staff helping us newbies out.
Lots of machines available (came here monday at noon).
This group is as good as it gets.
I am so happy i made the switch to this branch.
As a business owner, i really appreciate that this team cares about me and my business.
I am very happy with the financial advice and recommendations.
As a result of my experience, i have referred others here.
Close to the strip for all those who don't want to spend additional money on atm fees!
The letter states that there is no recourse, and that no reason for this closure will be given.
The folks at the local branch i've dealt with were unable to shed any light on the reasons for this.
I've never, ever seen anything like this... unable to even ask why they want to shut down my account.
Wells fargo bank is unsafe.
I have zero trust in their ability to safeguard my identity or my money.
The indian trail nc branch seems particularly suspect.
I've become expert in dealing with all the various branches of wfb fraud prevention.
I can tell you that it is a fragmented and chaotic process.
Individual wfb people are often very helpful.
But the bank seems terminally incompetent at dealing with id theft and fraud.
Their id theft and fraud system is all process and no customer service.
After 25 years, wfb has lost this customer.
Anybody know a better, safer financial institution?
I have been with macu for twelve years.
My experience with my banking and home mortgage was positive and they have always treated me well.
That was when i was dealing with the utah branches.
I can't say the same about this branch.
We showed up and waited nearly two hours--and just past closing time!-- for someone to help us.
Apparently there was only one person who could help us and the tellers told us we would have to wait.
So wait we did.
Yep, still more waiting.
No one ever came back to us during all the waiting to provide any sort of update or timeline.
We just waited awkwardly as more and more time passed.
Eventually we waited everyone out and were able to finally get our check after the branch was closed.
Frustrating experience and in no hurry to return.
Took my girlfriend here, had a great time.
Safe parking in front.
We had a few rounds of drinks, kicked back listened to music.
Clean, safe, staff were friendly, dancers were pretty.
Didn't do any lap dances.
Total bill was $70 with $10 tip= $80.
Happy we came here and will come back.
This place is absolutely wonderful, for all aspects and variety in sex relationship with your spouse.
They are very helpful with choosing the right products and toys to spice things up in the bedroom.
Thank you so much for all your help and answer to all our questions we had.
We will be back very soon.
Great staff and very welcoming as soon as you walk in the door too.
This bank is down the street from my house and is my go to bank.
I've done two in person transactions in the last week and have been served by priscilla both times.
She's very friendly, professional and has gotten me in and out in minutes.
As of this moment, my debit card has been frozen four times in the past few months.
Edit: checked my receipt.
This is the closest bank to my husbands work.
He would never ever come here if it wasn't for that.
Anytime he goes he has to wait a hour!
There's always a problem with the computers and only 1 or 2 people working in the branch.
We have never experienced this kind of service in any other chase in the valley like this!
The bankers in there are also don't know what the heck their doing.
Marcus, supervisors for the 1800 number that you call is a joke.
The supervisors like to play with your emotions and have ego tripp's.
Customer service reps say one thing and you go to the bank only to get another answer.
Bad customer service !
How many billions did rbc earn last year?
This medium to large size branch stands alone in the southeast corner of the mckenzie home depot parking lot.
It is not close enough for a quick walk to any place that has, say, a restroom!!!
They make free coffee and hot and cold water freely available to you.
I don't like the policy, and i don't like being lied to.
And a ps for you.
Kudos to the dentist, a huge booooo!!!!
The central phoenix location is great and the setup for investors and banking is really easy.
The low fees steered me here but the ease of self investing will keep me here.
I had applied for rbc cash reward card and it was approved right away.
However, the credit card was required to be sent to a local branch.
I got a call, but the guy left a mumbled msg.
I was told that the card would arrive by next wed (a week).
Then on the following friday, i called the branch.
I was kept on hold for over ten minutes and then i was transferred back and forth (another ten minutes).
So now i have to wait for another week.
My credit card was approved on aug 29, 2017, and as of nov 10, i have not received the card.
It will another five days before i get the second credit card.
Bouncer said they have nothing to do with any of it.
Every time i come in there's only 1 person behind the counter and a lobby full of people!
Nobody ever greets when u walk in and the personal bankers act like they get paid too much to assist!!
It's the closest location but the worst!
So prior to my membership with onenevada i was with one of those major banks.
I've been with onenevada for a little bigtover a year now.
As much as i rather be with a major bank like before, onenevada isn't too bad.
I also heard and read from other reviews the rates on loans and such tend to be lower here.
I wonder if i can get a good deal when i purchase my first car next year?
This is the worst cibc branch in all of toronto.
It is almost never open.
There's a huge wrought iron gate that surrounds the bank when it's closed, preventing access to the atm.
There should really be an external atm.
Yes, no more visit in this place and would love to forget it all from my memory.
By the way, thx to the attendants' reply after weeks with still a such "welcome" wording.
Hope she enjoy to be forgotten.
Avoid, avoid, avoid if you want anything done in a timely manner.
They are criminally understaffed at this branch and everything takes an eternity.
I went to the drive thru window this afternoon to make a credit card payment.
I was the only car in the drive thru lane...either of them actually.
It didn't look too busy inside either.
I saw 3 different bankers walking around doing little to nothing.
Unfortunately this is not the first experience of this kind at this branch, but it will be my last.
Never use brian bates for your financial advisor.
He is not honest and misleads the elderly.
He saw $$ and took advantage of my mother investments that she worked her entire life.
He has caused her so much stress this year.
Should be able to give below a star.
No they won't i'll take 50's if no 100's.
Says they can call another branch, no not driving somewhere else.
Then he decides he has a small amount in back and let me go check.
Amazing, he comes out with s bundle of 100's and says "found some so your good now".
Then runs through counter etc.
I leave him and go talk to branch manager for 2nd time.
Now we're 2 out of 2 visits.
This time diff story.
Branch manager apologizes "we had a run, didn't get our deposit".
Voting with my dollar and hope you all do too!
Shana was an incredible and unbelievable help.
I'm from out of town and her service was just outstanding!
Waste more time waiting in line because they can't staff accordingly.
I'm glad i'm moving away from this location.
These people don't care there is a line.
Don't waste your time coming to this location, you will wait for ever!!
While still there, we asked him to correct it.
He then assured us he did make the correction and we signed the paperwork.
Few days later, our cards arrived and they were the wrong credit cards.
My husband and i called the branch main number 14 times and no one even picked up!
Just a side note, even the corporate center couldn't get a hold of this branch!
The lady working there is really nice and answered all of my questions without hesitation.
Free wifi is always a plus for me.
I drove all the way from summerlin just to work with marco.... he is always very informative and very helpful!
I've been to other rapid cash spots but his service is what stands out!
Very nice and professional.
Always willing to help and assist with my questions.
The reviews didn't mention that and now i'm driving around hunting for somewhere to get my shirts cleaned and pressed.
I can't speak for the service since i didn't get any.
And i can't fault the clerk for her attitude...who knows the types of personalities she has to deal with daily.
My rating is a 3 instead of a 2 for those reasons alone.
Glad i didn't walk or take a cab over here like some of the other reviewers.
It would have been an even bigger disappointment.
Also, definitely a shady area...
Good bank if you make all deposits with a check.
Also, their customer service is very rude.
When the banks has errors, they will not even apologize for the inconvenience.
I no longer trust this bank with my money..  .
And this is very sad, as i had high hopes for this group.
This is on the north end of the strip, about a half mile east of venetian and wynn.
Everything was operational and clean.
In a strip mall with a pizza joint and a mini-grocery (snacks and drinks while the laundry was going).
The staff (thanks carlos from la) was very friendly and helpful.
Patrons were friendly, too.
If the need arises again, i would definitely go there again.
4/13/15 final update: supervisor indicated they would not refund the $680 in late fees.
There you have it..caveat emptor.
3/27/15 update: got word that check was couriered over to title.
So glad this is over.
He still had to eat the late fees in the amount of $680.
I reach out to the supervisor on monday and she was prompt and courteous.
As a realtor you expect some level of frustration associated with the loan process but this firm  wins hands down.
My client started the loan process with them back in december with jay lopez.
He got us the pre-qual and everything looked good so we started house hunting.
Found one, submitted an offer and it was accepted.
Sent jay the necessary docs and everything looked good.
Appraisal was scheduled for a certain date but was moved back a couple of days.
Meanwhile they start asking my client for more verification documents that the underwriting department needs.
So now that gets pushed back 2 more day.
But hey they say no problem we can get it done...its at the loan processors side.
Then things just get really stupid.
I asked how long they say a few days...friday the 13th should be good.
Friday comes around and nothing...they still have not clarified with underwriting the indicated points.
A second extension is requested for the16th and that came and went with no results just the same run around.
Our last conversation with them yesterday was that everything should be at title by the 23rd.
I probably called jay and rick 7 times today and they have either ignored my calls or stalled.
When i did get through they just said it should be on the way.
So yeah i would stay away from this bank for home loans.
I would tell my clients that it would be better to go somewhere else.
I would tell management to change procedures.
And i would also tell them to change their underwriters.
This location used to be really really good at what they do.
Simply give me a couple hundred dollars in fives and a couple hundred dollars in ones once a weekend.
I thought so too until the branch manager basically yelled at me because he said he didn't have enough money.
I will no longer take my deposits here simply because the manager.
What a crock of shit!
Nice branch with a modern design which fits the area in midtown phoenix it is located in.
The staff is very friendly and helpful, however, there are not enough bankers working.
I need to have my card replaced and have been waiting over 10 minutes  before i have been helped.
Deposit my check so my funds will be available in the morning and not immediately.
After calling and talking to three different people at customer service.
Nothing was done to satisfy my needs!
Thank wells fargo i will be closing my account tomorrow.
But 1) it's pretty clean 2) has everything you could want (i.e.
Working machines, change, soap, drinks, restroom, chairs, folding tables and wifi).
3) yes, it has free wifi - ask for the password.
5) they are on site and nice.
6) you can have them wash if you dont want to.
Just drop off your laundry.
6) they dry clean.
What else could you ask for?
Closest laundry mat to the strip.
It's about a $6.50 uber ride.
Was going to walk but glad i didn't.
Uber driver said they call the area "gunshot alley".
Gets the job done for washing your clothes.
Anywhere from $1.75-4.75 for bigger machines.
.25 cents per 9 min of dry time.
And if you check in on yelp they give you a free quarter.
Dry cleaning also available.
Beats the prices at the hotel (8$ per shirt and $3 for a pair of socks).
Atm and vending available.
Also no air conditioning in here
I love the community feel of our local credit union.
It is always clean, you get greeted when you enter the door and their customer service has always been wonderful.
I love the keurig machine and can't stop drinking the chai tea.
I usually take one to go!
They send invitations to lots of free community events that they hold throughout the year.
These events are great for people to better understand their finances and investments.
They have a cash boomerang program that they include members in.
The cash boomerang grants money back to the members annually (who doesn't love extra money in your account!).
I just need more banking to do now so i can get back in there for a chai!
Do not come here beware, their trick is to lower your monthly payment as much as possible.
But once something happens they don't have you back they overly charge you.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
Great service, the lady at work is really nice & free detergent!
There are many machines & it's closed to many hotels.
If i could leave 1 star that would be it.
I moved here from the east coast, opened an account with my life savings.
They cash the check then decide to suspend my accounts...they have my money mind you.
I have been an upstanding chase customer for 6 years and this is how i was treated.
I've had nothing but problems with this bank.
Needless to say the company didn't understand about making a letter so i never got that money back.
Save your time and don't bank with silver state credit union.
I don't bank here.
So i come here often just for that.
Rating the atm's they are average.
They need to be updated to be colorized and they could be a little faster in processing.
When you cancel at transaction it takes forever to reset the screen so you can put your card back in.
But i'll live with it since it's free access to my money.
I don't know why people expect so much from a bank with tellers and bankers.
Roula is just the best person in banking, that i've ever met.
I had to open two court ordered restricted accounts back in may 2018.
These account are not a simple thing.
They must go through a full evaluation with bank of americas legal department.
Unfortunately, the legal department did not permit me to open the account at the time.
I returned in july 2018 with the paperwork they requested, which was difficult to obtain.
Roula remembered me and helped me out once more.
She was determined to help me and even stayed after closing time.
I appreciate her so much for dealing with the legal department on my behalf.
She was so patient and professional.
Thank you charlene for your help!!!
Will be going back and look for you soon!!!!
Keep up the nice service!!
Thank you so much!!
I was expecting a smooth process both based on my friend's experience and my history with loans.
I am 840 credit, annual income better than the property value, and 25% down.
It would have been cheaper and less painful to get a loan from a loan shark.
It was a silly interaction and very unprofessional on his side.
This is a company/person at the top of the avoid at all costs list!
Despite many emails back and forth, john continues to refuse to provide a copy of this document.
Had it applied to a future loan, that would have been a bonus.
I never attacked this man, and kept all interaction professional whereas he has resorted to name calling and threats...
(i will update this should any more action happen/take place).
This bank sucks my balls.
Always busy and understaffed.
I like b of a, they do have a lot of atms everywhere i seem to be!
I just wish the one at fashion square took check deposits- grrrr...its only a withdrawl type atm...i dislike those...grrrrr
Ridiculous customer service and if i hadn't been a customer of boa for over 20 years i would leave.
Meanwhile my visit to wells fargo just 5 minutes before went flawlessly and they handled my request with no issues.
No complaints.....the hotel is under renovation and they removed the laundry facility...dilemma.
The woman (whose name i didn't get, drats!)
Working was so nice.
It's a laundromat, so there are different sizes of washers and same sized dryers.
They do the job.
I did my yelp check-in and got my quarter (equivalent to 9 free dryer minutes).
Next time i'm in vegas and need to wash, this is where i will come!
Gaby is the best person ever!!!!
She is fast, clear , and friendly!
Is the best brunch in vegas!
I am now the proud [and informed] owner of a roth ira!
I graduated a little over a year ago and had a ton of questions about general financing for... life!
I was nervous he would get annoyed with so many questions, but he was very patient, understandable and friendly!
We pulled in kris and sonja to help with a few things and they were equally pleasurable.
It makes me so happy to know that they care about helping me, and understand that money can be stressful.
Wells fargo is the best.
Went in to open a checking account and was treated with the utmost disrespect.
Going to bank elsewhere.
The employees are very helpful and very nice.
Every time i go in, i get lexie she's awesome with customer service and interacts with her customers.
Figuring that vegas has laundromats (hey, what town doesn't?
It's a standard laundromat, nothing more and nothing less.
The free wifi was definitely a plus!
Just get the password from the lady at the dry cleaning counter.
Interestingly, all of the instructions on the machines are in spanish.
It's a good thing that 1. my husband knows spanish and 2.
I know what "lavar con agua caliente" means, or i'd be totally screwed.
They have television, but it's also all in spanish.
If you follow soap operas, though, you'll have a ball here catching up!
When i was here there was a yelp deal for 10 free minutes of drying.
This branch fucking sucks.
Fuck you, you lazy fucks.
If you need to laundry in las vegas the.
This place is perfect.
A huge place with plenty of washers and driers.
And plenty of counters for folding your laundry.
The place was clean and well ventilated.
The person working the counter was very helpful and even bought back all my extra quarters when i was done.
9 minutes of free drying when you check in on yelp.
The only criticism is that i had to walk a block away to the mcdonalds for coffee.
Not much selection for coffee around here.
You should be able to find a place with better boner for your buck.
The girls are so-so, not the quality you would expect for the odd price they charge per "dance."
In fact, everything here had a different price according to the numerous girls and employees here.
They may recommend this crap-shoot.
Do your research and pick a spot, you're sure to find a better place than this.
I was extremely disappointed about my first visit to tcf.
I went april 1st 2016 at 5:30 pm with the intention of opening a checking account.
The teller, a younger woman in her late 20s, a brunette with blue eyes was the employee helping me.
I wanted just a checking account and brought in enough cash for the minimum deposit.
She told me that i would need to order checks for $20.
I asked if i could skip the checks as i never use them.
She then looked at me like i was stupid and asked how i pay my rent.
First of all, it's none of her business.
She acted rude and mouthy the whole time like i was a huge inconvenience to her.
I was having trouble getting money from their atm for my opening deposit on the savings account i didn't want.
I asked if she could charge my card for the deposit amounts.
Again, she responded quickly with a no like i had asked a ridiculous question.
I grabbed my id off the counter and walked out of the branch.
So from the very start i was lied to by an employee of the bank i want to use.
I also did not need to order the checks that i didn't want.
That woman was a bad reflection on their image.
I will be avoiding her while i bank at tcf.
The gentleman was excellent, and very polite.
I can't stand bank of a america for reasons like this.
Only reason i have to come here is because my shop chose this bank for our deposits.
I'll be convincing my manager to deposit else where.
I give you my money, and you take it with a smile.
You give me money from your machine and i forget it's mine.
Thanks for helping me out!
We mutually benefit from my finances.
All banks are not created equal.
Enjoy working with you.
Giving a two since the atm fees were not that bad especially for lv.
However, this is the 1st time ever that i've been charged w/ an atm fee by a supposedly credit union.
Oh well, another learning experience.
However, the situation that happened today might have been the last straw.
I had a problem with my deposit, so the teller called her supervisor or another teller i'm not sure.
For a company that prides itself in excellent customer service, this kind of service is completely inexcusable.
Rbc is... actually was my favourite bank.
I was loyal to them since i was 14 and now 10 years later i regret making that decision.
I had the worst experience and because of it i am switching my mortgage once the term expires.
For a bank called first convenience my experience opening an account online has been anything but.
This bank was recommended by my mother and things started smoothly but right after opening the account, trouble started.
Odd as this may be i tried to do so.
Next day i tried again and it seemed to have corrected itself.
Finally getting that set up after about 30 minutes of work i saw they had an app.
This lasted until the next day.
Finally getting through all of this i noticed that my account balance was at $0.00.
I called customer service and asked why $100.00 i opened the account with was not present.
Finally 6 days later it came through to the new account.
Lastly  i just got my debit card and went to activate it.
Once again requiring that i call an automated system that is currently not working.
Amazing service and very comfortable place to go to.
Thanks to stephanie for excellent assistance given to us.
She made doing business easy.
Most specially her attitude is what any business will appreciate....awesome!
The worst costumer service.. what kind of people do you have working their that can't answer a simple question
Hello had the worst and disturbing experience with several representatives on the tollfree number this morning.
So i had a checking and savings account with navy federal credit union.
I fell short with my checking account, so it was closed but my savings was still remaining active.
Knowing that i owed, i still was making the iniative to pay on the outstanding balance.
Serving a customer in the united states with geniune hospitality and not hostility is what's being valued now.
My complaints aren't with the branch at all.
The branch representatives are always splendidly nice.
I was trying to close part of my account that i didn't use anymore.
They made it such a big deal.
Wasted my time and their time.
It's like they didn't want me to.
Terrible service, but i can't do much.
It's close to vegas.
I came to this branch to open a checking account.
Angelina helped me and was very helpful and extremely kind.
She answered every one of my questions and made my experience super easy.
Always expect to wait a long time... nice tellers but bad service.
They would rather get other work done rather than help the customer.
With 4 people behind the counter and only 2 tellers helping folks with transactions.
I guess they are trying to get folks not come to thge bank and do everything online.
It's time... why wait in line?
Help you out a bunch.
They can even set you up on a payment plan if you need it.
Never had to bail anyone out until recently and they made it so easy i was amazed.
Highly recommend these guys.
Workers are friendly, however the lines and wait times are too long.
Step up and open more windows when there is a line.
Its not rocket science.
Very very poor customer service the call center is in the philippines ....
If you love being lied to, then chase is the way to go for your mortgage!
I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at chase.
I had to call multiple managers at chase before anything was done.
They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me.
$1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us.
I used chase as my mortgage lender, and it was one of the most frustrating experiences i've ever endured.
Robert page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on october 16th.
Then he pushed it back until october 18th.
Then he pushed it back until october 21st citing some ridiculous reason.
You see the trend?
Then, we were supposed to close on october 28th....which didn't happen either.
If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise.
He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise.
Of course, they reneged on that as well.
Take your business elsewhere!
$200 row fee and tow co ruined alternator so another $800.
Had an account with you but never again!
$1.75 to wash and $0.25 cents/10mins to dry, the omly extra thing i had to buy was fabric softner.
After a day riding horses on a ranch this was a perfect find to wash my clothes.
I will definatly be back if i ever need to do this again.
At the time i was there if you checkin with yelp you get free wash.
Very very bad service !!
I give my deepest apologies to wells fargo!
I mistakenly posted a review of bank of america here instead of the b of a site.
I will say again, my previous review was intended for bank of america!
If you ignore any other reviews please read mine and know that this company is absolutely awful!!
I spoke with three different agents and finally got a "manager" on the line named julie.
She was beyond rude and had zero compassion for me and this unpreventable situation which had me very upset.
I've never been treated so poorly by any company, especially considering this was not my fault.
Please think twice before you decide to use this company for any of its services.
Julie should learn to show compassion and be considerate of her customers!
Frank darmo, relationship banker, has been more supportive and more helpful than i ever could have asked for.
Dealing with chrysler capital has been nothing short of a nightmare.
You've gained our trust, business and loyalty.
Always friendly and helpful.
And a variety of sizes.
Always have machines available.
Went to this location to deposit my check on my lunch break from work.
Rocco the agent has been very helpful and professional.
He answered all my questions and even gave me some tips about my account.
It was my first time going there because it's far from my house but close to my work.
I will start going to this location because of how rocco treated me and provided great customer service.
If you would like a cibc that is never open, this is the one for you!
Absolutely ridiculous, can't even access a machine.
I have been with wells fargo for almost 20 years and the service fluctuates between locations often.
Consistency among locations would increase my score
He is on the right side desk and he is bilinge.
I've been banking with weststar for over 10 years.
When i call in the staff is very friendly and patient with all of my questions.
I waited to get the car and ended re applying with meliea and she was very helpful.
I would recommend this bank to anyone.
They are fabulous will work with you and help you make good decisions with your loans.
I just to say thank you morgan s
There's a line of 12 people and bankers are just walking around not helping people in line.
Get your heads out of your asses and help the customers.
We went here after visiting the museum next door.
The two drinks each free vouchers they gave us didn't hurt.
No cover charge, and we were treated well.
The bartender and bouncer were super friendly.
It was a fun evening.
I usually would never yelp about a bank but i feel i had to.
First off, i currently bank at 3 different places and tcf has been the best by far.
Marissa helped me open my checking and savings account.
She was so helpful and friendly.
I would give it 5 stars but i think they could be a little quicker at the window.
However it is better some days than others.
Staff is always helpful and  courteous.
Will continue to bank here.
We have, should be had, a boat loan with a 15 year term loan with key bank.
I have made 15 years of payments for my loan.
It should be paid in full.
However, they are saying i owe more then $800 for fees.
I ask them what fees.
I have contacted the bbb, credit reporting agencies, as well as key bank directly.
Looks like to get the pink slip for my boat i have to pay almost $900 for no reason.
They are flat out trying to rob me.
Don't get a loan with this company!
Kelly and brannon gomez works at our local wells fargo and they are the best!
We recently had a huge resident activity that wells fargo participated in by making a generous donation.
We appreciate their business and recommend anyone to use wells fargo.
Thank you kelly and brannon, we appreciate everything that you do for us at ascent at papago park!
Very surprised by the curt service here.
She looked at me as though i was unwelcome at the drive through window.
Gave her my id and the check completed correctly and she asked what i wanted done.
It was a deposit but i did not include a deposit slip.
She said she'd "do it for me this time."
This is the only branch i've been to requiring a deposit slip.
Thats ok but she didn't have to be rude.
I will steer clear of this branch in future.
Its no wonder the parking lot and lobby were empty.
This is the only branch of this cu at which i've encountered rudeness.
I read the reviews before choosing it; should have believed the prior reviews.
This company is the worse!!!
If your late they call and harass.
The reps at the counters have attitude problems.
Scott is the worse!
He may seem tough over the phone, which i would easily beat him if it were face to face.
I hired 2 lawyers last week to go over my documents because there are lending laws broken.
I paid off my loan completely, but now it's pay back.
The drive through is a complete joke.
You are guaranteed to be waiting a minimum of 10 minutes.
They need to hire an employee to strictly work the drive up window.
This is the slowest bank ever!
Get behind the counter and help move the always constant line of customers!
It looks like some bosses at bank of america are reading yelp!
This location seems like they have hired another teller, and lines are moving faster.
Also, they now have a lolly pops at every window.
I asked for a  copy of bank statement.
The lady said they charged $5 per statement.
I told her my printer is not working.
She said you can email it to the person who needs it.
What a customer service.?
I had an amazing experience at clark county credit union.
Richie smith helped us buy our new jeep and stephanie deines helped us with financing at a great rate.
Why go to a dealership when you can avoid the hassle?
This wells fargo is awesome and also located in troon!
This bank is always clean and the workers are always so friendly.
It usually never gets too crowded so it is nice coming to and not having to wait in line.
It's located in a beautiful area so what's not to love?
Loved the insight of how the bank years ago was run and how it was protected from would be thieves.
Kids had a great time with the interactive material and putting their own picture on the printed money
I really like this laundromat.
Its clean, its safe, its got free wifi, and it also has vending machines.
They even held on to my clothes when i forgot them the other day.
I really appreciated that!
They both provided amazing financial information and answered all of my questions.
They were exceptional in every way.
She basically gave me that too bad so sad look.
I told her a sign should be posted and her quick response was well call a manager if you like.
Navy fcu i've been a member since 2001.
Sad excuse for employees at this location.
The people who work there are fine but management great idea to only have one teller at the teller window.
Stay far away form this branch the lines are horrendous and you die a slow death standing in it.
Any nicer neighborhood has to or three teller at hand.
Here they are robing the hardworking folks of this neighborhood of their time and lives.
Shame on penny pinching and taking advantage of people in lower economic areas.
The management should feel ashamed!!!!!!
She is not to be trusted with your account.
She will lie to your face while pocketing your money!!!
Please all navy fed bankers stay away from hollyeee*
I deposited a check in bank of america atm before 8pm last night.
The check was a little over $2200.
It was written from a bank of america business account.
They already debited the account it was written off of.
They will not let my boss cancel the check yet they will not give me the money til the 4th.
So why are they holding my money for 1 week.
I put a check in last week and it cleared the next day.
This makes no sense.
I have started a srew bank of america facebook group that is growing by leaps and bounds.
Take my advice & the hundreds of others in the group and dont use this bank.
The worse part about it was the smug attitude of the manager.
Join the fb group & let these bastards know that our business is a privledge and not a right!
I just got my first payday from amazon which is great.
Keybank won't give me my money.
They said they closed my account without notice because of 30 days of inactivity.
It's my first paycheck.
I need bus money.
I don't want to steal but have to because of shit like this.
Served 6 years in usaf.
I was active duty during the the gulf war.
I only come in about once a year for some transactions that i feel more comfortable a banking profoessional doing.
The people here really make me lose confidence.
I feel some of the account people are incompetent, or they at least come across that way.
And i went to another branch.
Need some clothes washed?
They operate as a do it yourself laundromat or as a full service wash and fold.
If you are traveling through, the wash and fold service is well worth it!
They promise a turnaround time of 5 hours, but it will probably be done before that.
They are quick and efficient.
It is fairly easy to access from the strip or a bus.
The 108 or the tourist busses will drop you off at the corner of sands avenue and paradise road.
From the strip the 203 goes down sands/twain and will drop you off across the street from the laundromat.
The east side of sands is twain avenue and the laundromat is about a half a block walk.
The staff is very nice, and as i mentioned, the full service is very affordable.
Not sure why they only have two tellers.
Maybe it's because there is no customers???
Neither one will answer drive thru and your wait can be ten plus mins.
With no one letting you know anything.
Been to this location many times.
All different hours of the day all on different days of the week.
This branch has some good people, but the banking system itself is terrible and has terrible customer phone service.
"oh, we can't do that here.
You have to contact xxx department by phone."
Another hour long hold.
If i could give this bank a zero star rating, i would.
Don't trust this bank to tie your shoes, let alone handle your money.
Will never come again  first time to try to see some shows in vegas.
But this place.total scam!
The waiters are really nice.
But the chick caz finds hundreds of reason to try to let you pay more!
And had rude words.
Thank you so much, will never come again!!
This bank which has a staff of four or five people does not have a teller available!
How does a bank not have a teller on staff?
Regrettably this is the typical poor service i've become a custom with with bank of america.
Choose another bank get real service.
Perhaps that should be their motto.
Love working with the team at bill's office.
They are all very friendly and willing to work with your on anything.
I wouldn't be insured with anyone else.
:)  thanks for all you do @ bill quigley - state farm...
For those that know me, you know that i rarely spend my time writing negative reviews.
I tend to lean towards writing positive reviews for those establishments that are epic.
This time, i just had to write this.
I learned more in five minutes inside this "credit union" than i thought possible.
I have just moved down the street from this business.
Having done that and paid the $4 transaction fee, i walked up to a teller.
Everyone could hear it.
Back to the teller.
As i approached, she asked what she could help me with.
She was extremely rude.
She even went on to say that maybe i should take my business to wells fargo.
I really didn't expect a stop at a bank would eat up my whole day?
Thanks boa for keeping it streamline!
Excellent service, very friendly, always helpful.
I have came to them for help a few times and they were always there for me and very fair.
Scott the manager is a good man
Customer service is great.
The tellers are always very friendly and have a great attitude.
Has plenty of parking, great location and i've never had to stand in line more than 3-4 min.
Our own credit union doesn't do foriegn exchange for currency.
We were told that bank if america does.
After waiting again we were told you had to have a bank of america account to do foreign currency exchange.
We weren't going to open a bank account just to exchange currency.
They wasted our time.
We found another bank that does do it and they got our business.
One more thing you bank is not very inviting on its design felt more like a prison
Nice and clean inside, friendly teller, quick service in and out.
I have been a happy chase customer for about 10 years and they never have let me down.
Great location with very nice facilities.
Parking is super easy and there's a drive-through if you are too lazy to go inside.
Best part: indoor atm with secure entry at night (so you need your card to get in).
Always makes me feel safer.
I went here last week to activate my new debit card.
I tried to do it at the atm and then went inside to make sure everything was in order.
I walked in and there were two people being helped.
Horrible service and the discriminate against the elderly.
They treat people with the same respect dirt gets.
Not this location specifically but the bank itself is crap.
Today was supposed to be my billing date on my credit card.
Went into a branch and they asked if i wanted to take all my money out of my checking account.
Honestly how dumb can you get?
Then the servers just happened to crash.
I was told to call the number on the back of my card.
I did just that.
The first guy did the same thing as when i was in the branch itself.
Thought i wanted to take money out of my checking account.
I said i wanted them to take money from my checking account to pay my credit card bill.
But that it was whatever now and hung up.
I'm not wasting my time dealing with you and your crap when i have more important things to do.
First thing i did was hang up.
A service fee to pay my freaking bill.
That i've been trying to take care of for the last hour?
Okay that makes no sense.
Or that the only way we can help you is by making you jump through 200 different hoops.
Screw all of you.
Really loved the service and loved the staff.
They are so very educational and make you feel like they care about all of your financial needs.
This is the slowest bank of america i have ever been to in the united states.
Don't ha e a branch here if your not going to staff it correctly!
I recommend any other bank of america in the city!
I've been using this branch since it opened and have never had any issues with customer service.
Everyone has always been polite and helped me with exactly what i needed.
This has got to be the worst td branch that there is!
Besides being slow, they have a tendency to put a freeze on your account when they make a mistake.
The last time was a few weeks ago, when i had taken out an rsp.
When i called to speak to the person who gave me the rsp, she never responded to my calls.
Now i have to go in person and deal with this situation.
If you can, avoid this branch, and take your business to another near by.
I had a little trouble w my debit card today.
And i'm so glad that i came to this branch.
He's also the friendliest banker i've met.. and mind you, i also bank w wells fargo.
I am beyond satisfied w his customer service, skills, and knowledge in what he does!
I've had to talk to 3 different people and each one was worse than the other.
They are rude, heartless people, they make you feel awful, like they are so perfect.
A-ok describes this branch perfectly.
I usually have a decent experience with friendly employees and a fairly short wait time.
This is the only branch i know that has a drive-thru option.
I suppose it's convenient for a lot of people.
Sadly, ssscu closed down the only 2 locations that were truly convenient and close to me.
Now i'm forced to go to this branch.
It's easily a 15 minute drive minimum to get here simply to make a payment or deposit a check.
I used to be able to just go around the corner to albertsons.
The staff there was much more personable and the wait was nonexistant.
I suppose that's why they had to close?
Either way, driving here sort of makes going to the bank a chore and something i don't enjoy doing.
Though i can't say much about service, i know for a fact that this bank has a great atmosphere.
While we we walked around, we needed air conditioning and found our way here.
Inside, we found a small exhibit with tons of interactive gadgets!
And yes, the air conditioning sufficed.
On a more serious note, i'll definitely be coming back here for more than just the ac.
The drive thru atm doesn't take cash deposits 80% of the time!
I am considering changing banks because of this reason.
Wouldn't you know it...$5 per statement (which i expected) but...
I've banked with tcf for 2 years now.
I have had absolutely no issues with them.
Above all, tcf has the option when you sign up to opt in or out of overdrafts.
Tcf has truly been a godsend.
I will never bank with anyone else!
The rep patrick was very help and full of great info about what type of account we should open.
The place was nice and clean filled with great friendly staff
The cost is $2.00 a pound and you'll get your clothes back all fresh and folded in just 4 hours.
I've never had a worse customer-service experience at any bank.
For this reason, i decided not to open an account with wells fargo.
Great customer service at both the teller and the loan agent.
Do wish there were more atm's available.
Great mix of looks of the dancers, something for everyone.
One teller, 10 people in line and everybody else that works here is standing around talking.
Time to find a new bank
Such a huge bank and only one person at the teller???
Do u see 11 people in line?
Takes 20 min to give you a check?
Im not a patient person but this is beyond belief.
Get more people boa!
Use the atm and app if you want to avoid dealing with the above fact about most bofa branches.
The service i usually receive is good and i avoid fees any way i can.
I'll remain a bofa customer because sometimes i need the services they offer but diversification is necessary.
Nice bank and everyone is friendly.
Amber, sue & keli rock!!
This review is only based off of one experience from a non customer.
You can't honor your own customers checks than you're not a great company.
Great "small town" feel of the bank.
Have always had good service with a smile.
In fact, i drive clear across town to make sure only he works on my multiple accounts.
Btw, where the hell is my lolly pop at this boa location?
I don't know how many people this will reach.
I am 100% disabled, permanent and total disabled veteran.
My husband took out a pool loan.
Time passed, my husband left me due to my disability.
They were sending the bills in his name and somehow i lost track of paying it.
He had originally borrowed 20,000.00 for home improvement.
In the process, the loan was down to 17,000.00.
This past two weeks, i have been dealing with them.
She called me back and told me to go through loan modification.
Loan modification said the account had already been charged off and was not active.
So, they charged off the loan, but the same company is billing me for it...????
Something not right with this already.
They informed me if i died that i would not be responsible for the loan.
Do you know how many veterans commit suicide due to this disabling disease???
No, they didn't want me to do that!!!
Only two options they gave me was to pay 10,000.00 cash or pay 150.00 a month.
What kind of bank does this?????
I am not the originator of the loan.
If anyone has any advice, please help!!!
I need to go into branches more.
Didn't realize that there is an atm machine that can dispense denominations other than 20s.
Plus the rep was really helpful.
I needed to deposit a third party check into my account and cash it right away.
I don't do this often, but my boyfriend uses compass and there is not one compass bank  in vegas.
So, i went in with his check and asked for them to cash it.
Without any problems, they took it and gave me the entire amount in cash (based on my relationship with boa).
Also, there was no lines so it was a very fast transaction.
All good reviews on this club are fakes!
We (married 16 years - we both like girls), driving up industrial looking for a nice place.
It was next to a "sex boutique" so we thought it might be couple friendly.
Hell i had $200 more in my pocket waiting to give away for a good time.
No love from them, hmm guess they didn't want me to spend money there.
Anyway - so its dead like i said 4 other customers, over 10 girls (only 3 danced).
Several girls are transvestites!!!
The staff is rude, i guess they don't know they are working on a sinking ship.
They let our $200 we wanted to give away walk right out the door.
Brad has been my trusted insurance agent for over 15yrs.
He's insured all my vehicles and homes for my entire family.
He even assists with my family's life insurance plans.
Great follow up and customer service.
Would highly recommend his services!
If you want:  1.
A guy with the initials j.l to lie to you; 2.
A company that will request information that you already provided to them; 3.
A company that will improperly complete the irs transcript request form; 4.
A company with underwriters who do not understand what a "short year" return is; and 5.
They are making a push in the west coast market and i can tell you shy away from these guys.
What an incompetent group.
This td branch can be difficult to leave by car, especially going west on queensway.
You can also expect waits on busier days around lunch and after 4.
Beyond that, the service here is good.
Everyone behind the counter seems knowledgable of products and services.
Also, like many td branches, this one has a machine that counts and sorts coins for you.
No cover unless you come in a cab and hh was free beer and well drinks til 8.
What's next, locals get bathroom charged?
Or how about parking fees to park out in the back?
Just call the place "deja' nickel and dimes" cause that's the impression i presume they're catering to local patrons.
Then spend another $13 for a longneck domestic bud light to scope out tall skinny alien looking females.
Try to get some answers to a clueless kelsey bartender, unfortunately she was nothing but that.
There you have it kids, story of my life .. smh
Dozen people in line.
Ask to see a notary, apparently only 1 person in the bldg can handle that.
Oh and she's 45 mins behind.
And she has somebody waiting for her so it will be 45-60 minutes.
I get the phone # for the branch manager....just rings and rings and then not even a voicemail box.
Call the 800 line.
Update: i came back 5 minutes later and got right in.
Who's the manager here.....
Went in on saturday to open 2 savings accts, 1 checking, credit card and line of credit.
Teller asked me to come back on monday because underwriting is in texas.
Didn't feel important at this location.
Went to one nevada and was pleasantly assisted.
This is my favorite branch!
Emily, nora and krystin i wait for because they are so nice i always leave in a better mood.
Even when i forget my card they make me feel appreciated.
They will do what's best for you and give you honest guidance wherever they can.
If one nevada could just give us 4 hours on the weekend, just phones i would be extra happy.
If they would put a million dollars in my account they have me for life.
Great service, friendly owner's and a nice clean laundromat.
My daughter and son in law been here before on their last vegas trip.
So i came with them this time.
The atmosphere is welcoming.
Only go if heath will be dealing with your loan and not forice.............................................got our home loan with heath.
Everything was done fairly quick, great rates and very personal.
I would refer everyone to him if he was who you were only dealing with him.
Less than a year later we get a call about saving money with a streamline finance.
This started in february where i sent in all the forms they requested.
Flaky but he started working on it.
Then all of a sudden to phone call or email they were gone.
I trusted they were working on it and would get back to me.
Well 2 months later forice comes in to the picture.
I would give golden bear one star if just reviewing this streamline finance.
He never calls back, emails, or responds to anything.
I was worried and called a few time a week to confirm everything was on track.
He told me he would pay the late fee personally if we had to end up paying it in may.
May 30th at 748pm i receive this text as follows "good evening ashley.
It's forice ham with golden bear.
I just wanted to make sure that you and your husband made your mortgage payment for this month."
Give me a break.
His voice mail is full so you cant leave messages.
Run from this man.
I love their app and this particular branch's easy driveway right off of central ave!
I appreciate their warm welcome, fast service and extensive services.
This bank is the worst in fountain hills.
On three occasions, i went in for a simple 5 minute transaction & my experience was the same.
Little did i know that he was going to service 2 other people at the drive through in between!
That happened to me 3x's before.
It was 20 minutes later.
Maybe it is because i don't have a lot of money in their bank?
But everyone should be treated the same whether they have a lot or a little.
No one should be made to feel like a 2nd class citizen.
So i will take my little bit of money elsewhere.
Other banks know me by my first name, are very genuine with no long wait times or lines.
You will get better service, benefits & genuine relationships with other banks in fountain hills.
Do not use wells fargo in fountain hills!
Sometimes service can be a little slow.
This place is very convenient because it's so close to me and i utilize money gram a lot.
There's always more paperwork to sign then needed but i guess they just take a lot of precautions.
The girls are very friendly and helpful.
They never rush and always get things right.
I love coming to this club!
They love their locals and have the best happy hour!
Shaun the manager is the best!
And if you need a stiff drink kasia behind the bar is your girl!
They will take good care of you!
If your looking for a casual place to see some boobies this is your place!
Catch is, you have to pay $19 for some checks that nobody really uses in this time in age.
First of, i was told since i opt for online statements i wouldn't get charged a fee.
Well, i don't & i didn't so because of that tcf closed my account.
The patriot act is real but why in the us like i'm a dammmmm terrorist?!
Shit so backwards in the us.
Uk is a kingdom for a reason!
Much better common sense.
I've been using truwest credit union for about 3 years.
Everyone at this location is friendly, efficient and helpful.
The services they offer are varied.
If you have an account with another credit union that participates in, "shared branching", this location participates as well.
I highly recommend this location.
I would never use this bank again!
This is after years of fees for just having a 401k with them.
They give the word greedy new meaning.
Find yourself another bank, i would look at a credit union they are typically more reasonable.
We searched for a laundromat near the strip while on vacation.
Great service, very helpfull staff.
Nothing to worry about.
They got my car refinanced, went from a 30% interest rate to a 7.9%.
They did it fast and made it really easy.
Thank you one nevada you guys really made a difference in my life!
Propre, pas cher et la personne  l'accueil trs sympathique.
En bonus du wifi rapide pour patienter.
Credit guard, inc. is the nations best credit repair company and i can see why.
Chances are they can save you $1000's on interest rates alone.
That being said, my son, brother and myself had an awesome time here.
When you are quoted a price for a lap or private dance, it's that price.
No surprises and no up sales, at least not in our experience.
Lucky for us it was a slow night for them so we had many girls to chose from!
I enjoyed it so much i had to extend it to a 30 minute private!
Definitely a place to visit during every vegas trip we have from now on!
Great customer service and auto rates.
Very friendly and helpful.
Was able to refinance my auto loan at half the interest rate of chase bank.
Carlos got me all set up, very happy with the service and products received.
My daughter wrote me a check as she owed me money.
I can't believe a bank would take such advantage of someone who didn't have an account with them!
I can only imagine the fees that go along with having an account here!
Spoke with the manager and she was pretty snotty as well.
She was self-righteous and basically said too bad if you don't bank with us you're paying nothing we can do!
Real tired of direct deposits pending in my account for 3+ days.
Didn't have this problem before one nevada.. you have lost another customer.
Two tellers and a long line.
You'd think they could do a better job on a monday after a 4 day weekend.
But they still have one person whose sole job is to say hi as you come in.
Manager should be fired.
I've had great experiences in all departments... love having a true local bank
It's like a mini united nations at this cibc.
They have a lot of employees which comes in handy when you have to wait in line.
Every person i dealt with here has been stellar, though.
They're actually helpful and get things done quickly.
That is rare these days at banking institutions and very much appreciated.
If you deal with cibc and need to get things done, i suggest dealing at this location.
I have banked with gateway for many years both personally and with my llc.
Gateway bank is best with customer service.
It is like going to cheers "where everyone know your name".
Service was a bit slow, but once the line was gone, i was greeted by a super friendly teller.
Unfortunately, i was told they couldn't convert my euro coinage!
Certainly not her fault, but someone should examine this.
Still the worst bank on the planet.
I am so tired of the hassle i have to go through every time i move.
This is beyond annoying.
The only reason i even have an account with you is i was forced when i got my car loan.
I've called and left messages twice now after sitting on hold for more then 10 minutes each time.
Keep my $25 but please close my account.
Time to go to the bbb!!!
Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money elsewhere.
This bank doesn't seem to care about the people that keep their money here!
They are so thoughtful and helpful.
Finally, gilbert road  is no longer under construction.
I living going gets for all my banking needs.
This incredibly busy bank has 1 teller on a friday afternoon.
Taking over 30 mins to get cashiers check.
Getting my car loan was pretty convenient.
But, you cant make your payment online.
Branch is busy, making it in the branch takes a long time.
So, i ofywn pay 10.00 extra to pay by phone.
Best treatment i ever got in a bank in this world was right here.
Staff is absolutely fantastic.
There are no good reasons to bank here!
The branch manager is rude and an impediment to business.
Also happy to waste my time.
To date, this has never been resolved.
The bank continues to operate without regard to challenges or customer satisfaction imo.
I was hired  on as a temp in 2015 for  wealth management.
Being eager to learn  as a new employee  i took an overnight shift so i can finish going to school.
I was given 6 skill sets.
That means taking more calls then perminate or tenured agents.
I had unbelievable  unrealistic quality metrics.
So i was failing these metrics cause of all the other jobs i had.
To give them more reasons not to hire someone.
They keep temps for years without hiring  so they don't have to pay.
The job is stressful  listening to rich dumb people and having to graciously  kiss their assets.
This company cares nothing for you.
They demand a lot and our full of it .
On monday night have free drinks with a good deal  friendly  grils of course .
Too  bad that we have to go around to get in the store.
The club itself seems very nice good furniture  no to many holes lol it was slow night.
Maybe they need more advertisement for the monday nights.
Recently refinanced my house with golden bear capital and i'm very happy with the results.
Is this process ever fun?
But i received a great rate, no hidden fees or points, and great customer service throughout the entire process.
Would definitely use them again.
Aw yeah, my reaction when i heard they were adding a henderson branch of navy fed.
I was introduced to this credit union 5 years ago.
I was with old wells fargo, that charged monthly fee to keep my money in their bank.
So i was doing back flips when they announced that they were opening one right down on sunset.
The staff is very friendly and helpful.
They have a free coinstar type machine that deposits your spare change right into your account (with no fee).
Not to mention that they always have little perks and promotions, to make the best of your hard earned cas$h.
They offer home and auto loans and amazing rates.
Always helpful and going above and beyond this place has my loyalty.
I have been a long time chase customer.
This review is about customer service at this location.
One star only because that's the lowest.
I went thru atm to get cash.
Atm gave $300 of $20s.
I asked, you can't exchange cash for cash without running thru my account?
He said no, it was a chase policy.
Then he seemed to try to make up some illogical policy on the spot.
I went to a second chase location and they did this cheerfully and quickly without questions.
What an arrogant ass the guy was at the mill location.
Manager of this branch need to pay more attention to training and listening to their customer service training.
I dont have a boa account but have to go in occasionally to deposit money into vendor accounts.
Everytime i go in i'm blown away by the place, it's like teleporting back to the 70s.
Nothing has changed except a few computer screens were installed.
What did they do with all that bailout money?
Short version: appearance of professionalism and courtesy, actually little knowledge or ability in banking, and little genuine concern for customers.
We were pre-approved and everyone seemed very nice and reasonably professional.
They tried to steer us toward a higher cost mortgage as the only option.
Shop around if you are looking for a mortgage - and if at all possible use a local credit union.
I love my bank they are easy to access either in person or via telephone.
Golden bear capital is without a doubt one of the best company's to work with.
The staff was second to none in customer service and patience.
I would recommend contacting mr. schneider if you need a loan of any type.
He will evaluate you and proceed at your speed.
This is one of my top ten company's to work with!
I would consider it to be my lender for life.
Amal the teller needs to check how she's speaking to people.
Once again wellsfargo has screwed me out of my money and says it'll be processed the next day.
I was talked to horribly and they completely wasted my time.
So thank you oh so much.
After you've been a member for a while they will charge you $70 for transferring your own hard-earned money!!!
They'll charge you for not sufficient funds when the funds are really there!!
This is the most horrible, dishonest, uncaring, greedy bank ever !
!i believe what they're doing is illegal.
Now to make it even worse...
How is that even legal?
I went in there today for a money order.
Tell me why the clerk told me there's a $5 charge for the freaking money order?!
Like who does that!?
Especially when other places such as supermarkets or even the post office charge under a dollar!
That's probably because they know $5 is too dang high!
Unfortunately, i was in a rush so i had to pay the 5 bucks but dang.
Do you know what i could've done w/ $5?
Well let me tell you: costco's gas is currently $2.50/gallon.
I could've gotten two more gallons of gas.
A $5 foot long from subway before the tax.
An old navy t-shirt for the low.
A pack of hamburger meat.
Underwear, b/c you can't have enough underwear.
Basically you can buy a lot of things w/ $5 instead of spending it on a dang money order.
I have a checking and savings account there but charging that hot mess price smh.
Also had to wait a good 5-7 minutes inside before getting help.
Boy have they really gone downhill.
So why bank with a credit union (which has more limitations) when there are no additional benefits?
That's why i left.
I came here because it is very close to my store.
It was my mistake to choose this branch again.my wrong decission again.
Many employees are walking in the lobby here and there but they even didnot say hi to us.
They totally ignored us.
So frustrating......never gonna come back agin.
Don't ever apply for this bank credit card.
I've been banking with this bank over 20 years.
Don't have a lot of location, but i like the teller and the banker at the brunch.
But i give it 1 star is because of the credit card customer service 855-437-2798.
It take a couple people and a couple on hold to get to the right person.
And a whole lot of security questions by the time i done all that is already pass 25 minutes .
I told them it had declined 2 times.
Each time i try to buy something over $200, the card will decline.
What's the reason for that.
And her answer is "security reason".
And i told her if i cannot rely on your credit card, can i cancel the card.
And she put me on hold again for a long time.
I will go to the brunch and cancel my card.
Will not spend another 30 minutes on the phone.
Deja vu is my club of choice.
The girls arreee, not so impressive, but lately there have been a few.
You can tell some of the dancers use looks to their advantage.
The better looking ones are the ones who cant do a pole trick if their life depended on it.
There are only a couple that are really good and worth while.
Definately a good place to hang out.
Prices for locals are worth it considering drinks are unlimited.
I actually wouldnt mind working there at all.
As a waitress that is.
I love deja vu.
I needed to wire funds and it was quick and painless.
The lady assisting me was very friendly and helpful.
I was impressed at how quick things went and how nice all the staff was.
I have more business to do with them and looking forward to my next visit.
Us bank is by far the most incompetent bank that is around.
The bankers that were supposed to help me and send in forms never did so.
No one updated me or alerted me .
Meanwhile i'm waiting everyday to have my money returned to me.
Here i am at the bank again and everyone is ignoring me.
I already explained the situation to them and how important it was for this form to be filed out.
I sat in the lobby for an hour while the bankers pretended to be busy.
Do not bank with us bank.
Don't have your life ruined because a mistake is made.
Us bank will make you pay for it.
Absolutely despise chase bank.
I will ask that they get everyone they know to drop them.
I hate this location.
I've had a few pleasant experiences here, but they are overshadowed by the bad ones.
I felt so judged.
Did i not look as pretty as my id that day?
I wasn't even requesting a large transaction or anything suspicious or high-profile.
She just wanted to be a bxtch.
Now everyone else does, too.
I avoid this location.
The decatur/215 one treats you sooo nicely!
Cindy was absolutely lovely!
Extremely quick service, had me in and out of there regardless of the extremely long line!
Had a funny conversation about popeyes too, love that place  thanks cindy!!!!
She definitely reminded me why i love banking with one nevada!
I have had several very good experiences in this branch.
I have always been treated nicely and very professionally.
Chis godbey is a great personal banker and did a great job updating my account and doing a fed wire.
Maybe once a month.
It makes life easier.
If you come here through the drive thru, be prepared to wait.
Prompt service is hit and miss, and as of late i've been having more misses.
I use their share branch services or else i would probably opt to go elsewhere.
You have to give a star that's why there is any star at all.
For a full day and 1/2, looking at my wells fargo phone app i get a balance of $x.
I am cutting it close for my travels as i have just began getting paid for my contract.
So i transfer $10 out of my account that shows a balance of 10.39 - direct deposit kicks in tomorrow.
I get hit with a fee of $35 again!!!
He now says there was only 3.39 in the account.
I highly recommend not using this bank and going to usaa or navy fed.
They don't charge for atm fees.
Wells changes fees on top of other fees if you go to a non wells fargo arm btw.
These folks are not good ethical business folks to be dealing with.
Great customer service from danielle!
Very informative and with a welcoming smile!
I will definitely consider opening an acct here!!
I feel bad for people having to work there- the energy is heavy.
Lol its our money- not yours.
I used to love my bank but they are going down hill fast.
Is counting no longer part of their job description?
Long story short we are looking for a new bank.
I have been a member here for 16 years.
Each account incurs a $3 monthly charge.
The service is awful.
The phone wait times are awful.
Closing my account as we speak.
I have nothing but great things to say about golden bear capital.
They locked me in a great loan rate even though i live in california.
I would happily recommend them to any of my friends looking to refinance or purchase a home.
Thank you for making the process effortless!
Can't do negative stars, can't do 0, so 1 will have to do.
I could write a novel on all of the terrible things that bofa has perpetrated on my wife and i.
Ready for the novel?
Let me preface by saying i never wanted bofa.
Bofa transferred my account as a free account.
Then a few months later they changed it and started charging me a monthly fee.
I had a savings account with fleet that i used to save for wedding costs.
It became bofa before i got married.
When i got married, i emptied the savings except for like $75.
6 months after getting married, i got a letter in the mail saying my savings account had gone negative.
On a savings account.
I called them up and had them refund me back to $0 and closed the account.
Get this, the woman asked me if i wanted to set up a "free savings account".
I had one and you started charging me on it!
I tried to use their "free" online bill pay once.
To my surprise, bofa deducted my account for the payment a week in advance.
It left me with pennies to my name for a week.
I called and complained and was told it was standard practice.
Never used their online bill pay again.
When i got married, my wife closed her account and i put her on mine as a joint account.
Once she had all the proper documentation, we tried to change her name.
They issued her a new debit card with her old name.
The final straw came when we accidentally overdrew our account.
Somehow our out of state rent check cleared in 3 days instead of the standard week!
I put the check in the mail on saturday.
On monday, i checked my account online and i had money.
On tuesday, same thing.
On wednesday, same thing.
So i went in to this branch to complain and deann was less than helpful.
What i got was a lecture on finances.
I need an explanation of why i'm being charged $250 for what should have been a single overdraft.
"there's nothing i can do, you should budget properly."
Budgeting properly has nothing to do with the way the bank is messing with the dates to screw me.
Now you tell me this?!
These people the definition of scam artist!!!!
This company needs to have a rude awaking about what they are doing to people is wrong.
This company will suck you dry if they can with no end result.
Today i received assistance from cindy burgoz, the branch manager of this location.
Not only was she extremely helpful with the situation i was in but she was soooo so kind.
Which was refreshing after the morning i had at other banks.
I highly recommend banking at this location.
The customer service was amazing and very helpful.
It was 6pm so they'd just closed but there were still employees in the branch.
Red lights start flashing after it spat 7 bills back.
My card wasn't coming back our either    super frustrated!
She gave me the info to try to resolve my money that got jammed inside the atm.
At that  time she pointed out the tiny sign near where u deposit your money saying only 25 bills.
In my opinion the big sign when your logging on to the atm should say 25 bills, not 50!
My saving grace after being in a bad mood to begin with was sandy!
She's who i spoke to on the phone.
Her pleasant attitude and bubbly attitude turned my bad experience into a much more tolerable one.
I hope you and oncu rsee that you are a 10 star person for oncu!
The 3 stars are because of the 2 different bill amounts allowed which doesn't make things clear enough.
I've been with oncu for over 10 years.
My sister also banks with you.
I need my tips to pay my bills.
Really not happy right now, in fact i'm crying because this is extremely stressful.
You can email me at karynelynn@aol.com to resolve this.
This place is terrible.
14 people in line and only 2 tellers.
With 4 employees standing around doing nothing.
When i asked if they could get more tellers they said no.
Why can't the operations officer open a window?
He's standing there like a statue or something.
I have been with this credit union since 1988, it has only gotten better and better over the years.
People at the branches very friendly and professional.
I have been with one nevada since 2012 and i absolutely love them!
Today kathy teems was very helpful in correcting my bank account with the utmost professionalism.
Thank you kathy for being there for me.
I was fairly impressed.
In and out of the bank in under 5 minutes.
Great place, very friendly staff, this is the place you want to come for your laundry needs.
Patron of this branch for a few years and i think they have excellent customer service.
Inside the branch and out.
I've seen some great drive thru tellers and my day and very few can hold a candle to ms. gayle.
She never has an off day.
I know i'm going to get quick and accurate service with a warm smile, greeting and farewell to boot.
Whenever i have questions, i know that she's going to know the answers and lead me in the right direction.
If you need a solid local branch with consistent drive thru service, this is your place.
Bank of america as a whole sucks.
Switched to chase and it was the best decision i ever made.
I closed down my bank account in person a year ago and it stayed open for some reason?
Since then, they have been changing me a maintenance fee every month for having the acct open.
Relations manager troye was absolutely no help.
In the end i paid my negative balance for no reason and "closed" my acct.
But we will see since it isn't guaranteed.
What a joke of a bank.
No wonder they are closing a ton of branches..
I've been a member of heartland credit union for about 34 years.
Service with a smile has always been the case, and i'm never just a customer.
If your money is in a bank, you're really missing out on the credit union membership experience.
Their remodel should be the least of their concerns.
Ricky montanez was my loan officer recently.
He is a shining star in a sea of confusion.
He spent so much time explaining my options and helping me with my loan.
I feel like without him i wouldn't be in my dream house now.
I see a previous reviewer wasn't happy with him, but my experience couldn't have been more pleasant.
This is the worst branch ever .
There is always a long line and not enough tellers to help you .
This has to be the most courtiest people in here.
Everybody is overly nice and very warm.
Will be back here next time i'm here.
I normally really like this bank.
Every time i go in there is no one in there so i never have to wait.
So as far as banks go i really like it its quick and easy to pay my bills.
I wish i could give it to 0 stars.
I came here to wash my clothes and the attendant was rude and very impatient.
The place was dirty and had a ghetto feel to it.
Very clean the attendant and owners are always on top of things and cleaning everything.
Customer service is great there!
Washer and dryer price are reasonable as well.
Most recently, november 3rd we visited and the night was truly something special.
The staff was amazing, especially the special event coordinator kristi.
She went above all expectations to make our visit to las vegas special.
Kristi surprised us with a limo, waiting at our location to take us to deja vu.
As we entered the club, the general manager greeted us.
He was very welcoming and thanked us for reaching out and visiting deja vu.
The wait staff came by many times to check on us and make sure we were well taken care of.
The girls were beautiful and the club was amazing as always.
Teresa p. was helpful and informative.
I will be recommending one nevada credit union to my friends
Candice hooked me up.
Rc has lowest title loans in town.
Saved twelve hundred dollars over title max and money tree.
And the service was magical.
Seriously, worst bank to deal with.
If you aren't available during regular banking hours do not bank here.
The after hours service has limited banking capability and won't be able to assist.
There is absolutely no benefit banking with a credit union vs chase/bofa/usbank/wellsfargo.
Looks like i'm transferring my business back to a big bank that has more modernized capabilities to help customers 24/7.
The best clark county credit union branch in las vegas.
Convenient location  always very clean and the employees are always happy to serve you.
That's the difference between a bank and a credit union, service, service, service.
And with better rates than a bank you cannot go wrong!
I knew there was a reason i didn't bank with b of a!
This location is particularly bad and always has minimal staff.
Went in with a friend to pay off their mortgage loan.
He looked at the certified check (from wf) and then dismissed us.
Said since it was a payoff the regular cashiers could take it and gestured to the line.
There were twelve people ahead of us, one cashier...on a friday....at 3:00 pm.
Ummm, no thanks, we'll go to a different branch tomorrow.
At least one big bank "gets it" but it's definitely not b of a!
Clean, lots of machines n some local stores to browse in while u wait.
The area is a bet sketchy w/ lots of either homeless or on the verge of being homeless.
Tiffany was amazing and a pro.
So much fun and easy with all the insider tips.
It was a great time and unlimited classes are $79 for the month  i got a real workout!
The bankers here are very efficient and incredibly patient.
I had to fix something in one of my accounts and jeanette was thoughtful, thorough, and on point.
On the other hand, the other banker joe was also patient and efficient.
This is a nice, clean branch with a safe atm entrance for those late night runs.
My only complaint is that the music in there is boring.
I have been a member for about 5 years, and i love this credit union overall.
I've always received great customer service from the flagstaff and chandler branches.
However i've started going to this branch and the customer service is mediocre.
I waited a full 48 hours beyond the day she said she'd call.
I then called her and left a voicemail, asking her to please get in touch with me.
She never returned my call.
The two tellers i have last interacted with also seem distracted or disinterested.
I needed to do several things today, which i told to the teller right away.
After my first transaction, she tried to dismiss me, and i said i needed another transaction.
She was not particularly warm, and i had to keep repeating the same requests.
It just appeared she wasn't really listening.
Obviously used by worldwide visitors.
Bill changers.and detergent dispensers readily available.
Go during the daytime hours as there are some questionable individuals loitering outside.
All in all, would recommend to others.
I love working with gateway bank!
A community, local bank is the way to go.
All of the staff at gateway are extremely helpful and friendly whenever i call or walk in.
They are always willing to go the extra mile to answer my questions, and make us feel welcomed and appreciated.
Example of awesome customer service: i had a meeting one afternoon to go down and discuss some accounts.
Banking can be unpleasant and stressful unless you've got people on your side who want to help you succeed.
They have high standards, but they're down to earth.
I highly recommend gateway bank for your everyday, or business banking.
The workers were very professional and friendly.
Everyone greeted me with a smile and made me feel very welcome.
They answered all of my questions and had me leaving confident on my choice of credit union.
Never not a time it's busy.
Always 2 tellers however tiffany and this other male teller work really fast and good together.
This is the branch where my account was opened, but it's close to my job.
I have been a member over 30 yrs,  back when it was nellis federal cu.
Today i went to the di branch and had the unfortunate pleasure of being serviced by linda sue murphy.
I can help you"'.
I spoke up and said "i'm next".
She said "are you sure"  and even the security guard told her "yes".
She, in my opinion, needs a a lesson in customer service.
Thank you for your time, robyn mcgough
If i could give negative stars, i would.
I opened an account at compass bank back in nm in 2002.
I go to the gas station and the grocery store, spend $25 at one, $60 at the other.
Monday rolls around and i'm hit with 2, yes two overdraft fees for $27 each.
I go into the bank to inquire as to why and i'm told that i overdrew my account on friday.
"yes, but we take all charges out of your account before crediting any deposits at the end of the day".
"then why did my available balance show that i had several hundred dollars if it was not available to me?".
"because it doesn't get credited to your account until all the charges have been taken out".
"because that is the way we do it because we're greedy @$$h0^&$".
I finally just gave up.
I've worked at banks.
I know how to balance my checkbooks and keep track of spending.
Do yourself a favor...don't bank with compass.
I cannot imagine why this location only has three and a half stars.
This location has a drive-thru atm and seems to be kind of hidden in the grocery store parking lot.
Not only are both these women super smart witty and beautiful they are understanding and really care about my situation.
I have a decent amount in my savings however my credit is horrible.
One nevada has a great program that is free of charge to help you build your credit.
I felt amazing leaving this location and speaking to these women.
Process was very simple and they ladies were very helpful!
Got a loan within 25 minutes i highly recommend.
Thank you yvonne :)
Been banking with ssscu for almost 20 years and have seen a major deterioration.
Very disrespectful to their customers.
Tellers are rude, you can't get near the branch manager by phone or in person.
I wrote a formal letter with concerns regarding their excessive fees and horrible customer service - never got a response.
There was a time this bank cared about you as a person - not any more!
They closed many branches and shortened their hours to make it extremely inaccessible to their customers.
Mark my word - they will be out of business soon!
I am in the process of changing banks - moving all my direct deposits.
All banks have their issues but this one you may want to avoid.
Teresa salas is the best!
She always helps us and is so sweet!
She has the best personality!
Horrible service understaffed (always).
Business line is always closed.
Not friendly at all.
They always have more security guards than tellers.
I'm currently looking for a new bank to run my business with.
Always a 30 minutes wait to cash a business check.
I'm the first to review this branch?
Maybe that explains the complete lack of lines to do my banking!
This is a business bank, so you won't hear the ubiquitous "how's it going?"
Instead, your banking will be done quickly and professionally, leaving you to make the day your own.
If you're looking for something completely different from the bofa, wells and chase mosh pits, look no further.
Walk in, say hello, do your business and leave within a minute or two.
Wish i could give 0 stars.
One teller and line around the corner.
Bofa your customers are getting upset.
I feel bad for the poor teller.
Come on bofa get your priorities straight!
I have a new born baby with 4 diapers left, rent to pay and no gas.
I will be closing my account and i suggest you dont bank with these rude, insensitive people.
Nothing like the credit union they once were.
Son was sent a letter saying he had 50 days to bring his balance up.
After trying to transfer money, he was told account was closed.
Hassle to open a new account!
Came to this bank a few weeks ago to withdraw some money.
I was told that i would have to wait for about 15 min.
I'd probably have gotten better service at a title loan store.
I have been with west star for almost a year.
Everything started of great, then when i decided to get the over draft protection everything went down hill.
For the last 3 months i have been charged excessive over draft fees.
They keep telling me it's the merchant.
No it's your bank, it's like they switch the date the transactions clear to collect the over draft fee.
Very bad for business and i have contacted the bbb.
I work to hard for my money to be giving it away.
This bank is good a few of the things they do i view as unprofessional.
Usually have really long waits but has a separate line for business accounts.
Somewhat helpful staff but usually full of angry customers that are mad about the wait and openly voice their opinions.
A very cool free attraction in the heart of downtown cleveland.
After passing through the security check at the federal reserve, one can only admire the beautiful ceilings inside this building.
After a little architectural magic, the next attraction is the small, but interesting, money museum.
It's free to visit, and is very informative for people of all ages.
Obviously, being a complete child, i took advantage of the latter (photo to follow).
The availability of service is great.
My schedule's hectic and i come take care of laundry on my time only.
The room to improve definitely comes from the riff-raff who frequent the area.
I might suggest coming in the daytime for those ladies traveling alone.
I hear they're working on this...
The other things that keep me coming back include the tasty burritos across the parking lot .
If you like tasty burritos and clean clothescome to this strip mall and you shall receive them!
The most unsure responses i have ever heard from this bank.
The lady at the us bank asked me "can i put you on a brief hold"?
I said how long for the hold?
Yes you may talk now.
The foundation that i am a vice president of uses this bank.
The service is phenomenal and the fees are low.
They will really go the extra mile to help you out!
If you have a business or non-profit organization, i highly recommend arizona business bank!!
We have been members of intouch for several years.
I went there the first time to use the shared branch service for a deposit to my seattle credit union.
I was so impressed by the personal customer service i and later my wife opened accounts at intouch.
I often recommended intouch to other people because of the outstanding customer service.
Well, all of that has now changed.
Last year our local branch was closed and all of the tellers were removed from the other branches.
Customer service out the window.
They even removed the change machines.
What stupid moron or group of morons made these changes?
I complained long and loud to the local management and to the home office in texas.
All a waste of time.
(note: i did enough business there that they know me by sight.)
I was noticed leaving and they called me at home a little later.
I again complained long and loud about the removal of human tellers and bad customer service.
So, i've started transfering my money to another credit union.
They may be saving a little money on their machine tellers, but they have lost me as a customer.
If you want to stand in line forever and not be acknowledged, go here.
I have been banking with weststar credit union for several years.
I like the bank .
Which you are probably wondering why sharr ???...
Would you only give three stars if you like them?
I feel inconvenienced by my bank.
I have to drive to the durango branch because by freeway it is the shortest distance.
Which puts a hold on cash available.
In fact their security for information is above and beyond.
They always let me know when there is suspicious activity, and verify odd transactions...
They have caught fraudulent activity long before i would have even known it took place.
(i should probably add another star for that ... but right now ..
I work in a career where i provide customer service.
Inconvenience and rudeness.. is inexcusable .. sorry!
Free soaps... quick dryers.
Check in with yelp for some free dryer time ...
Bad customer service and a typical financial institution trying to nickel and dime the consumer.
Shady and outright unethical in my book.
I will never do business with them again.
The customer service here is amazing!
Their staff is friendly and very outgoing.
The thing i hate about them is that i can never just get stuff done.
They always want to talk to me about more services.
One time i took them up on it and it turned out to be the biggest mistake ever.
All my accounts were mixed up and i started getting all these service charges.
It took over an hour or my time and nothing i was told held up to be true.
Additionally, during the holidays, there were two fraudulent charges made on my account totalling around $200.
On the other hand, they have lots of locations.
Great customer service, timely, quick and efficient.
Not much to say, just a very straight forward bank with incredibly nice people.
First, their customer service is top notch!
I received a call from visa fraud prevention about sketchy purchases made on my visa debit card.
I hadn't even noticed anything was wrong yet--they were so on top of it!
Then one charge was for a groupon.
Nicole called me, then waited on hold with me while groupon figured it all out to get me a refund.
I have been a customer for 21 years, and i will likely be a customer for life!
We went in to do some stressful estate work after a family member passed and abraham went above and beyond.
He was so considerate and helped us with tasks that many others would have pushed away.
He gave the best service of any banker i have dealt with in years!
A bank without bank tellers?!
Incredible long lines at the automated machines with 3 tellers standing around doing absolutely nothing.
The girl (i can't remember her name.
She didn't provide much information at all, we had to ask.
Disappointed, but it is done.
This location offers a great customer service team, from management down.
The employees do not mind having a friendly, casual conversation either.
I never feel displaced or bothersome.
My only gripe is the location of the drive through atm.
Sometimes it is too hard for me to see the screen depending on the location of the sun.
Maybe i just need to be taller or need a bigger car so i sit higher up.
(i originally had this review under the wrong oncu location.
I used pinnacle and dave was my broker.
Unlike the other reviewer that mentioned sunwest, a different lender approved my loan.
Dave quickly responded to all my emails and phone calls keeping me updated with the status of my application.
Due to some unexpected family emergencies (two hospitalizations in 2 weeks), my application dragged out at no fault of pinnacle.
At no point did dave contact me and put pressure on closing the loan.
( in order to close the loan, all trusts have to be removed.)
However, after the closing, dave advised me that it would be my responsibility.
I wish he would have honored what he said.
I've been to this club a few times.
First of all it is a safe environment, very clean and not sleazy at all.
Another good thing is that it's not expensive at all.
20 dollars to enter, nevada residents come in for free.
On tuesdays they do drink specials.
Wine is only 2 dollars.
On regular says it is 12 dollars which is a normal price for las vegas.
The staff is very friendly and professional.
Girls are not pushy at all.
Except one older lady who is always there.
She wouldn't take no for an answer and ended up being irritating.
In my opinion, she doesn't belong there.
The girls are nice looking , in all shapes and sizes.
No pole tricks though which is a little bit disappointing to me as a pole dancer.
I don't blame them though, the audience seems to be a little cheap.
I took their my boyfriend because it is very couple friendly.
I was younger just starting college and didn't make much money but still, they put holds on my checks.
And back then my $200 checks meant life or death basically.
It was soooooooooo frusturating so i closed my checking and savings account.
I currently have a chase credit card and everything has been fine, no problems.
But nothing great either.
**update** chase increased my cc apr to an insanely high amount for no reason.
I asked to have it lowered based on my good standing and what not.
They declined so i opened a cc w wells fargo w a much lower apr.
These people are worthless.
Dont ever do business with them unless you want to be stressed out and depressed.
I had to call back after being hung up on.
I think they give anyone who can talk a job!!
So glad i no longer have an account with this company.
Monica was very helpful and informative.i was very happy with the way the staff treated me.
They took great care and fulfilled what i needed!
Worth doing, but a little underwhelming.
The building is beautiful and i can only imagine what it was like when all the teller windows were used.
They had some great displays about the history of money and the fed.
I would like to see more about what the building does today.
While i understand they can't take us into the back, a description would be very interesting.
Best part was the free money* available at the end of the tour.
*free bags of shredded money.
This place is clean and cheap.
Neighborhood seems sketch but i grew up in a neighborhood like this so i'm used to it.
Definitely come early, lots of washers few people.
Just a short walk from my hotel so i decided to check it out.
It's free so why not?!
The museum is short but it's wonderful!
She was super informative and i learned so much in my short visit.
It was well worth the walk over.
Never has any lines they are quick and saves me a lot of time.
I also have an auto loan here that gave me a lower rate than my main bank by 5 percent.
I would keep all my assets here if they were open on saturdays.
Huge line of customers, all the employees are too busy to help them!
Same story every time i come here.
No respect for your customers!
Staff where very friendly and helpful.
I like pnc bank as it is a real people friendly bank.
Like this branch especially as it is big and lots of employees.
This will be my go too branch from now on.
Called today because my merchant services was taking a week to deposit into my account.
Supposed to have 24hr support,  obviously do not!
So ask the lady what she can do.
She says nothing, she is i  credit card department.
I say ok,  can i please speak with your manager?
She says she is the mgr!.
I say ok,  can i speak with your boss please?
You did nothing wrong,  the policies are mess.
She says they can't make outgoing calls!
I said ok,  please have someone who can help me and call out contact me.
Then an abrupt click!
She hung up on me!!!
! what kind of professional does that!!!????!..
And she is a representative of them!!!!!
Not who i would choose to represent my business!
But then i remembered,  pnc doesn't care about you unless you are running 10-20 mill a month
I love coming to this bank!
Lines are minimal and atm is in and out.
The tellers are nice and the facility is clean
What i liked about this place was it was free for locals and there was no minimum drink amount.
They also had local drink specials $4 jack and cokes and $2 pbr.
So since they serve alcohol this is just a topless club.
I went with my boyfriend and another couple.
She even sat on his lap and put her big old fake tits in his face lol.
Her age alone made me realize this place is where the reject strippers are hired.
None of the girls were pretty.
One of them was fat she had rolls as she slid down that pole.
If i go to a strip club i want to see hot girls and even my boyfriend wasnt impressed.
We left after about 30 minutes.
Very polite professional staff weather in drive threw or in side of store.
Better then boa any day
This is a horrible place to keep your hard earned money.
The access to your account via online and other avenues is very poor.
Every time you want to access your account your must offer up your first born child...
Only slightly, as you must constantly input code words and almost always get locked out.
I visited today and several "children", the staff, were running around laughing, giggling, and  flirting with one another.
I signed in and had a seat.
She said, " you know it is an $11.00 fee if you lost it."
I said, "well what if it was stolen?"
She replied, "you already said you lost it....sorry!"
I said, "so its $11.00 if i say i lost it, but not if stolen?
The card is gone....how do i know how it disappeared?
She again said, "sorry" with a bitchy attitude.
I told her fine, i want to withdraw the balance and close the account".
Which she replied with attitude, "you want to close your account over $11.00?"
Then she said, "well you'll have to go to the teller.
I dont do that."
I did just that, removed all of my money.
This is a horrible credit union.
Try somewhere else as these folks suck!!!!
I regularly frequent this branch and absolutely love it.
I highly recommend the bank and this branch!
I did give a bad review a while back.
However, after some time, things got back on track and i paid off my loan.
Things went well and i felt good about using their services again.
Interactions were professional, no harrasing calls, just the typical calls you get from any lender or collector.
Messagas were professional and respectful.
End of the day, we're all imperfect and sometimes we have bad days but respect is key on both sides.
You have to give it to get it.
I do recommend using las vegas finance.
Not sure why they only have one star on here.
If you're a cccu member this place is great.
Fast and easy and the staff is very friendly.
Do be aware you have to be a member to use this credit union.
Avoid this scam !
Min drinks - 2 which will cost you $30 even if you do not drink.
Girls are less and not good looking.
They will just trick u in getting a lapdance from them.
Most of them are pretty old.
Before i go to the bbb i hope to get a response.
I was charged an extended overdraft fee after i had the funds in the bank.
The person i waited on hold 30 min to talk to said "it's just the time frame of everything" .
There was no charge when my funds were available.
Got screenshots that there was no charge applied before my money was in your bank.
I hope for a timely response before i escalate this further.
It's not about the $35.
Its about the principal and decent business practices.
Probably the wells fargo bank in las vegas that i hit the most.
Mainly because it's closest to my home.
I rarely need to go inside the bank unless i have to transfer money to someones account.
My visits here are either the walk up atm or the drive thru.
This is one of the most convenient atms for me since there's never a line.
My only issue is the withdrawals through the drive thru atm.
On the drive thru atm, if you withdraw more than $100, they give you $50's instead of $20's.
Some places early in the day cannot break $50's (i.e.
Starbucks, fast food drive thru's, friends, etc).
By the way, why do people call it an "atm machine"?
Doesn't atm mean automated teller machine?
In actuality, these people are saying they need to get money from an automated teller machine machine.
Just like pin number???
Things that make you go hmmm.
The longest lines and they charge you a fee for everything.
I hate big banks but if you have to choose one is go with wells fargo.
I'd definitely not choose to bank with these people, especially at this location.
I'm here cashing a wells fargo check.
This its clearly a waist of my time on my 30 minute lunch break.
So far i've been here ten minutes waiting on my name to be called.
Timely process wells fargo.
We went to talk with a banker about a problem with our account.
They told the wait would be a long time and seemed completely unapologetic.
I dont think i will be banking with boa any longer.
Checking is not free here...kinda thought that was the point of a member-owned credit union.
Central phoenix location is a pain to visit.
Garage parking is a hassle.
No saturday hours at phoenix branch...too inconvenient.
Yes, the tellers are very, very nice.
Rates are a little better.
I might as well use a bank!
I went to this bank of america location today and was seen by a personal banker named anthony.
He was rude and pushy.
We needed to switch money between accounts.
We actually started yelling back and forth at one point.
I sat through the rest of the appointment fighting back tears.
Definitely won't be seeing him again or coming back to this branch.
I have a mortgage with wells fargo for many many years now.
Furthermore she sent me down the street to ups to get it done.
She said if they can't get it done to just come back, which makes no sense to me.
It really upset me that they would make me go out my way somewhere instead of staying there.
I thought they are suppose to give great customer service to everyone not just members only.
Since this situation happen i will be looking to refinance my mortgage somewhere else.
This is a great location.
Rarely busy and amazing staff.
Everyone is friendly and helpful and it seems like they know most of their clients by name.
The bank itself is well maintained and bright.
Very convenient to the 215.
It's okay for what it is.
So, it is nice to be able to take care of some chores in the middle of the night.
The laundromat is relatively clean compared to some other ones i've been to in the city.
In fact, almost the entire time i was there tonight, a guy was pretty much cleaning around the place non-stop!
They have soda and snack machines around.
I couldn't resist getting an ice cream bar from the ice cream machine they have there.
Although, stay away from the gumball machines!
The gum in those things are hard as bricks!
The heavy duty load washer was 3.75 a load and the dryers were 0.25 for 10 minutes.
Not bad at all!
What i like is that they have a working change machine inside.
It never ceases to amaze me how many laundromats in this city don't have that.
I was pretty much left alone to do my thing and that was perfect.
I only hit a laundromat once a month or so, so i will certainly be back.
It's nothing glamorous, but certainly fulfills its purpose.
I wanted to say a big "thank you"!!!
To "cory burd" at the tenaya branch and "troy seay".
Both of these guys were fantastic in the purchase of my new cadillac.
They were quick responsive and answered all my questions completely.
I've always used cory in the past for my car purchases and he's been wonderful.
This was my first time to use troy and he was just as good.
Thank you again for all your professionalism!
I have been a member with heartland cu for over 8 years.
I just shut down all my accounts.
Customer service is out the window with this bank.
I did call to make sure they would release the lien since the loan was paid off months early.
This bank is very sloppy in their work.
I would not recommend them to anyone.
I was a member of another credit union before heartland for over 20 years and loved it.
When i moved to madison i had to leave that credit union.
I will be going to summit credit union.
Clean, what more can you want from a laundromat.
The clerk was friendly, the machines worked and i came out with clean clothes.
I've had an account for about 5 or 6  months.
Today i plan to close it.
The idea of extended business hours pulled me in.
However i was informed i would still be charged the $37 od fee on a couple of dollars mishap.
Today i discovered my mgmt company hacked my account to collect a $25 fee i refused to pay.
I have never paid them with bill pay.
I have only hand writtenb a check or paid with a money order.
My only resort is to close the account.
And to eat the cost of the checks i ordered when opening the account barely 6 months ago.
Also please note i can seldom get the online statements to open!
As is the case today.
The same monthly fees, the same crazy overdraft fees, and the same miserable tellers as most major banks.
Why do people think credit unions are so much better?
This branch was all smiles when i opened my account but it all went downhill from there.
Thats the first time i have ever heard of having a cosigner for a credit card.
Also was denied a car loan even though my credit was good - by their own admission.
Joining this credit union was a complete and total waste of time.
Worst customer service i think i have dealt with.
She gave the most condescending response.
Highly recommend firing her!
Last time i do any business with that credit union.
Wonderful service with an awesome staff!
Always willing to assist..... with class,and a smile!
First off, the staff at this location are awesome.
Super nice folks and very helpful.
Um, how do get past a question that i never gave an answer for.
Anyways, they have "free-ish" business checking, except for these dumb fees.
Everyone at this bank is so helpful!
They are always kind and willing to help you!
The branch manager joanne is a wonderful woman!
I would recommend coming here if you want friendly service and assistance!
I've read some other reviews here, but i wanted to say that my experience has been really very good.
Thank you patty & macu!
I used to be able to walk in, sign in and get my documents notarized after other customers were helped.
As one of the desk guys sat talking with his girlfriend i was told i needed an appointment.
2 days from today.
Accounts and 3 personal w/bofa that i'll be moving.
Nice customer service bofa.
Took a half hour to get it reversed and correct one issued.
Branch was messy disorganized and appeared nobody was in charge.
Worst ever laundry experience after we go around countries by country.
Update on experience...supervisor called my husband to apologize and wanted to keep our business.
Great job weststar but can't give full 5 stars because of the stress we went through beforehand.
I have come to this location four separate times to set up an account.
It's next door to my work but the convenience just isn't worth the attitude of the tellers.
I was expecting a lot more based on the amazing reviews i looked at before i came in.
The standards are pretty low for the locals, i see!
One of the coin machines was out of service, they were out of several soaps at the soap vending machine.
I got a drink from the beverage machine and it was just slightly cooler than room temperature.
The video game machines are so old and outdated they might as well get rid of them.
And the massage chairs....come on management... you see how busted they are like your customers see.
There has got to be a company that will lease you two new ones and you can split the profit.
Or just get rid of them until you can afford decent ones.
I read so much about the great service but the lone worker who was here was very indifferent.
No hello or anything.
No name tag so not sure who it was.
This credit union is amazing!!!
There is never a long wait and the tellers here are amazing!
She is very upbeat and always has a smile on her face.
She is my go to teller from now on!
Its also nice that we share the same name!
I highly recommend this credit union!!!
Everyone go open an account with ssscu you wont regret it!
Chase was a good bank.
I am at chase and there is 14 people waiting for one teller.
One lady is asking if anyone can use the atm.
No dumbass, if i could use the atm i wouldn't be standing in line.
Why aren't you opening a teller??
Chase has lost there customer service!!
Find a credit union and don't use this bank
The teller was equally friendly and helped me through a slightly tedious banking issue.
It's nice to know that people are friendly wherever you go.
Will definitely come back to this branch as it's very close to my new apartment.
Jim was very professional and explained the process thoroughly.
No hidden agenda just straight quality service.
I've used pinnacle mortgage twice now and caroline morton had been my representative both times.
She is great at her job and is eager to help and makes getting a home loan seamless.
I will definitely use pinnacle and caroline in the future if i need another home loan.
The worst branch to do any type of banking.
Slow, ungraceful and the staff looks completely unphased about standing around leisurely when a line up occurs.
If it wasn't for the location, a majority of the clients would be going to another branch.
Like a bad batch of milk, you give the cow a bad name.
By cow i mean td.
If there is a choice, skip this location and don't look back.
They want $6 per check even though the check is from a bank of america account.
Can't stand bank of america.
The dick everyone around.
Ricky montanez the mortgage loan officer at this location is a horrible loan officer.
He did not give me the time of day when i tried to get a home loan.
I guess it's because it didn't benefit him, or so he thought!
I'm a single mother and was 30 at the time.
He didn't give me the time of day.
Ihave owned my home for 3 years now!
Brand new home in a new community!
Now bank of america wants me to refinance w them!
I will stay w wells fargo!
Fairly new chase location in the walmart center at lake mead/boulder highway.
Never been inside, but i use the drive thru atm often.
Overall, i am not a fan of chase and their fees, but this location is alright.
Update: she's helping me and i'm sorry for the bad review.
Misunderstanding cindy is very nice and helpful...
So much better than wells fargo!
Customer service is outstanding.
They don't rip you off in fees.
I go there often and have had nothing but excellent service.
They are also open on sundays which is awesome.
This review is solely dedicated to the managers of this location.
The lines are always outrageous but as it is closest to my house, it is a necessary evil.
Something really bothered me the other day when i stopped in.
He looked flustered(as any employee would when a customer is yelling at them).
Neither manager went to help this teller.
They just let him stand there and take a brutal beating by bank of america's crazy customers.
I noticed them rolling their eyes as if they couldn't be bothered by their own employee.
Absolutely disgusting behavior by a manager if you ask me.
That is completely unprofessional.
Instead they just stood there as worthless pieces of crap(excuse my language-but really!)
Maybe the lines wouldn't be so long if the managers actually did what they were supposed to.
As for the managers, i hope you guys are all replaced.
Great for a local close to home credit union - which is perfect for me.
I use this for my small business.
That is the only time i need to go into the bank b/c i use the app to deposit checks.
Everyone is friendly - great customer service - and that outweighs the atm.
We have been here for several years.
They are always helpful, usually no waiting at all for tellers, less than 10 minutes for personal in depth help.
Recently ellen was very helpful in explaining options in regard to my credit record.
The loans rates are very competitive, and we have always transferred car loans to here after purchase.
-1 star for overall cleanliness and a widow pane missing.
Thankfully it's only noon and i got my hubby by my side!
Cynthia and adriana were great with customer service!!
I can easily get my banking done on my lunch hour, which is no easy feat.
I cashed a government cheque and divided it between getting cash back and deposting into various accounts.
The entire process took around 16 minutes!
It could be because it's so big and they staff enough tellers to deal with the rush.
Whatever the reason, it's my rbc of choice.
Also, since the whole building is rbc, there are atms all over, including in the underground path.
Like kat f, i too would like to hate on this cibc.
It is housed in the shell of a gorgeous heritage building that is never open past five.
Not only that, the atms are only available during branch hours.
Cast iron gates block your access to the cash machines rendering this place a big brick paperweight after bank hours.
This defies seventeen distinct levels of logic.
The scotiabank down the street has atms that jut out into the street.
You could access them at 4am[1], if you wanted.
Obligatory title pun: c?
I'm not the only one b c'ing this nonsense.
Menu readability: i wouldn't know.
Need to mention: there is another (better) cibc at university and dundas.
What this place teaches me about myself: i can't handle bankers' hours.
_____ [1] aka: the unholy hour.
Brad is a good guy but unfortunately he  works for a very ruthless insurance company.
I had been with state farm for all my insurance needs since 1994 with car, homeowners, rental, business insurance.
Furthermore, i still have not gotten a call back from the underwriters who cancelled me to explain the reasons.
It's hard to believe they would terminate a customer for 23 years.
I would strongly recommend not using state farm for your insurance.
This is one of the most bigoted racist clubs in las vegas.
The nasty strippers have more control over the venue then the mangers.
This is why the las vegas deja vu is the less busy of all the other clubs around the country.
Started charging a monthly "service charge" out of nowhere to my debit account (effective sept 2012).
Only $7/mo - but isn't that worthy of some notification?
I receive monthly paper statements from them.
I called their customer service department to inquire.
Look, i get it.
Looks like i'll be dropping my account with wells fargo and putting everything in ing direct.
This chase has the best service.
Super sweet and helped me figure out a few things i had questions on.
Happy customer right here!
I usually frequent the windmill location, but this location was more convenient for me on this day.
My only regret since switching from chase to here is that i didn't do so sooner.
This location is very similar to the other ones i have been to in town.
The interior is very clean and the tellers are always helpful and friendly.
It's nice to have another location on the west side of town to go to whenever it's necessary.
I'm definitely a fan!
Kept me on hold for an hour!!!
Couldn't get any money out and very where i went it was declined.
The automated system was soooo infuriating.
I need a bank that i can rely on in sticky situations.
So upset at this quality of customer service!
We just opened an account at cccu.
Very easy and great member benefits.
On my worker's compensation check it says payable at wf.
Because i have an account,  they want to hold it overnight.
If i had no account,  it would just be cashed.
This is poor practice and customer service is of no use.
I wish i had kept my accounts with bank of america.
Will switch back as soon as possible.
Shared branching service constantly down.
Expect to go to a different location.
Went there several times and it's always the same message shared branching down
Called to put a hold on a credit card charge until my complaint with hurst tires is resolved.
Told they couldn' t help even though payment was not made yet.
Told to "appeal"  the charge after payment.
Have done that with a real bank that actually cares about it's customers.
Expect my credit card with my bill cut up !
You are not worthy of my business.
Have other credit cards and a credit score exceeding 820 average from all 3 credit companies.
You also have been issuing credit cards to illegal immigrants for years .
They have amazing mortgage services.
How see brent the branch manager!
They are really unprofessional.
I called the branch about 5 times to make an appointment and nobody answers.
I even emailed the banker that helped me and he responded 3 days later!
I ended up not even opening an account with them because of how unprofessional it all was.
Every time i've called - nobody answers!
Friendly service, but but the staff could be quicker big inside and the drive through.
They do serve coffee inside which is nice and the atms are very easy to use.
This club was a major disappointment, the second time i came here.
The first time, i came here, this club was off the chain.
They had lapdance beds, and had some nice, young, white woman, walking around that joint.
As you can you see, from my first review, of this place, i had a good time.
Well, it has changed, since then.
I came in at 4pm, and the club was deader than a 85 year hooker, in alaska.
They had one stripper in there, that was about 6'2, that looked like former boston celtic, kevin mcchale.
The bartender, was smoking hot, though.
When the bartender is the best looking girl in the club, that is not good.
She is a sweetheart, as well.
The d.j was really cool, too.one change, that i did like, was that this place, serves alcohol ,now.
I did see some cute strippers coming in, so im not going to give up on this place, just yet.
I just wish they could hire better looking strippers during the daytime.
It is what it is...not the worse place but if you need a place to do laundry here you go.
Lots of washers and dryers but the dryers are harder to get.
Luckily i got one right away but only needed one.
Attendants on duty so that's good and they are friendly and helpful.
Place is relatively clean too.
Check in here on yelp and get 10min free drying time.
They aren't willing to work with you.
They don't care about their customers.
I have experienced this with multiple locations.
There is no point in staying with a company who couldn't  care less about thier customers.
When they wouldn't help me i decided then that i was going to change which bank i use.
I have no second thoughts and can not wait to research other banks and set up an account with them.
It was beyond ridiculous how much time i wasted to not have them do anything.
I proceeded to storm out.
As i said there is no point in being a customer of someone who is unwilling to help.
I got the information and everything but when i tried to sign into it i wasn't able to access it.
To put the above paragraphs shortly: screw them.
Do not get an account with them because you will be disappointed in the service and the bank as well.
Waitresses rude even when its not people in the club!
Manger tried to throw me out for talking loud!!!
Trust will never go there again.
They have signs up to talk to management before yelping but i cldnt talk to anyone!
Dont waste your time!!!
Too many strip clubs in las vegas to settle!
Line out the door.
Why doesn't the manager get on a drawer when it's busy.
It's 3 in the afternoon.
No one should be at lunch.
Bofa i wish i could use atm.
This seemed like a great solution - and it was!
About a 15 minute walk from the convention center monorail station it was painless to find.
Staff was friendly and helpful and provided free detergent!
What more could you want?
Great hours, the staff is very helpful and patrons are friendly.
Someone even paid for my dryer.
Probably the worst customer service for a financial institution.
I do believe (hope) it has been fixed now.
It was the reason why i was calling to double check.
Why in the hell would you close at 5?
Do you not want business?
Glad i bank with us bank, much better service and more accommodating.
I am a notary, but i cannot notarized for myself.
What an awful thing to lack!
This is the worst place too do buisness.
They double charged me and refused to give a refund for my payment stating i gave permission for this payment.
Customer service is a hit or miss.
And they charge you $12 to make a payment wtf..
Very very good they work with you fast have not a hassle with them.
I've been late on paying, they work with you quick must try very very professional!
I had a vary bad experience at this banking center.
It all started right after work.
I went to pull out my money.
When i got to the teller.
I told her she is going to need to get help from the manager.
When the teller pulled up my account.
I told her that she is going to need her manager to pull out my money.
You are going to need help from your manager.
So she got her manager.
Then the manager told me that there is a hold my account and she can't do anything.
I told her that i went to other banks to pull out my money.
Then she told me to go to another banking center.
She told me that she was the general manager and she can't help me.
Phoenix super made keith have a super birthday!!!!
Gigi and jessica were so sweet made up feel comfy and they are all so beautiful.
Come and ask for these  beautiful ladies to host your night!
If traffic is heavy, forget it.
I only use this location if i'm not going to be driving by another one.
The weekend manager is the worse out there.
Unfortunately,  this manager cannot understand english.
I was treated courteously.
There was a coin machine but i think that they did away with that.
I love the girls at this particular location, always nice and helpful.
I do love their change machine though!
I have been using nevada state bank for a non-profit for which i serve as treasurer.
The customer service and ease of using online tools have been fantastic.
Ask for joey f. when you go into this branch, he's the best to work with!
The bank is terrible .
I wish i could get my wife to change banks .
Good thing i only have to come here once every two weeks.
Second, why do we have three people greeting me and wanting to send me over to a personal banker .
I just want to make a deposit .
And  third, no drive through banking .
Are you nuts .
Only 1-2 tellers work at a time, with branch manager hiding in the bank pretending to be busy.
Go use the atm if you need do a transaction.
This location is horrible.
Over a decade with this bank.
All funds and future funds transferred to a secure bank.
They will never get another penny from me.
My home refinance will also be handled elsewhere.
Bank of america are corporate thieves.
This rating is based on 3 years of service.
After opening account, i had to request credit and debit card 3 times.
With the exception of 3rd time, each previous time there was no record that requests where made.
However, 2 chequing and 2 tfsa accounts were opened, i am thinking by mistake instead of credit card requests.
Once when traveling, i went to pay and was told the card was declined.
I placed call to rbc and was told that due to security breach card was cancelled.
When going through mortgage process, the bank rep - betty diotte was very disorganized and panicy.
I switched to another company and closed with no issues by closing date.
Betty was informed by the agent this is unethical and considered breach of privacy to do this without my permission.
Since i don't get paper statements, i don't get cancelled checks.
This information i was informed is not available any other way.
I would not expect this from any professional business but even less so from such a big entity.
Overall, very negative experience.
Occasionally, i meet a nice and helpful teller that softens the experience, but that's far and in between.
Since joining rbc, i have specifically recommeneded coleagues and friends to join other banks.
Absolutely a great alternative to the hotel equivalent.
Our service was prompt, professional and affordable.
We paid by the pound for the wash and fold.
We found our clothes clean, smelling good, and neatly folded.
The location, while close to the strip, is not the best.
Use common sense and you should have no problems.
What an awful bank.
Next, you have to wait 10 minutes more through the teller line, only to get treated like a criminal.
Do not even consider this place.
The contacts are ridiculous.
If i had the time to call in and talk, don't you think i would have?
The replies from these people are often condescending.
Not to mention their quoted prices are two to three times more than everyone elses?
Also if you are ever in a car accident and you use these guys, do not even bother calling them.
You have to pay your deductible to even get a question answered, even if you weren't at fault.
Uhh no b-word, i pay you every month for insurance, what are you going to do for me?
Not a bad branch..
The staff is friendly and usually around to help if they aren't being bombarded by another ssscu member.
A bit out of the way for my taste, but the ease of banking with them always brings me back.
I called ax about a $50 prepaid reward card.
It's expiration in 12/19.
I was not told that nor was there information in the envelope with the card when i received it.
This helps to justify why i cancelled my credit card with them in the first place.
Location is nicely maintained and you'll find they offer free coffee often.
Can't get in the door without someone greeting you.
Easy to get to and parking is not a problem.
I have been a member for 1 yr.
I went to a branch today to withdraw from my account and found out they dont have any tellers anymore.
I had to stand in front of a atm and talk to a tell on a video screen!!
No more customer service.
I usually go to this wells fargo since i moved here.
It's inside the albertsons and i love shopping there.
The workers at this wells are super nice and they make conversation with you.
They also do their best to remember you and what you talked about last.
Sometimes the line is super long but it's ok :) the workers make it worth going back.
I went to another location off of cheyenne and they aren't as friendly.
They have 2 atm's out between the postal service side and the branch itself.
I was encouraged by the good reviews, but highly disappointed when i arrived.
First of all, this place is very close to the strip.
It's a very poor neighborhood.
I went on a saturday night, and it was extremely crowded.
The tv was very loud, on a spanish channel.
And it didn't feel especially safe.
They had many different brands of washers, many were out of order.
The change machine was broken.
I wound up at valu wash on tropicana and spencer instead.
It is also open 24 hours.
And the prices are quite reasonable.
I've been using this branch for several years.
What can you really expect from a bank?
Aren't they typically impersonal, aloof and indifferent?
This bank does have one teller, ms. kitchens, who smashes the stereotype.
She's very sweet, helpful, and knowledgeable.
There is no future for her in banking.
I would have switched to washington mutual a long time ago except that it's a pain to switch banks.
I applied for a car loan online and it was denied the instant i clicked the mouse.
How is that possible?
I've never had the slightest problem getting credit.
Suspecting a glitch, i tried calling my branch.
You can't get through.
I spoke to a jerk.
I explained the situation.
I have more money in the bank than the amount of the loan.
He talked to me like he was dealing with a welfare cheat.
He said i could apply again but it would hurt my credit rating.
I don't want to apply again.
Can someone review my application?
We can't do that blah blah blah--a smokescreen of anti-customer jargon.
"you must have something wrong with your credit history," he advised.
You're probably a deadbeat, in other words.
What kind of scenario would have made me happy?
"i see mr. q .
We certainly appreciate your business.
Let me check on this and i'll get back to you."
The bank sends you a form letter with an 800 number to find out why you didn't get the loan.
I ended up getting a loan elsewhere with better--that's right, better--terms.
Apparently they have an algorithm that evaluates your record and renders a decision in milliseconds.
That's all i was entitled to.
It wasn't anything personal.
I didn't close my account on principle because it doesn't make any difference to them.
They don't have an algorithm for angry customers.
It would just mean more inconvenience for me.
Any bank will give you the same treatment.
Update: i finally closed my account.
I went with wells fargo.
Not that they're any better.
Wells fargo says their free checking will never change.
I feel good about breaking with b of a because of their shameful conduct in the mortgage meltdown.
They're all about throwing people out of their homes just to secure fraudulent profits.
I urge all yelpers to boycott b of a, an institution that should have failed.
Due to illness i had to take over my parents accounts at nsb.
I stepped right into a big mess and needed guidance and help more than once.
I can't tell you how many times i had to call laura for help.
She always called me right back and went above and beyond to help me through every situation.
She made me feel like  i was her only customer.
I'm so thankful for her and would recommend her branch to anyone looking for that small bank experience.
This is a horrible predatory bank, which primarily markets itself to people with less than perfect credit.
In my opinion this is intentional.
Their personnel and branch level management don't stay very long and this high turnover level can be a problem.
Their knowledge of bank policy tends to be very sketchy.
They also tend to be very young and less than business-like and professional in their handling of customers and procedures.
I do not recommend them to anyone.
Find a solid reputable bank for this can have a very negative impact on your financial condition.
For some reason national bank of arizona is showing up in two places on yelp.
See my other review for them which explains in great detail why a one-star review is generous for them.
Avoid these people at all costs.
Had a great experience at this branch last week.
They offered me a great deal on my auto loan  refinancing.
Went from 7.75% to 2.49% so i will be saving $$.
Thank you ron, dina & amber.
You guys are the best !!
Absolutely the worst experience at a gentlemen's club ever.
Never in my life have i encountered such egotistical disrespect from someone in the hospitality industry.
Awesome laundry attendant, shana was very helpful and courteous.
They laundry area was very clean
Came back here with my boyfriend last week after  like 7 months break and it is still solid 5 stars.
We had drinks and dances and everybody was nice from the staff to the girls.
I'm an ex entertainer and definitely know what is good and what is bad.
Always have a great time here and bring friends.
Working with david taylor from pinnacle mortgage solutions was a great experience.
Very satisfied with david's service and will be recommending him to friends and family.
Brittni who works there is horrible!
Pissy attitude won't get you far in life dear!
The young manager couldn't have been any worse!
They stuttered so much looked like no one knew how to do their job well.
Horrible, mean & rude!!!
Such sucky service there!
This has been the worse experience i have had in my life.
I had a key equity line of credit and had a 0 balance for several months.
They told me the account was closed and the release of lien done on july 10, 2017.
My attorney is now handling this.
They should be shut down!!
We have had brad dunlap for over 20 plus years.
Been throught a storm that tore some roof off.
And many other incurance need.besides personal caring attentive service!
We recieved clames, money, help.
Paid withing 48 hrs.never!
Have had bad service.
He has and his staff are always prompt.to help!
I have referd all friends and family over the years.best agent we have ever!!
We live at other end of town...and he drives to our house to service our needs.above and beyond!!
Look forwrd to many more years!!
Ok, so how do you give a review of a bank, let alone a good one?
Perhaps this should become another one of those.
"oh why don't you go and bank yourself" or "i got totally bank-faced last night!"
Words that all lead you in the direction of a great night ahead!
This is a new bank, clean and simple, chock full of young and keen staff.
The attitude is similar to being greeted at an earls or a beach hotel somewhere warmer than calgary.
They have an open door policy with their account managers so there generally isn't a need to book ahead.
The tellers are mostly keen to be there and the account managers always have a smile on their face!
Oh, and the best news... they are open late and they are open saturdays!!!
If you live or work in the beltline, it's time to change banks!
This is by far the best laundramat that i have ever been to.
I use them exclusively for their wash and fold service.
This is typically done with a four hour guarantee, and they are open 24 hours a day.
Keon jay, who works behind the counter, always takes good care of me.
He and the rest of the staff will wash your clothes according to your preferences.
This establishment also offers self service laundry machines and dry cleaning.
In my opinion, the parking lot can be a shady place (e.g.
But i consider it worth going to this shopping center because this laundramat is so good.
I have been a member of this credit union for 36 years.
I recently joined usaa as they have some amazing benefits.
Thank you for showing me that i don't matter and that my banking would be better taken somewhere else.
And i have tried calling mandi at member retention, but she has not returned my call.
Edited: spoken to, but not remedied.
Janet moody vp is not member oriented.
Shana gave awesome service!
She is great i hope management sees this!
The laundromat is very clean and i like the free soap helps alot
The building was renovated a few years ago and now has a very modern looking exterior.
There is one drive though atm, one on the side of the building and one inside.
This wells fargo is very large, but is almost always busy.
The flamingo branch is my regular banking location.
Ive been banking with onenevada since 2013 and only recommend them to....everyone.
Reasonable rates, easy free online access and allpoint atms are what keep me banking here.
Did i mention boa?
Evil, just plain evil.
Hope someone reads prior reviews and will do their job to straighten this branch.
Esteban who works at night has the place has it very clean.
Very friendly and has the best customer service ever.
It's by far the best place ever.
Cindy was very helpful and had a lot of patience assisting my parents and i!
I recommend this branch very much!
Only used the atm so i didn't interact with anyone.
The machine gave me the money i needed so i was more the pleased!
Always a good experience at chase!
I went in too many time and i still brought one.
Never going back to this one again !
I have never been to a bank where they work thru the line so quickly.
The tellers are friendly and effective.
There is always a candy bowl filled with something good.
Live it up, you are in las vegas for cryin' out loud!
I've been a member of the credit union since i started working in the health care profession.
The service is beyond friendly and the staff is always attentive and eager to help.
The only gripe i have about the credit union is well... thats its a credit union !
I know that sounds kind of crazy but i miss some of the conveniences you have with a larger bank.
Ohhh, and the dividends don't hurt either !
Not only for convenience but for fraud protection too .
The older the atm the easier it is to hack !
Please get a new atm so i can give you a higher star rating !
I have been with west star for five years now.
I use the valley view branch.
The first four years they were great.
The tellers and the management always very friendly and helpful.
I loved it there.
The new management is unfriendly and unhelpful and actually act like they resent having to deal with their customers.
Twice now they have cheated me out of money by charging false nsf fees.
They reorganize the dates of payments to suit themselves just so they can charge you fees.
I feel like this bank is stealing from me.
They withheld large payments submitted on the 30th, paid out smaller payments that were made on the first.
Then charged nsf fees on the big payments even after i transferred money.
Twice i have called the bank and the girl was rude.
I have been in to see the bank manager but is conveniently never there and never calls back.
Disputes go unrecognized and no one follows up or communicates.
Stay away from this bank if you value your hard earned money.
I'll be closing all my accounts and credit cards first thing in the morning.
Teller withdraws the money and says it's closed on my end but i need to see a banker or call.
Instead of waiting in line to see another person i leave and call the bank.
They turn around and tell me they can't close it till tuesday.
Went in on a saturday.
Which they failed to report to the through the threw credit bureaus.
They have absolutely no customer service and even coming from the "director of operations".
Sad enough to say i have closed all my accounts with them and regret ever banking here!
Stay away from this horrible credit union and their horrible customer service!
Worse service you can get.
Please stay away from this bank specially this branch.
You can't get a hold of anyone ever.
I left several messages and no one ever bothered to get back to me.
Worse experience for short amount of time.
This bank has plenty of parking but is difficult to get to because of the divided road.
I like this boa because it has more parking than most any other.
Especially with spots right near the front door.
The people working here are by far the friendliest i have ever encountered.
They make polite comments and sometimes a good joke.
The kind of people you wouldn't mind running into at a bar and saying "hi."
I call them satms because i feel like i am using a skype atm.
That is fair but i was trying to get rid of all my change.
They do take canadian bills.
Customer service is not helpful.
Money in the account and the card was declined.
Called customer service to find out what block was on the account or what transactions needed to be verified.
Welcome to perpetual distress and no usable debit card.
45 minutes = frustration and still no answer.
I love navy federal.
I have had accounts with other banks, and nfcu is by far the best.
They have great customer service and have helped me out with any financial issues.
I went in today to get approved for a loan to consolidate everything.
It took a lot of work and time, but jessica cadenas helped me out, which is greatly appreciated!!
I introduced my husband to them, and he loves it as well.
Definitely use this branch.
Great service, great people.
Also can't beat their interest rates for loans.
This is the worst run bank i've ever been to.
Their site says 8 am, they don't open until 9.
I get here at 9 to withdraw $140, i'm here for 35 min.
They have one teller running inside and drive through.
I feel like i'm in an episode of seinfeld.
It is a bank and it is the main branch.
The main floor has over 10 banking service counters.
Why don't they install the indication light so as to make the service more efficient?
This location is a bit confusing when you walk inside.
In front of you is a waiting area, to the right, are personal banker offices.
If you walk towards the left there is a hallway you must go down to get to the actual tellers.
The staff is very helpful, kind, and warm.
I love bank of america products and services.
Then when i go inside to sort it out they have conveniently closed what kind of service is that shit.
I'm so pissed off thankfully i print the receipt every time.
Very personable and very willing to help me in all areas of banking and credit repair.
I, hands down will recommend this bank to all my friends and family
I went to this club on my last visit to vegas,i had to pay $30 cover.
Place was kinda busy.
Major dissapointment is no girl approached me to try getting a lapdance.
Thats the reason i come to strip clubs.
I was there alone.
I tipped hot blonde with huge boobs a $20, she was really shocked that tipped a $20.
Thats normal at the clubs i go to in california.
There girls there don't even bat an eye.
But thats because they sell lap dances there.
But in the end it was mildly entertaining seeing girls pinch each others ass & tits.
But then i left.
Golden bear capital is a great company to work this.
The staff was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions.
Mr schneider was also great to work with.
I have a love/hate relationship with this branch.
Cheap place to wash. wifi works fine.
A lot of machines so there's always room to grab a machine and wash your dirty clothes.
The attendant at the counter is very friendly and helped when needed.
Vince helped me out and did a awesome job   very professional and courteous   exceptional service
Don't waste your time!
They charge outlandish fees!
They can't do that and you have to wait four days!
I have used credit unions all over the us and never heard of anything as stupid as this credit union.
We will definitely never be back!
They talked us into staying last time but this is it!
We are done here!
Beware of this bank!
Stopped by atm and it despensed $500 in tens!
What was i suppose to do with all of that?!?
I moved here 2 months ago and deposited my house escrow check in this bank.
Omg it was one nightmare after another they kept stopping my atm card with a large balance.
They said "for my protection".
All i needed protection from was them.
This bank should be shut down.
Fun place and ricky rae is awesome.
As well as mellissa our server
Again, making more money off the customer.
There is a huntington bank commercial that pokes fun at another bank that charges tons of fee's.
I so want to pin a key bank name tag.
I don't know if this bank is under staffed but only one personal banker in this huge facility is ridiculous?
I had come in to close and open different bank account that b of a had set up on accident....
The bank is empty and there's only one person taking care of everything with a cue of about 6 people!
Pretty ridiculous.... and thank you for the ridiculous wait time of 40 minutes to see the only personal banker.
My wife has this bank because everyone at her work said its a good bank.
But i notice so many inconvenience.
Which is almost $40.
Adds up to all the purchases.
I could use that money for gas.
Don't waste your time with this bank.
It ain't worth the time and money.
Been with these guys for over 10 years and have also had wells & bofa-weststar tops them all!
Interest rates are low, great customer service and they don't cut off a limb if you ever have an incident!
The branches are always clean, you're in and out on all banking errands, no craziness.
Very helpful employees and awesome interest rates on car loans!
They have bankers who actually ask questions and help you.
This credit union isn't just about making money, they're about helping you.
Only use boa for our business and so far so good.
Tellers all seem very nice and welcoming.
Lately the atm hasn't been working.
I have to go inside and wait in order to withdraw money.
The teller told me the atm is  old and something inside is worn out.
She also said they don't plan to replace it.
What kind of business would not maintain and/or replace worn-out equipment.
It may sound like a small issue but it's frustrating that they just let the problem go on and on..
It says something very negative about the organization.
I hate to switch but i probably will, because this is the closest atm and it's not even that close!
This has been one of my banks for about 5 years.
The hours and days open has been cut back, but it doesn't affect me.
The lobby is great, and rarely is there a line.
When there is a wait the tellers are quick to thank you for waiting.
The number of branches they have has gone down to one or two in vegas.
Their customer service is non-existent.
Kellianne is the bomb.
I came in from california, realized i forgot to do my laundry.
Kellianne to the rescue!!
Quick, i used the "beast" $6.50 machine.
Glad i found this place.
What a relief not having detergent, what do ya know with the $6.50 wash comes "free deteregent"!!
We do all our banking with desert schools and have been very pleased.
On july 25 we switched our auto loans there so we can have everything with them.
He kept following up with me everyday to make sure all was right and ready.
So now we don't have to mail her payment anymore and can do everything on line with desert schools.
He has a great personality and a joy to work with.
We have been with desert schools since we've moved here and been very happy with the service of this branch.
Super efficient, friendly spot.
Free coffee to boot.
Stopped in over lunch to wire funds in escrow and was in-and-out in less than 10 minutes.
I went to this branch to change my name.
The lady who helped me was extremely abrasive and rushed through the process.
I called the branch to try to get them to fix it, and they had no solutions.
Terrible customer service, complete lack of intelligence for solving problems.
I was so frustrated with them i closed my account.
The drive thru atm doesn't take cash deposits 80% of the time!
I am considering changing banks because of this reason.
Every time i want to access my account on line, i have a problem signing in.
Thank god i don't have an account here, leslie was very rude an not helpful at all.
I will never consider an account with us bank.
Never go to this credit union.
They work with payday loan companies!!!!
They are out to get you...they have their own rules and do not work for the client!!!!!
Avoid headache and stress because credit unions are payday loan lenders and will rip off the consumer !!!
We get into financial emergency and have no choice but to get payday loans.
I'm so upset and furious !!!!
Please be careful !!!!
Nobody wants to wait in long lines.
Wish i could use the atm or phone deposit but company i work for does not have available.
; (  they reduced staff to 2 tellers, but i counted 4 people to sell you stuff.
As a business person, i just want to make company deposit and get out.
The business line was  also removed.
Going to make a bofa deposit is the worst part of my day and wastes so much of my time.
I sure hope this is not a b of a trend or  maybe they are just phasing out the branch.
Terrible service, slow moving lines with numerous employees standing around.
Don't bother banking here- you will hate it!
Brad has handled my insurance for over 10 years.
I know him, i trust him, and have recommended him to my friends and family.
I opened both checking and savings account online using their website.
It took about ten minutes for me to answer a few questions regarding my income, and i was approved.
According to the representative, i had ten days to add funds to both accounts.
Good thing i had the money or both accounts would have closed down.
I didn't have to wait too long for someone to help me.
Linda provided a business card in case if i have any more questions or issues.
I do appreciate everything that linda did for me.
It is a great place to wash your cloth on the road.
The price is much better than hotel.
It is a super busy place, but the people are still very nice and do their best to help.
I'd have to agree with jane!
I've been to dozens of bank of america locations, but this one has the best service by far.
This is by far the best strip club i have ever been to.
The club is huge, plenty of seating for everyone and good amount of seating up near stage.
The lighting was gental, the environment clean and tidy and the seating was very comfy.
The stage was smallish but the ladies put on a great show for all to see.
I remember i tipped very conservetively and that day and what i got out of it was a great experience.
I had my face planted in boobage so much that day it was wow.
Plus it was great to see how the ladies showed their gratitude towards the lesbians in the crowd.
The two of them interacting was a show all by it self.
Sure i was asked many times by the ladies to go to the back rooms but i had to decline.
When i did they were very polite about it.
There were adult store out front too, but i didnt go in.
I wasted 30 bucks that way but i think that was well spent anyway.
I loved banking here.. now they have put a crazy shared branching policy that nobody has heard of!
Tall cute boy with dimples david was sooo helpful.
Great customer service he is a keeper!!?
When i went in to open my new accounts i was assisted by the branch manager.
Not only was she knowledgable on the different options i could select she was very friendly.
She greeted every person that walked in the door with a smile and a welcome.
I'm glad i selected this branch to bank with.
My complaint is about brian fisher.
I call every month and do this and provide the act # for the joint checking.
I gave him my password for my account # but he refused to help me.
Isn't the point of a joint account so that we don't have to do that?
He was extremely rude and would not take my password that i set up.
This was the first time i ever had this experience in the year 1/2-2 years that i have been calling.
His horrible customer service makes me want to leave your bank & move my loans to other financial institutions.
(which we have already considered doing in the past because of horrible customer service).
She was the best this location could have had!
My password verified who i was, so there was no reason he needed my husbands password.
There was no reason to ask for my husbands info.
In addition to this, this location is so incompetent.
(wf offered us 5% but we knew we could get less).
Well after we submitted an application they kept calling us about buying a new car.
We kept telling them it was a re-finance.
They then said we would have to pay $1000 to re-finance.
Nope sorry that is about the $ we would save by changing so what's the point?!
Guess we will stick with wells fargo on that one.
We are ready to leave this credit union for good!
Here for a large business meeting and needed to find a clean, well-managed place in a safe neighborhood.
I found that and more with 24-hour twain.
Good machines, clean bathroom and well-stocked with detergent, etc.
Eddie and shana are super nice people and helped me out to make it all easy.
Steve b - nyc
She followed through to ensure my purchase was taken care of before going on vacation the very next day.
Also, they offered me the best interest rate compared to the other banks wanting my business.
I would say if you are looking to purchase a new car, give misty a call!
Thank you so much misty for all of your help :)
Staying as a guest for a week on business at the orleans, i needed a laundromat at night.
The hotel sent us to a ghetto neighborhood originally in which we were approached by thugs asking for money.
We searched online and found this laundromat.
The attendant, claudia, was super friendly.
Clean facility, safe neighborhood and great service.
They bought national city bank and service completely went in toilet.
Treat you like they are doing you a favor dealing with you
To top it off the man working didn't speak a lick of english and asked me if i spoke spanish!?
I'm like thinking to myself  uh your the employee you should know english and spanish?
I was so frightened i jumped in my car and yelped another location on maryland wayyyyyyyyyy better and safe feeling!
Avoid this place unless your a pimp bum crackhead prostitute yourself!
The vibe is laid back and fun.
Doing inversions is really really hard!
And those spins aren't as easy as they look either.
5 stars all the way
We went for a bachelor party on a saturday.
But with me who had never been to a stop club before, i wasn't sure want to expect.
Especially since i really don't care for the idea of it.
I was very pleasantly surprised.
Starting out slow and getting the hookah service was a great way to start.
Some of the dancers really hit the spot, and some were average.
But with the variaty of girls that showed up, there was someone for everyone.
Most importantly though our waitress, suzette really made the night.
She made sure to check in on us regularly, never let our drinks run dry and was amazingly nice.
And that's what really made the difference.
I only spent $100 for 4 hours at the club including limo ride there and back.
The $1.75 machine took $4 before it started and the attendant said there was nothing she could do to help.
My inital experience with lv finance went pretty well.
The process was quick and painless.
The loan terms were pretty straightforward too.
Well i've been making payments for a few mos on my acct no prob at all.
I enjoyed being able to just call in and pay.
Well i've been out on maternity leave, still making payments of course, but i just returned to work.
This week was the 1st payment i couldn't make.
I told them i would be making both payments plus the late fee my upcoming paycheck.
I actually called just to let them know.
Well the manager scott felt the unprofessional aching need to express his rude comments!
Scott replies "well you know what if you don't care, then i don't care it's your credit not mine".
"well you definitely won't be loaning with us again, you've certainly shut that door on yourself".
Why thank you scott.
Thank you for the awesome customer service!
Thank you for showing me that you appreciate my business & loyalty as a consumer.
Literally one of the worst banks i have ever dealt with.
I get charged completely outrageous fees and customer service is completely a joke.
It's like they feel like they are doing you a favor
I receive non stop mail from state farm particularly this office and agent.
I wouldn't do business with them if they were the last insurance agency on earth.
This bank is terrible.
Although the employees are nice the bank itself is horrible.
I was majorly screwed over by them and they reported me to chex systems falsely.
I fought with them for weeks and received zero customer service or correspondence.
Still dealing with an issue they caused.
Never use us bank for anything.
I love this one nevada location.
Awesome awesome customer service
My wife and i banked at b of a for years.
Then we noticed that they were getting bigger and bigger and dipping their fingers in all different kinds of enterprises.
It reminded us of that movie "the international" from a few years back.
We grew disgusted with everything that they stood for.
Which is why we started banking with desert schools.
Switching all of our direct deposits and auto-debits was actually easier than i thought.
Desert schools has also made some technological strides even in the few years that we've been banking with them.
They have a great mobile app and their atms accept the envelope-free cash and check deposits.
I initially thought it was fraud, so i called desert schools to inform them.
I would not recommend this bank to anyone and would highly suggest anyone using them find another banking partner.
Having dealt with hundreds of banks over the years, i have never encountered such a horrible experience on all sides.
I just told her that i knew they are a scam and to stop harassing our people and hung up.
Came into the branch for a signature verification service.
She planned to leave the office in the next hour, but i could return on 9a monday.
Returned on monday with the requested documents only to be told the service was only available by appointment.
They checked her schedule and she wasn't to working.
Just moved into the area so i think i found my new branch of choice!
Not only was the entry free but so was the limo ride.
We then were seated by derrick, he got us the best seat in the house!
We spoke with matty and he gave us an awesome deal!
Brianna set our table up and even poured our cocktails!
They have a huge variety of dancers, our favorite was love.
Her stage show was amazing.
We had such a memorable time we will definitely be coming back!
Brianna was amazing and we'll never forget her beautiful smile.
Thank you so much for a great night!
Mixed reviews on this.
They're always very busy and understaffed every time i go into this branch.
I've waited at least 10 to 12 minutes each time i've been in there.
Staff isn't as welcoming as other branch employees.
Even standing in the merchant line i still had a very long wait.
They do not assist you with filling out your deposit slip as other branches do.
Parking is minimal and inconvenience.
I don't care for this branch and have chosen to take my business elsewhere.
I had the opportunity to meet with scott today.
He was professional to say the least.
So courteous, nice and sweet yet made me feel like i was at home.
I'm glad i chose this company to go to for a loan.
He was so very helpful and went above and beyond is call of duty of customer service thanks again scott
Chase bank stole $11,000 dollars from me on one occasion and 1,500 dollars from quickpay!!!
I used their merchant services (paymentech) for all online transactions on our websites.
They refuse to give me a reason for this and none of my bankers can get an answer either.
Bank of america is blaming chase and chase is blaming bank of america.
If you bank with chase, run for the hills!
Close by the strip.
Pack light so you can fill up yr suitcase with all your shopping delights!!
Thank you ana for being so helpful.
Love the added bonus of 9 mins of free dryer time with check in.
I regularly frequent this branch and absolutely love it.
I highly recommend the bank and this branch!
I found this laundromat on yelp.
I drove to the laundromat wasn't that far away.
Inside was amazingly huge.
Clean orderly and not busy at all.
This was a saturday morning at 7:30 am.
I will definitely remember this place the next time i'm in las vegas.
Horrible... only 2 working non-commercial tellers on a saturday?
Waited 30 minutes to just make a simple cash deposit.
Before i even took the money & completed slip out of my purse and "what's this for?
Your landlord or something?"
Is this any of your business???
I've had similar experiences at 3 other b of a locations, but not to this degree.
I wouldn't bring my accounts here if it was the last bank standing.
I've been with nsb bank for a very long time.
No bounced checks or overdrafts, i'm considered a good customer.
I was trying to deposit an insurance payout (a death benefit) which means i'm dealing with some grief.
They couldn't blow me off quickly enough.
Mind you this check isn't for a lot of money.
I use branches on all sides of town.
I called the lake mead branch instead of running over there.
I explained to her i have all the documents she mentioned.
She could/would not help so i asked to speak to the manager.
She should have said bring your documents and i'll gladly deal with our legal dept.
But she was less than enthusiastic and again couldn't blow me off quickly enough.
After decades with them i'll be looking for another financial institution.
It's called customer service and it doesn't involve a team of lawyers.
I contacted the ins.
Company and told the ins.
Dealing with checks is their business.
You'll notice the "i'm better than you and don't have time for this" attitudes.
The 800 customer service rep. heidi was the most helpful.
My entire family has banked with them for decades but this was the last straw for me.
You'll also be charged a high monthly fee for not maintaining a fairly hefty balance in your checking account.
Nsb is a fossil from the dark ages.
The ladies are nice and not snobbish.
Wish i would've went to rapid cash before the other stupid loan place i went to.
I'm not sure how long this location has been open - we were visiting from out of town....
There was also a chase kiosk in the plaza in front of it.
This is behind/next to the pf chang's on mill.
We took a left turn and saw a huge parking lot behind this chase building and drove into it.
We figured we were safe parking here to go to the bank.
I waited in the car as my boyfriend left to do his banking.
He was gone a while and i figured he was doing his chase business.
He apparently had to climb over a tall fence to get back into the parking lot.
He rushed back to the car after being gone nearly 15 minutes.
We had apparently a 15 minute grace period to get out of the dumb chase garage before being charged.
Had a such a great time w/tracy...
Took pole dancing classes w/ our bacrolette party and we had a blast!!!!...
Tracy was patient and embraced us all..
Even us curvy  girls....most definitely will be back!!
She walked me through step by step on the process of how to handle my account.
All in all linda was a perfect example of someone providing excellent customer service.
I came in to close my account months ago and they never did.
Then i was charged overdraft fees because of monthly service fees.
The second time i went in to close it, i asked more than once if it was a done deal.
The gentleman said " it will be by the end of the business day".
The account still was not closed.
Third time i came back in, i demanded a manager.
This is the td branch that my family goes to for our financial needs.
It's a pretty large branch and offers a whole suite of financial products.
The tellers have always been very nice to us, i guess they know us by face now.
I've had mixed experiences with the advisers though.
She even called me to follow-up!
I ended up leaving midway through our session because of the time constraint.
As a result, i ended up losing some money.
The error wasn't even caught until i followed up a while after.
I wasn't too happy with the way the branch staff handled that situation.
The staff does act superior at times.
It's a big branch so my mixed experiences could be a lot worse.
Carlos used to keep on top of all the machines and their issues.
He could stop them and reset them.
Not all the machines get hot water.
Carlos knew how to make the hot water go in.
The girls are nice and if you complain they will give you money to wash again.
I'm picky about laundry though.
The people that work there are super nice, and they're always cleaning.
With the volume of people in and out of there, they do a good job.
Shana was so helpful and sweet!
Very calm presence and would immediately help and address any of my questions.
During my time here, i watched her interact with all the customers with a smile and promptness.
I was thoroughly impressed with her ability to manage the laundromat by herself throughout the rush of customers.
Although the laundromat is not brand spanking new, it feels safe and clean and no mildew smell.
Thanks x 1000 girl, coming back to this laundromat next vegas trip.
My compass visa acct is such a nightmare to me.
Also, instead of for life, now it says the duration is only for 99 months.
I called and the phone rep admitted the error but it would require two(2) months to rectify the error.
Iwo, the company never bothered to update the online info.
So now, i don't know if i should make another payment.
This bank must have hired  the absolute lowest efficient workers..............it is amazing!
I'd like to give a big thank you to julio t. at this boa location.
My girlfriend was having problems with an unnamed but nearby competing bank that has been treating her poorly.
Julio is very knowledgeable about many of boa products and services.
We got everything we needed done in a quick and efficient manner.
Julio could not have been nicer.
If your tired of crap from wells fargo (oops) come over to boa.
Best customer service you'll find at a financial institution!!
Everyone is especially helpful, friendly, kind, patient and professional!
Love this credit union!
Everyone is very friendly and helpful.
Of course, they're a credit union so their fees are minimal.
After being asked 100 and 1 questions the branch manager finally went thru on closing the accounts.
Dont just dont use these people!
They informed me that if someone had my my account numbers the limit didn't apply.
I live by tivoli village and i have only dealt with their branch on flamingo & fort apache.
Their main branch is over 30 minutes away, i've never been there!
They also informed that it could also effect my husband's credit as he is an authorized user on the account.
Thats really funny, im not married!
Good, please close my accounts!!!
Now i'm aware the teller took it upon herself to make him an authorized user on my account.
I left a lot of voicemails and that was that.
Only use the atm, atm is always stocked, clean, no graffiti or scratches, plus it's convenient.
You can drive up anytime, open 24 hours.
I can only speak for the tailoring service, so take that into consideration on this review.
I brought in two pairs of slacks and a dress for mending on a friday afternoon.
That's a quick turnaround, nice!
I've waited to review because i wanted to see how the mending held up to wearing and washing.
All i can say is high-five!
I'll be heading back for my tailoring needs.
It was really easy and fast!
I bought a monkey lunch bag for my brother.
Have never been accosted at the door by an over-eager banker (?)
Before, trying to"introduce me to me wells fargo services".
Inconvenient location, very cramped and busy parking lot.
They are super cheap, and worth the smiles)
Not the most convenient!
The girls here all seem to be going to college, very ambitious along with being very attractive and young.
But, i can deal with that.
The drinks are expensive, so save your money and give it to the girls.
You're investing it in the future of our country.
I'm not sure when exactly they went topless but the alcohol is always a bonus.
I first found out about pinnacle mortgage solutions on the bankrate website.
From then on, smooth sailing; just necessary documents being requested and sent.
Dave is very prompt in answering questions via phone/email.
The best part of the whole experience, of course, was the rock bottom settlement charges for a loan over $400k.
In short, low key, and the best price.
Nothing like getting taken advantage of and shit talked the whole time.
0/5 would not go back.
And the service woman and manager were the worst.
I really cant believe how bad the customer service is here.
I am usually here for a week and i come in all 7 days for her .
She is not only beautiful but also very honest and sweet .
She is not pushy at all.
I  can not wait for my next trip to go in and see erin.
I work in the customer service industry and i know bad service when i see it.
I waited about an hour to get help with a banker.
Luckily christian helped us and he was the only one acknowledging us.
The other bankers wouldn't even look over to us in the waiting area.
The other bankers were also very rude and didn't want to even greet us even though we're just standing there.
Like i mentioned christian was great.
But i'll never be coming back to this bank.
The staff is always professional and courteous.
I have used both their fluff and fold and dry cleaning services and have never had one.
Services are completed in a timely manner and at a great price.
Plus you can't beat the 24 hour service!
My "go to" branch because they are open late until 7 and also on weekends!
Soooo i just walked in here ... a guy sitting in his desk ... cervantes doing absolutely nothing ...
It shouldn't be this difficult to find out why they haven't withdrawn my car payment.
Was excited to visit a club in vegas and seemed like a good choice because of the $2 drink specials.
...not one girl approached us after this lapdance and we were there about 4 hours.
For a club that advertises they welcome couples, we sure werent treated like we were welcome.
Half the girls were with customers and the other half just standing at the bar or with eachother talking.
Usually in clubs we see managers making rounds checking on people and i felt there was a lack of that.
Even inside the club if that doesnt happen i expected something when we left but not a word.
While i have had some helpful service representatives from this place...i swear i have the worst issues with my account.
The point of the credit union switch was that they would be better with service and more for the customer.
The most recent thing over this weekend is that i, as usual made my paycheck deposit on friday.
It is the holidays people have shopping to do, and gas to put in their tanks, and even holiday traveling.
I have never had this issue with my paycheck before being clearly processed but still showing pending!
I was under the impression the first $100 of every check had to be released regardless, per federal law.
Now my account transactions and bill pays have gone haywire!
Epitome of "banker's hours!"
I had a very straightforward refinance with excellent credit and a loan amount less than 60% of the appraised value.
To my mind, this situation is about as easy as it gets.
Pinnacle quoted me the best rates by nearly a percentage point and the closing costs were rock bottom.
As other reviewers have said, he responded to emails promptly and everything went off without a hitch.
Pinnacle will not actually be servicing my loan, so it is yet to be seen how well that goes.
Hopefully it also goes well.
I was with a group of about 15, age ranging from about 18-25.
(never pay for strip clubs in vegas!
We were swooped up by the club's limo at our hotel.
The limo couldn't fit us all so it had to make two rounds.
When we first got there we just chilled in their adult store.
The store looked like a ghetto shop.
I know i wouldn't want to stick anything from there in the vajay, their shit looked used and abused!
Finally, after waiting 30 minutes, the rest of our group joined us.
We entered and you had to pay a $10 bar fee charge which was ridiculous!
The club wasn't too janky, it was cool.
We obviously said yes and we sat in this cushiony section in the back of the club.
While waiting, i notice a little menu on our private stripper stage and it said "v.i.p section!
Blah blah, blah blah, some more blah, and 3 bottles of non-alcoholic champagne!"
Bitches jipped us hard!
So we pretty much payed an extra $50 for useless apple cider!
This lady was vicious looking, straight from 8 mile.
Her skinny body makes it seem like she doesn't eat!
But i had to give it to her because she was nice.. the only one giving us attention.
(probably because no one else wants her but whatever.)
There were $1 lap dances and this girl went in circles.
(note to the wise, don't put money in your mouth, it was probably in someone's vajay.)
Boys obviously said "damn!!"
I really didn't want that std dancing machine anywhere near me!
I wasn't trying to get her infected vaginal fluids all up on my pants, even if my pants were cheap!
But i got to admit, it was pretty fun and funny.
After a while separated and went to other individual stages.
Some girls were really good, while others seemed like they couldn't wait for the song to be over!
Strippers can be really rude if we didn't drop anything, but she should've blamed her lack of exotic dancing techniques.
=d and i must say, it was pretty darn sexy.
After she was dancing, this girl went around the table on her hands and knees, literally.
(collecting her dollars on the floor) and started asking us for tips!
Overall if you're trying to go and get all horny, it'll probably be just alright.
But if you're looking for a fun memorable experience with friends, it's good.
They now charge a monthly membership fee.
Goodbye afcu and hello desert schools!
Worst bank/cu i've ever used.
They're just crooks trying to rip off hard-working people.
I come to this chase bank about twice a week to deposit checks for the business i work for.
I have always loved the people here and have always had a great experience.
Until this most recent time.
I'm going to try to find a new location all because one teller was rude was disrespectful.
There have been three people who i constantly interact with and have all done the same thing.
It seemed like she was the one who wasn't accommodating and really shouldn't work in an area for customer service.
It's sad that one person can change the entire experience of a place.
You need a new employee.
After some recent changes with our careers, she had stumbled upon cccu through work.
She looked into it and we decided to give it a shot and we couldn't be happier with the results.
The amount of services provided by this credit union is astonishing.
It truly is a one stop shop for all your banking needs and then some.
The best part is, it's all done in house.
What really impressed us was the service we were provided by teller gina and branch manager ron.
Everything was transparent and the process was seamless.
Any questions we had were answered with the utmost detail.
I don't know where to start about these guys except to say chase bank = worst bank ever.
I had no choice become a customer of these crooks because they bought my home loan from another company.
I had no say in the matter.
If i had a choice, chase bank would be my very last choice.
I feel much more like a victim of this horrible company than a customer.
They truly don't care, they make their money off of late fees and tricky practices.
If you're thinking of banking with chase, just don't, they truly suck.
You'll wish you didn't.
I've been using this branch for almost 11 years.
I make cash deposits all of the time.
They want an id to make cash deposits, which i get.
Today i left my wallet in the car.
I've been banking there for eleven years!
You figure i could get a pass one time for not having my id for a cash deposit.
On top of that ...
They made me to go wf for my sba loan years ago.
And one time they charged me $1 to get a roll of quarters.
I'm so over chase.
This "company" is tricky.
They are in the business of making money for themselves and they are good at it.
They will say things to get you to believe that they are first data, (your processor) but they are not.
Just say no and save yourself time and money.
The wonderful lady that help me open my new account she was witty and quick, i honestly enjoyed my visit.
I had a great experience so i believe people have just had them on their bad days.
This location does not care about customer service.
I don't know why i have not switched to bank of america yet.
If you're looking for a new bank.
I have had an incredible experience with cccu.
Evan pierce, the loan officer that helped me with my auto loan, was absolutely amazing.
I submitted an online application and he called me less than 5 minutes later to start finalizing the loan.
Evan was very communicative and understanding throughout the entire process.
He got all of the paperwork together that i needed to sign and called me when it was ready.
It only took 10 minutes to sign my loan documents and get the check.
Travis helped me open my savings account to become a member, and he was also wonderful!
Overall, i've had a great experience with cccu and i highly recommend them for their rates and customer service.
I'm glad to see one nevada reads the reviews, i would like to see a reply of my review.
I've been a member for six years.
I needed to replace my car with a used car.
The purchase price was $6,000 and i was putting down $2,000.
On their denial letter it mentioned my 790 fico score.
So i applied on line to capital one, they approved a $30,000 auto loan, which i didn't use.
After this experience i had with one nevada i withdrew $5,000+ from my savings & checking accounts.
Now they have $5.01 in my savings & $11 in my checking, which to loan you.
I've been with them for 15+ years and never had any problems until now.
With their new upgraded computer system, i can not get into my account on a regular basis.
Today, i found out their collections department department cashed my cd of $20,000 bec.
I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan i had with them without my permission!!
Tomorrow, i will be pulling out the rest of my cd money bec.
Who knows where else they will decide to put my money.
But honestly, this has more to do with the entire institution as a whole and their fraud department.
The individuals at this location aren't bad, though i have had better customer service experiences at the dmv.
This branch has pretty bad customer service.
I don't know if it's laziness, poor work ethic, or lack of training.
Either way this place was a fail because of their customer service.
I always get special attention because i am a premium plus or something.
I get to avoid lines when i come in if i tell the greater how great i am.
The people here are very friendly, even if they keep forgetting when they last saw me.
I don't want to call anyone out, and it really isn't a big deal.
3:45pm... 13 people in line and one teller... one...
I finally made my way up to the teller when a man got into the merchant line.
Guess what, i'm a merchant too and chose not to cut everyone in line.
Told teller i was next and was not going to wait again.
Had already been 40 minutes.
Holy crap 40 minutes!!!
People behind me were ready to start a revolution here and started hollering at teller.
Manager came over and stared to tell me how her other teller went to lunch... really?
When someone is upset by being mistreated and given terrible service you don't make excuses and don't throw attitude.
It really was not appreciated and did nothing to help this ugly situation.
Explained nicely that her lunch issues should not be my problem and management should rethink their schedules.
Other manager or whatever came and went during this 40 minutes and watched... yawned...
I see from other reviews that this is a constant problem there.
The higher ups really need to address this and start managing their employees better.
West star allowed $500.00 to be taken out of my checking account without my permission.
This transaction started as pending, informed weststar of the error, not even an answer from them.
Poor service, have been member for 25# years, seriously considering where to move my funds.
Branch personnel is wonderful, backup management horrible.
The girl who greeted me at the door said that there weren't enough people working to answer the phone...
There's not enough people to answer the phone?...
Ok, ok, here's a joke... how many bank of america employees does it take to answer a phone...
I will switch credit unions because i do not trust the people through facetime with my account information.
The app is horrible .
Has given me issues since i opened an account .
The app constantly logs me out , leaving me to re register all over again .
It's been almost two years of issues because of the app and website !!
If i can't access my account then there is no point of having one with this bank !
This is the closest branch to where i live so i frequently visit this location.
Like the other reviewers have mentioned there is always a long line-up at this branch.
Most of my transactions can be done through an atm so i just use the ones at the front.
There are only two atm's so sometimes there can be a bit of a line-up as well.
Today was a pleasant visit when my parents and i had some banking to do.
The front desk rep was friendly and made my dad a coffee while we waited.
We had to speak to an advisor so we were asked to wait for a short five minutes.
The advisor helped us with our banking pleasantly and was friendly.
However, when we dropped by another time a student timetable was sufficient to verify our enrolment.
I also really like the td coin machine that every branch now has.
You can get rid of all your coins for free and it goes directly into your bank account.
Also, it's fun dumping all your coins into the machine!
After years of enduring this bank i am finally switching.
Save yourself some time and cross the street to wells fargo
My money was stolen on multiple occasions right out of my account.
They replaced it but geez then it would happen again.
I had to quit using that acct all together.
I still get emails years later now that say you just logged into your account.
I have been a wells fargo customer since 97.
I had not  been to this location before so here is my review.
Employees are pleasant and efficient.
They understand you just want to take care of your banking needs and go.
The teller took approximately 5 minutes to handle my business.
The line took much longer than that.
So my experience gives wf a 3 star rating.
It has that small bank feeling, but has speedy service.
This is really no longer a bank.
They don't want people coming into the bank to do banking.
The bank is now set up as a brokerage office.
They want to help you invest in the stock market, not to deposit money into your checking account.
So this time, so as not to bother them, i decided i would make my deposit through the atm.
The atm took my check, returned my card, and shut down.
I chose to call from the bank.
Of course they couldn't just open the atm and find my check.
A technician would have to be dispatched.
The attitude from the very beginning was "our atm took your deposit and crashed.
So now it's your problem.
So i now have a claim number, and a temporary deposit that will be made in five days.
Meanwhile they  will "investigate" my "claim".
Don't go to bank of america if you're interested in doing banking.
Go there if you want commisioned sales people to advise you on how to invest in their fee-loaded accounts.
The manager aaron was so friendly and helpful, we were in and out within 5 minutes.
If you're looking for a wells fargo this location is definitely worth going out of your way for
Worst place ever i am closing my account!
I've never had more headaches with banking until now with this shit hole!
Very clean and new machines.
A lot less crowded than a few places south.
I like not having to exchange money for a bunch of quarters.
I couldn't get the wifi to work.
It connected, but had no internet.
These people call our office about once every two weeks.
I highly doubt it.
If i could put zero stars i would!
These folks were amazing.
So polite, and only one of many times that i've been in there did i have to wait at all.
It only ended up being 3 minutes, possibly less.
The first time i was in there, i was opening a checking and savings account.
It was a breeze.
She even photocopied and sent some paperwork for me to another branch.
Something that had nothing to do with why i was in there.
That's the extra mile that people want to see.
Another time i came by, was to open an account for my son's birthday.
Being only one one year old, i need to be the one controlling the account.
I didn't have any clue what to do, but the lady helping me was spot on.
She even linked my account to his so i could transfer straight to it.
Thanks a lot oncu.
Jesse just looked like he didn't wanna be there or help anyone.
A nice laid back place especially for locals who don't need the fast paced clubs for a good night.
Ask for mariah she's an angel, amazing dancer both on stage and for personal dances.
Thanks again linda for all the help!
This location is always busy.
The staff is very nice but plan on waiting up to 30 minutes sometimes.
If you're in a rush go somewhere else.
The parking lot is a nightmare- i park in grocery stores parking lot and walk over.
Was really impressed with the staff here, knowledgeable and friendly plus they gave me very competitive rates for their products.
Came into rapid cash and had an amazing experience!!!
Daisy was very helpful in every kind of way.
She was very polite and has a great personality and also very professional.
What great customer service!
Sbga calls me over and over spoofing a local number know for scams
This is by far the worst credit union ever!!
My mother and sister are on a joint account.
There was no late payments on the account and there was no issues with her credit card.
She said ' we are not a bank and that's not how we do business"....wtf!!!
Was there on wed night.
Via was super cool and a body to match.
That girl's a star.
The place and staff were chill and not pushy.
If you want to bank like you're in the 90s this is the place to do it.
I wasn't impressed and we closed the account within a year.
We asked for financing for a couple purchases as well- denied without any good reason.
America first financed our toys and we are very happy with them!
Cleanliness is good but this is an old laundry shop so dont expect hella big washers.
Mostly they're just small some are regulars though dryer is a bit average for its size.
It has a machine for different laundry soap and even laudry bag!
I forgot they have popsicles!
Bill changer is also available!
Security camera is everywhere but i'm hoping it's all working so i give that a  thumbs up!
Laudry machines are superb!
Though you know they're old!
All our clothes were smelling good and dryer was also good!
Here's my concern: though security camera is everywhere, and few people comes here late at night i felt unsecured.
Some homeless were there roaming around, someone did her laundry and the vibe in here is really different.
We're near oakland so it felt like that though its just couple of minutes away from the vegas limelight.
I think this is a good place to have your laundry but not late at night.
*if you're a tourist who wants to do laudry, don't go here late at night just to be sure ok?
It's better to be safe!
Nothing happened to us, everyone was cool that time so i'll give it 3 stars.
Laudry service is 5, place is just 2
Take your money elsewhere
I would suggest finding another bank.
Some disappointments about my experience with keybank: (1) their customer service phone number is only open 8 hrs/day, 5 days/week.
(so they care more about attracting new customers than about treating loyal customers well.)
(3) they make money off of fees, so be pretty careful about that.
(4) keybank doesn't support ach transfers unless you have online banking.
(5) keybank handle renewals of cds in an annoying way.
If you can't conveniently call back in that short time window, sorry, sucks to be you; they don't care.
I tried to make a payment over the phone they dare to charge you $10 a fee.
Bunch of idiots behind the phones.
Worst bank/credit union ever!!
I only wanted to make a cash payment on my husbands auto loan and they wouldn't let me do it.
So lame for declining a payment because he wasn't present.
No other business would do that.
No wonder you guys are going down the drain your customer service sucks!
Not designed to be a walk in friendly bank.
I have been a member of desert schools for over a decade now.
At first it was great.
Now, it's becoming a pain to bank here.
I discovered this on a trip to michigan a few years ago.
I went to check in at my hotel and my card came back declined.
I had plenty of money in my account so i knew it had to be a bank problem.
Now this is what i'm talking about... who would know that?
Then i called back and was finally able to be helped.
You need to tell them where you're going and the exact dates you'll be gone.
As was the case tonight.
The sale ended at midnight and i have no other visa, so desert schools caused me to miss out.
I am not happy about this at all and i think it's time to switch banks.
Even their nsf fees have climbed to match the others ($35).
I only opened an account here because my husband loves credit unions.
If you are looking for convenience, then this bank is not for you.
Simple transactions like paying a bill over the phone is such a hassle.
I hate this bank.
Yes yes and yes.. so duhhhhh switched the accounts that we had.. that is the business side.
Lisa was like a breath of fresh air.
Thank you for the excellent services.
We have a $80,000 auto loan with this company and omg, from day one have had nothing but problems.
Yes the interest rate is great but the lack of professional customer service is lacking from the ground up!
To make a telephone payment on this loan $10.00 fee!!
One late fee (which occurred because they changed their name and my bank wasn't notified) cost me $67.00.
This bank is operating as if its 1960 and in the wild west.
High end customers need not apply!
I wanted to patronize this bank about year ago when i moved her.
The people who bank here seem to enjoy the experience.
I now have a relationship here and i will experience what the service is like.
My 1st impression is this is a credit union stretching to conduct itself as a bank.
The only advice i would share with the bank is customer service.
Everyone is running as lean as possible.
But what makes a company stronger is good customer service.
When someone comes in on a saturday and has an interaction with someone other than the tellers.
Employees should acknowledge and offer assistance.
You can't just focus on the one in front of you.
You have to welcome all who come to you.
Remember they come out of choice not obligation.
The lady who served me was polite just needs basic customer service training.
I need my bank statements for february to complete a short sale.
Here it is the 5th and still no statements?!
Called them up during business hours and was told that it would take 10 days to get to my email.
I have been a good customer with nvfedcu for over 20 yrs, but this just isn't going to cut it.
Not only is this business absolutely affordable, it's so clean!
They're full service too, which is cool.
Free wifi is awesome, nice vending machines, and their ac actually works!
I did feel safe in here at night, which us also tough to find here on the east side.
This is my new laundry spot!
Agree with the review below me.
I've become a regular at this location because of the asst.
So helpful, caring, and always willing to go out of his way to help me and the other clients.
Love the whole branch in general.
Everyone is always in a good mood, greeting me as i walk in and always have smiles on their faces.
Definitely the #1 bank in my opinion.
Rude, rude, rude staff at the rocky river branch.
I ended up taking all my business elsewhere.
I wouldn't recommend .
I would give no stars if i could!
I come back tuesday and there is a sign stating that it is out of service, so i leave again.
Shared branching is not working!"
Not even realizing she was listening in on my conversation!
Please work on your customer service skills!
Had to replace a lost debt card, experience was fast and easy.
Alex is pretty awesome too!
This laundromat was not kept up, dirty, folding tables had spilled things on them.
Vagrants we're constantly walking in and out and walking around the customers.
There were several machines that didn't have out of order signs on them.
I love how this location has 2 24 hour access atm's, one drive up and another walk up.
The line at the drive thru even on fridays around 5pm has never been more than 3 cars long.
Always a pleasant experience.
Well read the other reviews of this bank.
They are not good.
However, i have always had a very good experiance here.
True they are spread out,not too close to where i live or work.
However, you can do a lot on line.
I have been in here several times and always had good customer service.
Maybe i am lucky i never had to deal with mrs.
Torres.....they at this time will give you a $100.00 if you open an acct.
Very much like chase.
I have referred 2 people and they have been happy with there change.
Look into them and give them a try, maybe you too will like it.
I have been a member at this credit union since i was 6 years old.
As an adult, it is the only place i'd prefer to keep my money.
They are very transparent and strait forward during a era of sketchy business practices.
I always think of them as chinese finger traps).
From the guy behind the desk.
They didn't even check the value with anything, it was just "give you $8" not coming here again.
Rude people and it is a total rip off, i would highly recommend not coming here.
I know i won't be coming back.
She wouldn't notice people at the counter when she was at the dryers up front.
Customers had to continually get her attention because she was too busy on the phone.
Not in any way is that professional.
Two girls wrestled in the inflatable pool for about 5 minutes and then that was all for the jello wrestling.
During the jello wrestling, there are no other girls on stage.
After the wrestling, there is 1 girl on stage and the others walking around the club soliciting dances.
The club was not the deja of yesteryear.
I had been there about 4 years ago and it was crazy and much wilder, with way better looking girls.
These girls were nothing to look at with faces for radio.
I didnt want a lap dance from any of them.
Deja was dark, dank and sad.
I wouldnt recommend deja to anyone.
Try another lv club.
There are def enough variety in lv.
The biggest scam ever!
This company use 2 different names to deceive people in order to hid their bad reputation.
They may tell you sbga inc ( small business growth alliance)  but they are the same company as  merchants servicers.
They have 2 locations in irvine, ca and nevada.
They will tell you that they are with firstdata, but don't believe them.
They locked me in 4 years contract .
They told me that i will save 40% on fedex shipments.
That turned out to be a lie too.
They sale/lease a terminal (clover) which owned by firstdata.
I been told " it comes with service " but they are charging me $59.99 a month for clover.
You can buy it for $120 online but in 4 years sbga is going to charge me $2,879.52.
What a rip off.
They told me "we gave you additional $70 discount that covers the lease price" it was a one-time discount.
When i got the first bill i called their customer service.
I'm a very busy person i didn't have time to read all fine prints.
I trusted their rep so i signed it without reading it.
They got me good.
They have about 5 or 6 customer servicer representatives who handle everything from billing to technical support.
Tried to wire money today.
Teller said wait for an officer.
Waited quite a while while two officers sat in their offices and played on their computers.
Finally handed back to a teller.
Ive had one nevada as my bank since my first paycheck.
They only require $5 to open a savings account, have great loan rates and very friendly employees.
They always have a line and one one person working at the counter.
When you speak to the manager they just tell you that they don't have a drawer.
"well uh get one then your the manager".
Management needs to step it up and help out there employees
They have become my life savers ever since i became a member.
They know me as the fueler.
Great people and a great credit union.
Great experience here with ajay.
Incredibly helpful customer service.
Helped resolve all our issues.
Tips:  don't pay cabbie.
Cabbie gets paid by club.
Get coupon book, you can get 10 off 30 cover.
Be aware you have to by one 10 coke.
Place is nice, with strippers that go full nude.
+  the girls keep asking if you want a lap dance.
-  some decent looking girls.
+  i recommending sitting right by stage.
If you don't get a lapdance def sit by the stage.
Some stripper took my friends glasses and put it over her cuka....
I hid my glasses for the rest of the night.
-  i got titty slapped.
+  1st time at stripper club success!
Kierstin did an amazing job today!
Very efficient and attentive.
Resolved my issues without skipping a beat!
Really friendly and great customer service.
Willing to go the extra mile for the customer.
# to the budget traveler: this museum is completely free and wonderful.
I know, at first sight you may think: a money museum!!
Could there be anything more boring!!!
In other words, they are all different.
Some are just standard office building, others grand secure safes.
This one in cleveland is a work of art.
When we first walked in we were treated with the typical security that you expect at a federal reserve.
Although it was not as bad as any airport security.
This was followed by a professional tour that made me notice elements of art and gun shooting (i.e.
Security) stations that i would not have noticed on my own.
This is a great place for kids and adults alike.
I learned a lot.
I made my own money both electronically and with paper and crayon.
I felt like a child again and i was surprised at how fun it was.
And before you leave you get a nice set of souvenirs.
The best one is probably the bag of shredded money.
Been a customer for nearly 20 years.
Was very happy to have a branch closer to home without having to go into walmart.
Have had multiple unpleasant experiences at this office.
Snippy tellers, tellers have out right lied because they were too lazy to help customers.
Needed customer service on a recent visit to discuss investing.
To make a deposit for someone else, they require a drivers license even after saying mine was on file.
Each time you do any transaction, even for someone else, they copy your license.
August 2016 seems nothing has changed.
Even though i'm a member, really?
She then refused to give me my deposit receipt.
She came out to my car to throw it at me.
Found out later her name is shelby.
I find the review below interesting in that they actually reprimanded a teller.
Based on their behavior i wouldn't have thought that ever happened there.
I've been moving my business to another financial institution this year.
Desert schools is getting a small fraction of my business now.
Horrible company and customer service!!
I wanted to change brokers, but could not waste the time since i had to be out.
I kept thinking they would come through and get the paperwork done on time.
This was the worst experience.
My closing date was changed 7 times.
They did not meet the time and did very little to make it happen quickly.
They blamed escrow, lenders and me for not getting their paperwork completed on time.
I gave them all the paperwork they asked for on the day or next day they asked.
I would never recommend or go to these people again.
I gave them my budget at the very beginning and they went over it by $4000.
They do not cover closing costs, they just roll it up in the loan like every other lender.
There is nothing good about this company.
The staff here are unfriendly and don't know what customer service is.
I don't recommend coming here if you don't need to, nor do i recommend switching banks here.
The worst customer service i have ever received at a bank.
I was asking questions n the lady just turned and put her sign n walked away .
I went in there to cash a check i got for my birthday is was only 100 dollars.
I just moved out here and i only have a valid i'd card and about to forms or banks cards.
Which any other bank takes to cash one of there own checks.
They didn't try n even help.
Even a guy who banks there had trouble getting his money like me n him we lost are driver's lic.
I just honestly never had someone say no n not try n help .
I took the bus there with the last bit of my money n since i couldn't cash it .
Thank fully i had someone deposit money into my bank card and i walked to use another banks atm.
That asain lady was terrible i wish i got her name but i was so upset.
Went on a monday night and it was better than expected.
Still great for price n ride.
Good music good hospitality.
Will def go again next time i'm in vegas.
I wish i had read these reviews before completing a loan application with these people.
By far the worst customer service i have ever experienced.
I've dealt with many mortgage companies over the years and the unprofessionalism of brian schmidt was completely unacceptable.
Do not bank with these people, they do not care about their customers at all
Man, what a nightmare.
I've paid off loans with other companies before but never with so much hassle.
But again, the experience of paying it off has been a nightmare.
They cashed my payoff check 4 weeks ago and i still have no ownership documents.
If you are looking for a loan provider, i'd go with another bank.
I've been coming to nsb for years now.
Very nice people work as tellers, at this location.
Nevada state bank itself, i'm starting not to care for.
Unnesicary charges and fee's started in early 2012, without warning.
Other than that small ordeal, my overall experience w/nsb has been pretty nice.
Hense me banking w/them now for 4+ years and counting...
Just happened to end up at this bofa branch after running some errands in this part of las vegas.
Which was great for me, as waiting in line is something most people would prefer to do less of.
This is what all the tellers should be doing, and she did it very well.
But the entire process was quick and efficient, and service was provided by friendly staff.
So easily 4 stars.
If i am in the area and need to step inside a bofa branch, i will definitely pick this one.
Lots of modern front loading washing machines.
Money changers exchange paper money for quarters.
Then the branch manager, ron, met with me personally to ensure i was taken care of.
You just don't get that level of service at most places, let alone banks.
Very friendly attendants working at this laundromat and this place has the added bonus of free laundry soap!
It's busy but there are a lot of machines.
Wish i had this level of service back home!
Used this bail bonds to bail out a loved one.
I just want to express how efficient a hope bail bonds is.
Jim is very professional and personal he makes you feel like he's know you for years.
Matt is also very pleasant to speak with.
The service provided was quick.
The person i had bailed out got a quick release due to this bailbonds.
I would use them for future.
Thanks for making things easy and quick.
Home loan refi: they give you this "conditional loan approval" letter and you think you're nearly home.
Think again, especially if you're foolish enough to pay a fee of nearly $800 for an appraisal of the property.
Once they have you locked in with that payment, the underwriters take over and begin sharpening their knives.
They'll dig and carve into your personal finances so deep you'll think you're having a kidney removed.
The red tape tide never abates.
Avoid b of a and find another lender.
Don't walk to  one nevada run as far away and  as fast as you can!
They made my money completely unavailable .
Pick a bank that you can find across the united states.
But steer clear of the credit  union.
If i could give them a 0 rating i would!
I'm writing this poor review based on the level of satisfaction regarding the mortgage department.
I applied to refinance my home with a va loan,which i've done a few other times at different banks.
I thought this wouldn't be a problem, however i could seldom ever get in touch with him.
When i get up at 7am, it's 10am to him.
If he doesn't pick up then i'm screwed for the day.
Bottom line is, he was unresponsive to calls and emails and.
In the end he couldn't pull through.
I hated every minute of it.
Went on a tuesday night about 12:00am.
Stayed for about an hour.
My bros and i dropped $170 and didn't see one topless girl.
One guy in my party gave each of them a $20 for their time.
They were still pissed.
No one danced on stage.
Place sucked big time...don't waste your time!
This is the worst chase bank.
I wish i had read the reviews befor ever going to this location.
Not a check from another bank.
So i went out an asked the service guy what can we do?
If your thinking about a bank account stay far away cuz you never know when you bummer is gonna come.
This is the worst wells fargo branch i've ever visited, and i've been here many times.
They have more idiotic rules than any other branch.
They make absolutely no effort to be helpful to their customers.
This bank can't accommodate that.
I went to another branch and it was handled in less than a minute.
These people are rules-obsessed idiots.
I've come to despise wells fargo because of them and the hassles they invariably create for me.
I get the girls are there to get paid.
He was an intoxicated 21 year old which i paid you handsomely.
The whole club was in on it.
While in back they were walking him to atm to get more money without my knowledge.
This kid works his ass off and for these women to take almost $1300 from him is a shame.
I almost think he gave them the code and they stole money themselves.
The girls asked him not to tell me, seriously!!
When i saw his bank account i was pissed.
If i could rate a negative 5 stars i would.
What a fucking horrible place .
Ciara is f*****g amazing!!!
She's gorgeous and a total sweetheart!
She made our night so much fun!!
My sisters bought me lap dances for my birthday and we kept going back for ciara.
We were visiting from seattle but i'll definitely include this again next time i'm in vegas!
Had to do laundry while on vacation and found this place on yelp.
The ladies who work here are very helpful and friendly.
It is kept clean and there are tons of washers and dryers.
I began banking with them through the financial guidance center that helps you start up a business.
I could not start the business so i exited the program.
Went to the bank with the proper authorization to withdraw the funds and close the account.
They continued to send me statements in the mail.
After about a year of statements i finally opened one and learned the account was still open and held $200.
I contacted the bank to verify and clarify the situation and they confirmed it was open.
I began making deposits and soon had over $5,000.
I relocated and returned to the bank to close the account.
(get ready)  i was then told i needed an authorization from "fgc".
"fgc" spoke with the manager and confirmed and they still refused to close my account.
I informed them i am a paralegal and will be contacting the consumer financial protection bureau.
I informed the phone person "j doe" that i would be contacting the cfpb after hanging up.
I then asked her who she represented and she stated that she was a direct rep for visa and mastercard.
When i attempted to get her information so that i could confirm this her whole attitude changed.
As i started asking more questions she became extremely hostile.
She later hung up on me.
Steer clear of this company.
It blows my mind someone could be so dishonest and expect to ever do business with me.
Macu is a great credit union to bank with.
They always have great low rates on everything from auto loans to credit cards.
The employees that work there are very friendly and helpful especially connie the branch manager.
My only complaint is that it can take awhile to complete simple tasks.
They always seem to be a little short staffed.
The process to sign up was quick and easy.
Ana was very helpful and patient.
Don't invest with the wealth management branch.
Completely irresponsible, uncommunicative and uncaring.
I wrote to the president of rbc and received no response.
After a 10 year relationship i would have hoped for more.
There are better places to invest with.
Shana was very nice and place is clean and kept up with.
She does a giod job for being alone in a 24hr laundry mat.
Thank you for your service here in the neighboring laundromat.
I've been on hold for over an hour now.
How about figure out your customer support.
A bunch of idiots here.
I'm going back to chase bank this is ridiculous.
Their mobile app doesn't work their customer service sucks.
Careful, these girls will try to take advantage of you.
It's basically a scam.
Very difficult to deal with.
It took over a month to receive my title.
I endured lots of mistakes and negligence before finding someone competent and finally receiving it.
This bank is not the easiest bank to deal with.
My account has been open less than a month and there has been nothing but issues.
I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and trying them out.
She was patient, listened to my problems and did everything that she could and it was a success.
She also helped me at 4:30 after i got off work when the bank closed at 5.
I had a terrible day and she turned it around 100%.
I went in to start up a new checking account last week and sat with josie r. she was amazing!
Awsome place with a great selection.
Emily knew her stuff and took good care of me.
Nothing better than talking sex with a cutie, highly recommend!
The worst bank ever so far, zero costume service.
They so call have recording someone really needs to listen to those recordings!!!
They steal ur money little by little just in fees!!
Sad to say but i would give this location a zero.
I'm number 8 in line at 11:18am on a friday and they have 1 (one) teller.
Stephanie is the best thing to happen to this branch and any bank.
She's helped me get all my financial things in order.
Even if she doesn't know the answer, she will do her research to assist me.
I have never had a bank experience like this before.
Chase has seriously won me over.
I'm usually not a fan of "big banks" but stephanie has made the transition smooth as butter.
Everything  a bank should not be
There's a drive up atm and when i need services inside the staff is always friendly and smiling.
Will come here instead of the desert school across the street, they always give me a hard time.
I don't know what mike s. is talking about.
I have been banking with mountain america for 5 years now.
The mesa branch and it's employees are amazing!
They go above and beyond to serve especially connie the branch manager!
I use them for everything from car loans to home loans to general banking.
The federal reserve is a quasi-government institution, so their lack of weekend hours is expected but still disappointing.
I'd love a tour.
I'd love a free sample, too!
But neither are likely to happen.
Cleveland is my fifth in my quest to "collect" all of the federal reserve banks.
I've also been to atlanta, kansas city, boston and san francisco.
I like this location because it's located only 1.5 miles away from my house.
They also have security guard all the time just in case there are any issue.
I been here few times where i had to interact with tellers, loan offices and branch manager.
So far i have had pretty good experience as far as service goes.
Their new setup for locker is awesome, you don't have to wait for someone to access your locker.
You just scan your fingerprint and you are good to go.
One of the employee, alexia, was very kind!
She was great at keeping up conversation and really pepped-up my day.
1 teller and multiple people in line... employees walking around not helping customers!!!!
Currently watching a 2 no teller lotion up her hands instead of helping... wtf
This is the worst bank i've ever banked with in my entire life!!!!!
They say tcf stands for customer comes first...
It's could not be more off!!!!
Should've known from the start of signing up with them they were a huge mistake to go with!
I am very careful about my spending money so to have three overdraft fees seems absolutely ridiculous!!!!
Everyone should do themselves a favor and skip this bank when considering their banking options!!!
We opened our son an account.
The gentleman assisting us was very informative.
Some of the employees are (ehh) if you get what i mean.
She was so helpful!
Don't get me started on alexis, she's the best!
I drive from where ever i am just for her.
She has the best personality i feel like i'm talking to a friend.
She's the best one there.
Not even a courtesy waive!
Which the gentlemen at this bank said he wasn't able to do anything..
This is your fathers strip club.
They haven't changed only  the cycle of talent come and goes like sands through the glass these are the.
You get the picture.
These gratuity's were alway appreciated and earned.
At deja you have this core infrastructure they referred to as "gorilla juice heads" in jersey shore.
You know bloated chests skinny legs puffy face pimples and attitude.
I still don't think he gets it.
You don't have to pay cover charge because there is no one to reimburse.
Maybe he thought i was special and demeaning others accomplishments made him feel better about his lack there for of.
Page 4 of the bulky manifesto.
So juice head #1 is butt hurt because i did not gift him the customary $20 safe travels tax.
If you're still reading i applaud your patience for the quality of the entertainment.
This is to ensure your privacy for the allotted time.
I told her i was messing up her income and excused myself so she could get that money.
Just remember that when you come get it's get that money from everyone you encounter.
Not only is this building breathtaking, it is also an amazing place to learn about the history of money.
Fun place for kids and adults alike.
If i could leave no stars i would.
One nevada has good rates on car loans but that's it.
Don't bother banking with them.
They have no money at any of the locations.
They make you use an atm for any money related transactions.
You call for assistance and they don't even take calls till 10:00am.
This bank has left me more than frustrated.
I call the 1800# and get a run around.
I didn't get my money back i quit trying.
Luckily it wasn't for a lot of money.
I wouldnt come in at 2am with a rolex cause you may get jacked.
But the la dry fluff and fold is $1.75 per lb
I've been with wells fargo for as long as i can remember and some locations are better than others.
This one thou is may favorite by far.
The staff is friendly, knows what they are doing, quick and always have a smile.
This place has really nice "teller stands" they also always seem to have little treats for members.
I love how quick and nice everyone is here.
I just wish they had a branch in north phoenix.
Seven people in line waiting and 1 teller open....meanwhile there are 3 employees just standing there not doing anything!!
Long wait times and poor customer service!
First time seeing and using teller assist at bofa.
I needed this, as i was disoriented by the decided un-bank-like appearance inside.
An unexpected, but not unpleasant experience.
The bank is nice but slow !
Every time i come here ..
Even if there is only 1 person here...
They move slow as hell !
Every experience i have had with first international band and trust has been near amazing.
My family loves how it feels more like a small town bank.
Sends me junk mail trying to get me to get insurance at least once a month.
I've tried emailing to unsubscribe with no luck or response.
Every atm machine i go to is out of order!
And going inside just to take money out takes 30 minutes
Came in pretty late with my bf for our anniversary and let me just say wow!
We were picked up in a limo, driver was awesome!
When we got there it was pretty empty, maybe 2 groups.
We got our drinks and sat near the floor.
The staff was amazing, girls were beautiful.
It was my first time at a strip club and i had a great experience.
I had a private dance with my bf and it was everything and more!
The girls made me feel super comfortable and my bf and i loved our experience.
Staff works with no sense of urgency, or cadence.
I want sharp, motivated bankers who are eager to help me manage my accounts.
I walked in yesterday around 1pm to open a new account.
Disappointed by them up for the last time...
I ended up going west on main st for a mile or so, to a competing bank.
Very happy with my decision.
The bankers i found are personable, work with a purpose, and have great follow up communication.
Unfortunately i can not say the same for this b of a branch.
They hang onto your money for as long as possible.
I work for the federal govenrment and technically, we donot have to be paid until thursday (every other week).
I switched to chase and my paychek is deposited on saturday morning.
The person from westlake oh who writes so favorably about keybank obviously works there.
I've been to this location a few times.
Unfortunately i still have to use this location.
I have multiple and joint accounts.
I was the only customer there and the other teller was helping a customer.
I said it three times.
So i get my receipt and then went to my car.
I went back inside and had him transfer my deposit to the correct account.
He wasn't pleasant to deal with.
Professional people need to listen to the customer.
The lady that answered the phone wasn't the manager but assured me that sam would be talked to.
I hope this happens.
Horrifically long wait times at drive-thru for simple transactions like cashing a check.
Why do they close at 6pm - both lobby and drive thru?
I had an issue with an old account and a new deposit coming to that old account.
The next day i went in and spoke with travis.
Travis then went out his way to call me when my account was approved to be opened.
All this happened in two days for my long overdue return to hit my account.
I needed help bringing in my laundry and she helped me out and it was a lot.
She also let me know where the coin machine was, very easy going and nice.
Friendly and fast service.
Place is decorated for halloween adding a nice touch to look at while doing the boring chore of laundry
What a guy he let me call him calvin for most the conversation.
Talon listened and let me blow off steam as well.
Wow i have been banking since this was washington mutual years back and he was right.
Although i had an oversight on my part.
He did not make me feel like a idiot that had road rage.
I even connected with this young man with his easy going personality.
I hope i get you again on the line if i screw up again.
You will go far my friend.
You helped me and stood out in a crowd great job,.
Thanks chase for hiring people like "calvin" aka talon.
They treat me like family!!
Better than the big boys treated me!
Royal bank of canada proves to be discriminatory again!
No documentation was requested to verify her current income or to justify the decision.
A black mark royal bank of canada!
Yet another clear example of entrenched discrimination against women and seniors.
I do not give them one star.....this action is less than one.
To bad yelp does not provide that option.
I have had accounts with this bank for several years and always an issue.
Now they're telling me they won't give me new login and password after they changed their online banking system.
I have to go in.
Waste of my time.
Gonna close my accounts with them
Attempted to go through the drive thru twice today to use the atm.
No power to it on both visits.
So inconvenient, there aren't enough branches around in the east valley.
Now driving to another location to deposit checks.
Not a happy camper.
Mid holiday we ran out of clean clothes and found this place.
The facility is clean and has all the amenities and the service is excellent.
Cold hearted, money hungry, fearful paranoid lying thieves.
However, employees/customer service people are kind and supportive.
My account went low on funds iadvertently and i was not aware of the limit on my account.
I am watiing for such a bank and i would move in a heartbeat.
Small time bank with big bank feel.
If you have an account there, watch it 24/7 because they will charge you for anything and everything they can.
And when its their mistake, that dont matter either.
I am closing this account and going to wells fargo.
Absolutely a terrible experience.
Hours are horrible on top of that.
I've had my boa/amex credit card for decades and have always gotten great service.
My most recent call was because my bill hadn't arrived in the mail, hence i missed payment.
Unfortunately, for this particular card's website, there's no way to contact them online unlike every other credit card.
No chat, no email, no contact form.
In this day of modern technology, it would be good to have this option.
As you know, people don't like calling into credit card co. we're put on hold forever etc.
I spoke w/ elyse/alise from the nevada office.
Very nice gal and i could tell immediately she had great customer service.
And she noted it and said they were working on it.
Then she went above and beyond.
What 5 star service!
Makes such a big difference (99.9% of the time).
I've actually been told by customer service reps at utility, airline, medical, credit card companies, etc.
Being nice & respectful goes a long way.
Doesn't work with everyone, but for the most part i've been lucky to deal w/ nice reps.
Hope this tip helps you on your next call you have to make :)
They have good rates on loans, etc..
I also like the identity protection feature that they've contracted with a company to offer to memebers.
Thanks to all azfcu locations and to the credit union in it's entirety.
Never had a fee on my account.
Not even a maintenance fee.
Got hit with a maintenance fee for the first time.
Frustrating but i don't blame the agent i spoke to on the phone.
Just a crappy experience.
But understand they have policies.
Chase is all about money.
I have banked with them since it was washington mutual.
I never had any problems with washington mutual.
I am not a big depositor with chase and i do incur overdraft fees from time to time.
Chase does not care about you as a person.
We are only numbers in their ledgers.
I would give this place a negative if i could.
Terrible customer service and sub-par services.
The location on pecos and gilbert is even worse!
They close their doors early!
No wonder some of their branches are already closing down.
Liz & kevin worked hard to earn the business and provide exceptional customer service.
After having terrible experiences at 2 other bofa branches trying to get a signature guarantee, i went to this branch.
Liz and kevin were professional and did everything they could to meet my needs.
Fyi; the worst branch i visited was at via ventura and hayden.
They don't even deserve one star !!
Honestly the worst in customer service they never help me.
When i do sit with a representative all they do is waste your time.
I wasted 30 min just so she can tell me sorry the credit card office is close.
She could have told me this before i even took a seat.
I rather go out of my way and drive to summerlin location on buffalo & lake mead.
Do not waste your time and going to this location!!!!
The branch is easy to find right on maryland parkway.
The people are extremely friendly and helpful.
Letty, who works with small businesses, is very knowledgeable and personable.
She is extremely helpful.
Lines aren't long and it's never busy.
Best customer service i've never had.
I was so desperated.
However, a banker "nick" helped me patiently and i could leave this branch with a smile.
Thank you wasting my time .
If i was home i would.
They had no other customers.
Now i know why this place gets a one star.
Rude and don't care about their customers.
I have no idea how this company is still in business.
The most unprofessional business i've ever dealt with.
Shady shady shady stay away.
This corporation is the biggest bunch of crooks and criminals out there.
They are the bottom feeders of the banking industry.
How many times can you be transferred during one phone call?
Seven is my current record.
How long can you be kept on hold before you speak to someone?
30 minutes is my current record on that one.
Including hold time, how long can a phone call to resolve an issue really take?
A record 2 hours.
That doesn't really seem like customer service to me.
I've been snapped at, hung up on, and transferred more times than i can count.
2) what do you mean you won't refund me that charge?!
I didn't even have the money in my account for that!!!
Allowing charges to go through on purpose to asses overdraft fees?
They've got that too.
But that's not all!
They're making out like bandits!
Can you say shady business practices?
That's a fine line you're walking b of a.
You're going to get caught eventually.
3) what do you mean my card isn't going through?!
I just got paid!!!
I feel so protected.
Those are just a few of the things that make me see red when it comes to these folks.
So think twice before you open that new checking account.
The free toaster is never actually free.
I joined the credit union about a month ago and i am so happy!
All of the people are incredible.
We financed our new vehicle and had outstanding customer service with richie smith.
So glad my husband and i decided to leave the traditional banks and go the credit union path.
It's very personalized experience and they remember your name.
Carmen was the wonderful lady who worked with us, and what a great and painless experience it was!
We are fans for life, thank you carmen!
Bank of america redefines all that is wrong in the banking system today.
They are the most impersonal institution i have ever dealt with.
I came in just looking for information to refinance my auto loan .
Jackie martin was so helpful that i even filled out an application to apply for a new loan.
I was so pleased with her patience and was pleased that she was able to answer all my questions.
She even called me an hour after i left to let me know i was approved!
I look forward to coming back to open a new account with jackie.
Thank you so much!
The worst decision i ever made was to go onto this website.
You will be hounded day and night by lenders calling your phone and sending you emails.
Wish i had looked at yelp reviews first.
You can't get unsubscribe or get away from these people.
The service was great.
So almost at the end of the closing day, the loan went through.
So freddie mac took it but with a higher rate and fees.
So i was charged for some origination fees (~$550) and appraisal fee.
I didn't want to risk of loosing the home and the increase was reasonable, so i went with it.
Just wish that i was able to get the 4.25% apr and zero fees as promised.
But i have to stress that service was great.
Matt was responsive to my emails and phone calls.
He worked efficiently and professionally to try to get my loan approve with the lender.
This is by far the worst experience i've ever had in my existence!
We fell on hard times and took out a loan.
Paid each month and when we were ready had the funds to pay this off.
Getting a payoff was a nightmare.
I wish we never dealt with this shady company.
I'd rather go somewhere else that's less sketchy.
The accounting department they speak of consist of only one person!
Same yourself, if you're desperate go anywhere but here!
Kirsten h was so attentive and answered all of our questions.
She made it such a wonderful experience.
We were opening a number of accounts and made me glad we are doing business with chase.
I never completed the application but still received over 100 calls in 3 days.
Even when i asked the lenders to take me off their list, some keep calling.
They report to shareholders who expect to see profit, and that profit comes from you.
Credit unions answer to their depositors (i.e.
They are not about profit, there are no investors.
There's just the members.
This particular credit union is very good.
I've been very happy with them for over 18 years.
I have been a boa customer for about 14 years now.
I've had account balances ranging from $100 to $75,000 in a single account.
I've had multiple credit cards from boa and invested thousands in savings and cds.
At this time i proud to annouce that i will finally be leaving bank of america for good.
I've had minor issues over the past 14 years compunding in frustration and disdain for this corporation.
Late fees, or returned check fees).
If you're a boa customer, go to the bill pay app.
This promise is clearly written near the bottom of the page.
(not sure how every supervisor and manager ended up in the exact same meeting at the exact same time...odd).
Regardless, still no phone call recieved.
Usaa here i come!!!!
This is by far the worst experience i've ever had in my existence!
We fell on hard times and took out a loan.
Paid each month and when we were ready had the funds to pay this off.
Getting a payoff was a nightmare.
I wish we never dealt with this shady company.
I'd rather go somewhere else that's less sketchy.
The accounting department they speak of consist of only one person!
Same yourself, if you're desperate go anywhere but here!
I used them years ago and was able to view quotes online at the time.
Now, most of the lenders won't offer a quote unless they can talk to you directly.
Great service and friendly staff!
I enjoy visiting this location for all of my banking needs.
Bank of america offers great options for everyone from savings accounts to home loans.
Then she said never mind and to have a seat.
She was rude and didn't seem to care about me as a customer.
Makes me not want to come here again
We're so grateful to clark county credit union (especially terri kight!)
For helping us with our new home loan.
I'd highly recommend using cccu for your next home loan, refi, and financial needs.
We're in our dream home now thanks to terri and cccu!
I haven't used a boa credit card for years, and i have perfect credit.
I recently decided to use it once again, and couldn't find it.
I called to simply get another card sent to me.
I had to answer questions regarding occupation, income, mortgage debt, mortgage payment, number of children, etc.
I guess they really don't mind losing customers.
Shocking lack of customer service.
They were literally happy to see me go!
By far the worst bank ever.
The tellers barely speak english.
Ended up going to wells fargo.
Walked in, got an account with no issues in less than 30 minutes.
I'm glad i chose them.
This is the worst  branch that i've ever dealt with.
If you call they will keep you on hold and never return back to the phone.
I came in to simply recieve some help with my mobile log in.
I was cut in line by burritto express food delivery to the tellers desk.
Then it was noticeable that the tender wanted to make no effort in helpping me and quickly pushed me out.
Im very disappointed in my experience as i have just switched to chase looking for a new bank.
They can't tell them to use a machine after that customer waited for 15 minutes too.
They lend u money.
Maybe instead of going on yelp and criticizing and whining.
Do the proper thing that will actually make change and that is:  1.
Talk to a manager 2.
Email a manager 3.
Email or call head office  yelp only makes you feel better.
So 4/5 goes to them  the management needs to be.
Professionals through and through.
Security on-site and a comfy lobby that offers music, safety, and reading material while waiting for assistance.
So glad this is my credit union.
Five out of five!
I wouldn't really want to bank anywhere else.
The ahwatukee branch used to have 2 atm's.
They now have one and this morning it as out of service,!,,!,!
One top of that they now chaege 5$ for each overdraft transaction.
Wells fargo is starting to look better and better.
Not the most exciting place on earth.
People are okay, nice enough.
Never seen this location busy.
Great branch if you don't like lines but tellers are gong to work faster than their hourly rate of pay.
Went to drive through today to break a couple $100 bills.
It literally took 9 minutes.
That would be about one minute per bill.
When i questioned why it was taking so long the gal got pretty snippy.saying something about only one machine.
If that were the case, why wouldn't  you tell me that to begin with and then cop an attitude.
I've never been treated like that at wells fargo
We had eddie didio write up our prequal for a home loan.
He was so sleazy and wasted a lot of our time with crappy anecdotes.
She has never spoken on the phone with him, he left her a voice mail once.
After writing up our prequal he was still getting her name wrong.
He is misinformed, a liar, and unprofessional.
Do not do business with him!
One person working both the line and the drive though!
They clearly need to work on their staffing.
We participated in the auto buyer program and it was a wonderful experience!
We did  not miss spending hours at a dealership to haggle and wheel n' deal-that is for sure.
We would highly recommend the program if you are looking to buy a car!
I recently opened an account with pnc, and the process was easy.
They walked me through step-by-step in selecting which accounts would benefit me the most.
They walked me through the online features, and catered everything to my wants and needs.
Honestly, i don't know how i did without the convenience of pnc before.
Since the summer of 2005, i have been banking with bank of america.
And like the grand majority of bofa customers, i have been unaffected "directly" by their atrocities.
Through all of the garbage, i have always been a staunch supporter of them and an advocate of their services.
And in general, their services are really much better than the competition.
And despite my multiple calls to their cordial customer service, everyone seems to not be empowered to resolve my issues.
It's frustrating, and quite frankly, i'm pissed.
Despite the issues, i'll continue to use bofa.
This is the worst state farm i have been with.
The first time when i stop by to by an-year home insurance.
The lady-brenda- was friendly but took me almost 2 hours to type my information in the system.
It's okay at least she is friendly.
I talked very clearly i just one year and she said she understood.
She suggested that i can pay month by month hot this year.
After one year, they still get money from my bank till i receive mail from them.
Her attitude just just just made me disgusting.
I do not recommend people go to that state farm.
It's the worst state farm i have been to.
Today i had some business at this branch.
The nice and very helpful young man who helped me was brian monzon.
Thank you so much.
I only come here to pay my bills and credit cards so it is not usually a happy occasion...
However the staff being mostly asian i.e chinese are fast, friendly and typically efficient.
If only i was a share holder in this back....sigh..
I have been with nevada state bank for over 12 years now.
I have both my business and personal accounts here, as well as my car loan.
They offer convenient hours 6 days a week, and many drive-thru's have extended hours.
I like the set up at  this annie oakley/sunset branch.
It's always clean inside and out.
I'm always treated professionally.
At one point i was a s"secret shopper" for the administration, and sent in branch reviews quarterly.
It made me feel like my opinion was valuable.
One complaint in 12 years.
Hmmm...they must be doing something right.
1 star is too many.
Worst bank i've ever been involved with.
You'd be better off keeping your money on your front door step
Misleading staff / bad hit on your credit !!!
The rep said "no problem" and let me continue with the refinance app.
Considering i've never been rejected before, i started to ask questions.
The ladies inside are always very friendly and accommodating .
But the atm machine is always down when you actually need it !
Soo annoying , either you can't deposit or you can't withdraw money out .
Get your info corrected ..
Great bank, believe it was the newest bank in fountain hills.
Love doing business with them!
Opened an account at credit union and it was free!
Toni f was a great help as was bailey.
They have a atm for after hours banking and they're next to my favorite frozen yogurt place in downtown summerlin.
The driver said no ring was on the decreased's hand, but we knew it was there when he left.
Miraculously found 40 min later.
Fortunately, the widow wasn't alone and the other person with her, double checked the charges.
Michael did a great job at getting us a home loan quickly.
He even drove two hours to bullhead city, az in order to be with us at closing!
Both he and alaxi were great folks to work with.
Both were attentive and available for any questions.
The cashiers are super nice!
I don't go in often but when i do they always remember me.
Need training on things such as opening different savings accounts.
They had to call to get it figured out.
My real issue is not with this very small branch but us banks in general.
I have had this account less then 1year and have had nothing but issues!
Also trying to mobile deposit you can't deposit more then 300$ at once.
Good grief that's not even a quarter of my check!
Definitely wouldn't use us bank if i knew this garbage before.
Beautiful historical chase bank location.
I had dreams about this bank as a kid.
Best part they treat you like a big baller on a teacher budget oh yeah
The worst bank location i've dealt with in my entire life.
Every single time i go to the branch they make up some absurd issue that makes no logical sense.
They even spelled my name wrong on my account when opening(but that was another location).
Td you need to give less discretion to your branch management teams and hire competent employees!
This is a locally-based community bank in south charlotte that really focuses on customer service.
My friend has a business account here and i have been on several occasions to make deposits for him.
I am seriously considering switching all of my accounts over from the big bank i currently use.
All of the employees that i have encountered are friendly and helpful.
And they always offer customers fresh coffee or bottled water and some sort of fresh  pastry or cookie.
Plus, if you are a small business owner, they have conference rooms available for customers to reserve for meetings.
All in all, if you are looking for a smaller bank with more personal service, you should check them out.
Worst service bank ever.
Walked in... they have only one teller window.... 2 automatic machines and 5 people doing nothing, but can't help.
With this credit union, all is well until you experience a problem that is happening with them specifically.
Last week i walked into the branch on e tropicana to do a simple payment.
Not the first time i've dealt with overall lack of professionalism and forethought from this entity.
I finally heard from a staff person first thing in the morning as promised the second time.
She was very apologetic about not getting in touch with me before.
I explained my concern and position on a problem i had with my account.
She listened, asked me some questions and immediately corrected it.
I will be staying with afcu.
Nice clean location but lack of assistance from the personal bankers in the office.
My husband and i came in during a slow time of day to change my last name due to marriage.
Little did they know my husband and i planned to open new joint accounts with them.
Completely unacceptable to have multiple people available to give service but not performing.
Stay away from these people.
They are a scam.
In advertizing they claim they will obtain competing offers for mortgage loans.
However, the scam is that they want to place the loan themselves.
You need to steer clear of this type of scam especially in this real estate environment.
So my information is spread around like rain.
My five referrals went to 20 and i received over 50 robo calls the first three days.
It took a month to get rid of them.
I got almost 250 calls.
Lending tree is a scam even to the mortgage companies.
Why aren't there more than one atm locations for navy federal credit union, in cleveland, ohio.
There's only one and it's in downtown cleveland, ohio on the 26th floor of an office building.
I live in shaker heights, ohio, a suburb of cleveland.
I'm not a happy customer.
Execs at m&i contributed more than any other non-party donor to scott walker's crusade against the middle class.
This, after accepting $1.75 billion in taxpayer tarp money that has not been repaid.
They have given great aid to a movement of corporations supporting scott walker while he makes wisconsin residents suffer.
I had a wonderful experience at this bank.
Needed a bank draft but my home branch is up north.
They gladly helped me obtain a bank draft, and were pleasant and funny.
Brightened my day as a customer!
Went into deposit a check and took forever while waiting.
Ultimately nothing got done.
How hard is it to cash a check?
Monkeys could do a better job.
Worst customer service i've ever had to deal with.
I can't buy food or things needed just to live in a hurricane damaged island.
Please think twice before using them, they aren't helpful or caring in anyway.
I'm now begging loved ones to help me to just maintain which is even more difficult.
I beg you, don't trust bank of america ever !!!
I have banked with many credit unions, and this is by far the worst one!
Their fees and penalties are just like the big banks, and they are very inflexible when dealing with customers.
Take your money elsewhere.
I love it when a banker respects my time and my business.
I waited at the door until they opened, promptly and needed to open another account.
Very friendly and customer service is key!
The team has a lot to offer their customer in loan and personal finance help.
I have been in the mortgage industry for decades and i host a daily radio program.
I am always confident and pleased when i introduce clients and listeners to the folks at fortress credit pro.
I had accounts for a couple of rental properties.
All i did was deposit checks and send an electronic mortgage payment each month.
Plus i was also getting charged $5 a month for each account.
When i asked the condescending (male) teller about the fee, he said all banks charge this.
If you open an account, make sure you know all the fees.
Bank of america is racist!
I am a white woman who just went into the bofa branch in merced, ca.
There were over 70 people in line for two tellers, yes - only 2!
The majority of the people in line were spanish-speaking customers.
They were herded into a line like cattle.
This is not a way to treat people!!!
It should not matter the color of your skin and the language you speak when it comes to customer service.
I didn't know that donald trump was on bank of america's board of directors!
I am moving my business account to another bank!
It took chase less than 30 days to accomplish what us bank couldn't do in 4 months.
Unlike us bank, chase's loan process is efficient and not run by a bunch of idiots.
I started my application online, was contacted promptly, and assigned to a physical branch.
I like this branch.
They're all so nice and the wait is never that long.
Also, every time i have banking needs and questions, they're always available to help and answer
The only reason this location gets a star at all is because i can't leave it a negative.
My husband and i went in today to do some basic banking.
We both have separate accounts but wanted to just add my name to his account.
We waited for 45 minutes.
In that time two other couples arrived that apparently had appointments.
She was not apologetic at all for our wait.
Are you kidding me?
We make that bank money and they don't have time to talk to us?
I refused to make an appointment with them as i will be taking my banking elsewhere.
This is not the first time we have had horrible service with bank of america.
I will be going to the location on power on monday to close my accounts with them.
When i asked what the manager's name was the teller gave both her name and rob as the branch manager.
Congratulations bank of america.
You just missed out on money from credit cards, car loans and a mortgage we are ready for.
Maybe chase would like the opportunity to take that up.
I refinanced my car with cynthia.
Great job, applied, approved, a little chit chat, funded and done.
All within a couple of hours.
A low rate and a huge savings too, thank you.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
We cannot day enough about maximum title loans.
They are always helpful and easy to deal with.
Leanna is absolutely amazing, she is fast, efficient and easy to talk too.
No one is judgmental, rude or pushy.
Thank you leanna for all your help over the past few months.
You're practically elbow to elbow with the next customer that's being helped at the same table.
So forget about privacy.
No real line to wait in.
And the "lobby" entrance is right next to van buren.
I think i'll stick to my scottdale branch.
Extremely disappointed with this location.
This is no excuse.
I have a cousin who works for chase and after searching my name there were only a few of us.
After doing some investigating, i found a girl through facebook with a similar name to mine.
My husband called her and confirmed with her that she had made a $1,000 withdrawal from this chase branch.
Thank god this woman was so honest.
The teller just crossed off the end of the name and initialed it without changing the account number.
This is a big deal and it did not seem that they thought it was.
We let the branch manager know what had happened and he later called the woman who withdrew the money.
Corey was very helpful and understanding of the situation.
He kept in contact with both my husband and myself and let us know of any updates.
We are very thankful for corey and this honest woman for helping us.
We went to the bank to make a payment.
They said it was 'for security purposes'.
Yes, we know we went in right before the bank closes but i felt the rule is excessive.
One of the worst customer service experiences ever.
I was transferred to multiple people at b of a and nobody had a clue.
I had to go through the entire story every time.
I am currently on hold with them for 1 hour and 13 minutes and counting.
They call it pending if they show a check was mailed but the check never got there.
When i called last week, i was told it takes 3-5 business days so i waited.
Now they say 7-10 business days.
If i wait, it will probably go to 15-20 business days.
Nobody can expedite it or fix the problem.
What a collection of uncaring and incompetent employees.
They talked to me about a business loc and a checking account.
If this is how they handle financial matters, there is no way they are getting any more of my money.
Be careful with these guys.
Pick a financial partner that can handle money and cares about their customers.
This one isn't the one you're looking for.
Please provide your "proof"... you fixed 3 items that went right back on to my credit!!!!!!
Your company is crap... $100 per deletion is ridiculous!!
You definitely did not fix "most" of my credit, you're absolutely delusional!!!
I was not pleased with the service not would i ever recommend anyone to you... not even my worst enemy!!!!
Seriously, you don't have to use this clown....
For a person with no income, i sure spend a lot of time at the bank.
Something even funnier than that is, this isn't my primary bank.
So right about now, you might be asking the question, "ameerah, why exactly do you go to bofa?"
Being able to do so, without an account here, makes me happy.
And smiling helpful faces make me even happier, while i place their money in my purse.
I hate to battle the bell rd.
Why exactly i have an iphone that i don't use to its full abilities, i have no clue...
I like them as they are a shared credit union, so convience- a plus.
However i haven't found many friendly tellers there.
They barely say hi, don't smile, and i feel uncomfortable as if i'm bothering them or such.
They're also kind of slow...or maybe it seems they are due to the uncomfortable aura.
Not always had such bad customer service, but tbis past year has gone down.
Prior it was just average .
The line was out the door!
There was only two tellers, and one of them was going back and forth to help the drive-thru as well.
It was understandable as chase is in the process of implementing computerized tellers at all of their branches.
Aside from this, chase has always been great to me!
Newer chase branch in the center of town.
Pleasant staff but they only have one physical teller terminal.
Other branches youll see 3 tellers and 2 or 3 atm terminals inside.
Needless to say if someone has a complicated transaction the line and wait may be long.
Thankfully, i didnt have that issue.
There are two atm machines outside the branch for after hours.
I've never seen them without lines... this isn't a special or hyper sketchy (not totally un-sketchy either) location.
It's inside the albertsons.
I've never been here when they were open.
They close at 2pm on saturday.
By 2:02, it's a ghost town.
In the past two years however, something has changed.
For one, this credit union has gotten fee happy, just like a bank.
They will assess overdraft fee on top of overdraft fee.
If you ask them to remove the overdraft fees, they will remove only "some' of them.
They also are very inflexible on their loan payment terms, and are martinets about it.
They said they would not sweep my account for a loan payment.
They did, and as a result, my account ended up in the hole.
They're no different than a corporate bank
I get a block on my debit card weekly.
The fraud department says it's for my safety.
So once a week i hold up a long line somewhere by having to call to get my card unblocked.
This is the biggest inconvenience ever !!!
I've asked if they can stop doing this ma they say no.
It's not an option.
I am looking at looking to bank with someone else.
Don't go here for your banking.
Their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent.
So far, they are no better.
Reaching a live person at the credit union is next to impossible in my experience.
Their response time is like molasses.
Another thing to beware of is fees.
You must read the fine print.
Basically, they are charging you $10 per month for a paper statement.
Last i knew, stamps cost .50 cents and a sheet of paper maybe .5 cents.
Also beware of their popmoney fee.
I tried using the service without success and was forced to cancel the transaction.
Nowhere was there anything posted about this exorbitant fee.
And again i ask, why does a fee need to be leveraged when everything is run by computer?
It just seems greedy to me.
In closing i would like to say that this credit union is making me regret my decision to leave bofa.
Moral of the story: research banks before you leave one and join another.
Hopefully my review will help you make the right decision.
Best banking staff i have ever come in contact with.
Very knowledgeable, professional and competent.
Not to mention attractive!
Love coming to this place.
30 minutes wait on monday 07/06/2015 from 250pm-320pm.
8 people in line with one teller working,  meanwhile the "manager" picks up his bag and leaves for the day.
You think a manager, who's probably on salary, would take 10 more minutes to clear the line before he leaves.
Had an appointment at 330 so had to leave without getting my check cashed.
The credit repair professionals at fortress have been nothing short of amazing.
They delivered just as they promised and removed over 40 negative items from my credit reports.
In addition they also educate you on what goes into a fico score.
Understanding that makes rebuilding your credit easy and fun.
I would recommend fortress credit pro to anyone who wants to see results.
The downside is there is almost always a long line so make sure you plan some extra time.
Just like others have stated, the level of professionalism here is horrid.
I have bad experiences here with both the tellers and the branch supervisor.
The willingness and energy is beyond 0 stars.
Look at all of the locations, they all have low stars and negative reviews.
Please look into other credit unions before deciding with this one, you'll regret not taking this advice.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
This location in safeway is the worst wells fargo branch i have ever been in!
That a $1,650 check was over the limit of what they could cash!
So the manager states the branch wont cash a check thats over $1,000!
Very rude from start to finish!!
This is why i dont bank with wells fargo...ever!
It was convenient to work and home so i opted to give them a try.
This location sits in the shopping center behind panda express on south blvd.
You actually have to turn onto seneca rd to get to this location.
The location is quite small.
There is a walk up atm outside and a drive thru lane at the back of the building.
Inside there is a short queue line where you wait your turn for one of the tellers.
Opening an account is easy.
The staff is pleasant although i think truliant has better customer service.
The issue i had with sharonview is not with this branch but the credit union's bill pay service.
It took 5 days for my car payment to make it to one of the big 3 banks.
I could have mailed it and it would have taken less time.
So my membership with sharonview was quite short.
I've been with dsfcu for 30 years.
I have had car loans, home mortgage loans,  equity loans, and personal loans, as well as savings products with them.
I now live out of state and have not found another credit union that can match them.
I am still with desert schools through branch banking and never plan to change.
Rude rude rude tellers!
I really do not get why people like that have jobs in customer service at all!
Sitting in the waiting area and over hearing everything the tellers are chit chatting about.
They really need some sound buffers!!!
They are all discussing their facial acne.
That just isn't necessary.
Walked into wells fargo and got everything in 20 minutes.
Definitely worth the drive past the red rock location, no question.
Joe is the best!
Highly recommended to go through for your vehicle or motorcycle purchase!
Fast easy at great interest rates and joe is such a great help!
Since i live right down the street, i come to this branch as often as i can be.
This location used to be a 2-story restaurant / night club when the neighborhood was in development.
I used to have to drive all the way to tatum blvd.
Overall services was great.
Definitely recommend you to visit this branch if you are in this area.
My experience with one nevada was awesome!
I would definitely recommend banking with one nevada!
Their focus really is you!
The personnel was friendly and extremely helpful.
Provided great insight and mentioning all the different things that unify has to offer.
They truly take the time to go over every single one of your questions and concerns.
Ryan the branch manager was amazing!
He was helpful and professional.
He went out of his way to make sure i got the information i needed.
This bank is ok.
Their web site interface is a bit clunky and not too user friendly.
It was definitely not designed by apple.
Huge bank....and i'm not a huge company fan.
I like boutique hotels, mom and pop restaurants, and the like.
I like service and wf tends to drop the ball here.
Don't trust them, they can't even keep their atm working.
Half the time the stupid thing is "out of service" or just doesn't work.
Of course the branch is too cheap to have another machine for redundancy.
This happens multiple times, not a "one time" occurrence.
Go to a bank that respects its customers with a working atm.
Since you chose the cheap route of neglecting your atm's i will make it public for all to see.
You should have fixed your atm.
Omg, run from this place if you're a business owner.
Good luck trying to login and see your account balance on their website.
Don't mouse-over outside of the box.
Otherwise it disappears and you get to start over again.
Did they even test this before they implemented such a poorly designed system?
Which one is which?
You have to wait for the next business day, call some backwards phone system and finally try logging in.
This mean you cannot even view you balance for 52+ hours if you get locked out on a friday.
Too cheap to install a simple "forgot password link" .
Most of the tellers are friendly they get you in and out.
Get any questions answered.
Have an account with bank of america for years.
Account in good standing , no balance etc.
My daughter had issues and i called to help my daughter.
When i called they said my account was closed.
I've been banking with az federal since i was maybe 16 because my parents had accounts here.
24 hour customer service, free checks, and the best part... no monthly fees.
Gonna close this dumb account & switch all my banking to discover bank.
Always a line about a 30-20 min wait and only one teller to help.
This happens pretty much everyday.
They made me give a star.
I was forced to give a star!
But really, bank of america deserves:  -350, 000,000,000 stars  bank of america is a cut throat financial institution.
What they do to their credit card customers should be against the law.
They are criminals, pure and simple.
How can they get away with it?
I always paid my bill on time and most of the time i payed twice the minimum required.
Now i am paying them (they are stealing from me) $150.00 per month in finance charges.
This is the equivalent of purse snatching.
I don't intend to take this kind of treatment without a fight.
How can the executives sleep at night?
They are up there in their ivory tower which is no more than a den of thieves.
I would like to see them all thrown into a work camp, or put on a chain gang.
It should be called "the institution for the financially corrupt" .
See how they like living on mayonnaise sandwiches and ramen noodles.
Is this location convenient?
Do they have super efficient atms that directly accept cheques, so there's no need to fiddle with an envelope?
Does it have coin deposit machines?
So why the low rating?
Well because they don't have enough tellers!!!
However on my 2 visits to this location today, you wouldn't really know that they value your business!
Both times there was a line with only 3 tellers.
And although this seems adequate enough, 2 tellers serviced the same patrons for at least 20-30 mins, minimum!
Warning to all patrons who visit this branch and expect to be in and out, good luck with that!!
If i could give no stars, i would.
Thanks for making me late wells fargo!
Only took 20 minutes to make a withdrawal.
Therefore, you have to read the fine print, ask questions when concerned and if necessary make a stink.
Branch manager kathy was very helpful and friendly.
She was patient and helped me with the refinancing of my car.
Jackie was also an amazing assist.
She finalized everything and was very informative and professional with my questions.
Spent over 50 minutes in line to make a deposit, to be met by a surly teller.
I have now been on hold for over 30 minutes to talk to a representative.
Tried online chat but no representatives were available before my login timed out (3 times).
Horrible customer service; you can do better
Without exception david driscoll and danielle wagner are the best in the business.
David and danielle know the mortgage business.
They are wonderful communicators and constantly stay in contact.
So if you are a prospective buyer in need of loan please do not hesitate to call david or danielle.
They have no email so they can and do give different stories with each call.
How convenient - its your story vs. theirs.
I was told i needed $5000 to avoid a service fee.
I immediately created the necessary balance.
First the fee was returned and then, even though i had the necessary balance, was recharged.
I withdrew all funds by net transfer.
Almost two decades and they, to be polite, misled me.
I will asap be history to them.
A bad experience in the late 1980's has kept me far away from here for decades.
Shannon b. high pressures me like no car salesman on the planet to open an account.
I relent so she won't charge me $40 to cash my tax check but don't fund the account.
At some point colonial pisses me off and i fund the account only to be triple charged by virgin mobile!
I fill out all the necessary paperwork to correct the problem.
Meanwhile they charge me $500 in overdraft fees using their enron style accounting system!
No amount of reasoning or screaming can reverse their errors.
Shannon b. says i had a car loan with them back in 2000 which is impossible!
I get zero answers!
All around this is a heartwarming experience and revives my hope in humanity.
Offered me a refinance on my car loan, credit score almost 700, declined, bad hard hit to my score.
This facility is always short handed...  every time i walk into the branch is a minimum of 25 minutes wait.
Try to avoid this branch if you need to go inside .....
Recently visited this branch for some sensitive financial matters .
I was met by the branch manager, callin mote.
He was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable.
He made this difficult transaction a smooth process.
I will definitely be back soon to do more business with this branch because of the great impression callin made.
I brought in a bag of rolled coins, they would not help me because i'm not a member.
What happened to customer service???
I wouldn't even give them a star, but i can't post this without one.
One of the few locations that is.
Friendly service and a speedy drive-thru!
Never any issues for me .
Just joined family trust in fort mill , the staff was excellent & very pleasant.
The branch manager nikki is fantastic!!!!!
Already having pnc accounts separately made it super easy to just have a joint account added for us.
I love marisol fcu.
I have been a member for 7+years.
I enjoy the personalized service you receive.
Just by banking there i get additional discounts at other business.
I like that they are invested in the community, provide scholarships to the youth, and education on finances.
Educated me on my finances and help me set up a savings plan to get back on track.
That can be done with our support as well (customers and former customers).
An update for this review is fair i think!
- keep a copy of every credit report you mail out.
Will help you to compare in case if there's any billing mistakes - fortress billing department is great.
I wish the credit coordinator would have been prompt as the billing was in returning calls!
My experience was somehow based on a miscommunication/misunderstanding.
I was told my cash deposit was not going to clear until may 9!
So i was charged fees and they are holding my cash!
Not acceptable - using the atm is useless!
My wife is in the market for a new car.
I though, this must be even better - we'll get rates on the specific vehicle!
My advise, just check your bank and a few other banks directly.
If there were 0 stars i would choose it.
I've been with this bank since the 1990s, but they've gotten way too big.
Bofa needs to be broken up.
I've reported them to cfpb and hope to get my money back monday.
Love them, been a member since 1997 when they were motorola employees credit union west.
I recently bought a new home.
I worked with kelley birt on my mortgage, and she was great.
Highly recommend the very personal and professional experience they offer.
Once again, horrible customer service.
I had a problem with my account and was treated and talked down to by (jessica) a personal banker.
The woman seriously rolled her eyes at me twice!!!
After 7 years of being a loyal customer, i will be going elsewhere.
I've had nothing but awful experiences with wells fargo.
Consistently helpful and fun.
This is a killer bank in general, but this branch takes service to a whole new level.
The company should model its service ideals around this location and britney especially.
I went to the banking institution located in magnolia in burbank, ca to deposit a small amount of cash.
I filled up the deposit slip with all the information including my bank account which i know by heart.
Went in line which is about 12 person deep with only two tellers.
I knew the wait will be too long but i don't want my hard earned money sitting in my purse.
My turn finally came so i handed the teller my deposit slip and slid my driver's license in the machine.
She told me that she needs to check my id.
I asked why and she replied an id is required for a cash deposit.
I was dumb founded and annoyed but still i asked what she's gonna do if i don't have an id.
She said she won't be able to accept my deposit.
I left fuming mad but didn't say any.
I asked if they also require an id for a credit card payment.
This policy is absurd and ridiculous for these reasons:  1.
Handing you cash for credit card payment is same as handing you a cash deposit.
Cash is still cash so what difference does it make?
Even customs clearly states the 10k limit when you try to reenter the united states.
Officers of this bank are plain dumb and stupid.
I wonder how you end up in these highly paying positions.
It's probably the reason why you're bank is going down the drain.
Get your act together!
I give teller, tina, the stars at rainbow branch.
Very congenial and informative.
I inquired about atm use out of town and she informed me of star point!
Excellent for one nevada clients.
I have several financial accounts with banks and credit unions.
Unfortunately one is with tru west credit union.
I only had 200 dollars total in the twcu account.
Someone let that payment go through.
I called immediately on monday since this happened over the weekend.
Now they will not shut down my checking account with 200 dollars and give my money back.
I have called the police and and contacting 12 on your side.
I have rights and they cannot provide why this happened.
Do not bank here they have horrible uneducated employees and you will definitely be compromised on line.
They have horrible on line protection.
If you want to have bad credit and owe these people 1000's of dollars by all means use this service.
Doing business with these thieves is the worst mistake.
They charged me 4000 and changed 1 credit report equifax.
Also, even if they change your credit score, you still owe the debt and will be sued.
That is good business according to this crappy business.
Do not give these  people a dime of your money.
I understand you are a man that doesnt keep his word or cimminments.
Karma is a bitch.
I can simply put everything i had deleted back on, this way you won't owe me anything.
I wish you the best."
The typical answer is: it's complicated and it takes time.
Then it gets better...
I called the customer service then found out the replacement card was closed before it even reached my house.
The card will only go out after a human physically reviewed the account and gave it the approval.
Again i would like to ask you, is this your way to treat a preferred award platinum honors customer?
Never in my life...don' t do it.
Go literally anywhere else.
But leave my title with you and no cash???????????
If i could give them 0 star's i would.
Always a long line and 1 teller maybe 2..and room for 5 or 6 tellers.
They don't give a damm.
Employees are personable and dedicated to help very patient & helpful.
The environment was clean and wasn't crowded.
They staff acknowledges you as soon as you walk through the doors.
Financial advisors are available to communicate with you when you need advice.
Overall great union to bank with!
My mom ordered a computer from first street.
I called boa and asked them to cancel the order because i have power of attorney.
They refused to cancel the order.
First street said, the order was never delivered and they got the order back.
But, they refuse to give me the $1,200 back.
I filed a complaint with the fraud department at boa 2 months ago.
They refuse to get my money back.
Where is the money!!?
Where is the computer!!?
Boa has the worst customer service.
I'm going to set up an appointment and go in there today and waste 3 hours.
This is the 4th time.
They refuse to do anything over the phone.
Hi  used to work with jonathan  enwia to refi my home.
I would say jonathan was good refi officer, responsive and helpful.
I had hard time to collect all my fin docs, but all lenders require it nowdays.
Be prepared and your refi will be on time and painless.
The process was quick and painless.
The guy who talked to me first was abrupt but not rude.
He called for a woman named trinity who was very nice and showed sympathy to my almost week long cold.
She didn't try to up sell anything and was very pleasant.
I went to the atm and got a statement to prove it was actually in there!)
I do not recommend going to this @cibc branch if you are in need of a loan.
I've tried to deal with their financial services representative on consolidating my loans against the equity on my house.
All they told me to do was to go the branch and sign papers.
We now were asked to provide more documents.
The branch financial services representative didn't offer me any alternatives, just that "we were unable to continue this loan application".
A good example of greed.
I'm pondering switching to a new bank completely.
I've been banking with them for about two years.
Interesting that dsfcu ignores the overall negative reviews on here.
My favorite wells location.
Staff is efficient, friendly and fun.
I like that most locations are open on saturdays and that there are so many locations!
See paul t. for your personal banking needs.
Michael is the consummate professional!
He kept us on point and even got our final.approvals completed earlier than expected!
He was a pleasure to work with
I am welcomed multiple times when i walk in and always with a smiling face.
Everyone is eager to help you...
Even if it is not their job they help direct you in the right way.
For some reason this location seems to never be busy for me and i go during busy hours.
I always have a great time speaking with the bank tellers.
They are personable and great.
The location is also perfect!
Plus there is this really cute guy who works there.
We tried to be proactive and free up cash by refinancing his truwest auto loan.
They refused saying that we could not afford the loan.
We know we can't afford the loan, that's why we are trying to modify it.
Finally we ran out of money and like everyone else went into foreclosure.
Truwest bought the house at the first auction.
Lost 1467.56 dollars in debit fraud transactions.
After 60 days your screwed.
Never got ripped off by a thief and a bank at the same time.
Don't let this happen to you.
I am at a loss for more words and have lost trust with this credit union.
I started boa a long time ago when they had the best online site, online bill pay, and mobile app.
Now there are much better options out there so i am switching.
I used boa as my secondary bank, nfcu being my first.
I swear i've never had to have that much before and yet they are saying they didn't change the rules.
Oh, and she reminds me that i can view all their fees structure, etc... online to help avoid fees.
I'm like forget it, i'm done playing games.
I'm closing my account and just putting all my money in nfcu.
I just spent $75 to keep $500 in my little dinky account.
What sane person would do that?
This location is ok, only been here once.
It was a quick atm transaction and i was out of there!
Easy access from the streets.
I used to think that this place was pleasant..
I tried to ask for answers to questions and wouldn't be given any answers..
I was told my job doesn't exist.
And wasn't approved after another manager tells me to go sign a loan..
The branch manager should not be in customer service nor her assistant manager.
These women have no people skills.
I'll be closing my account with this credit union due to this branch..
This is the closest chase location for me with a drive thru - but it's terrible.
20 minutes later, i'm out of the drive thru.
What's the point of a drive through if it's gonna take 30 minutes to make the deposit?
I was just checking rates and it turned out as an application.
Nobody reads tiny disclaimer at the end of the page and they know it.
That's why they have bad intentions and it is a trick for their benefit to use your information.
Than they sent it to weird companies.
They inquire your credit and its not 1 or 2 companies its a bunch than your credit goes down horribly.
It is an nightmare.
Bad people who are out there to get you period.
**business customer** this has to be one of the worst banks in las vegas.
I've had more than a few not so pleasant incidents with the 'millennial' 'oh well whatever' type teller attitudes.
Or, is it just the people in las vegas...?!?
So, yesterday 1/3/17, i arrived at the drive-thru at approximately 5:20pm.
While waiting for my turn i had all of my deposits ready with banking slips.
What are you talking about...?
I asked her (over the speaker) organize them how...?
She tells me how they want the checks to be "organized" and she sends my deposits back.
Oh ok. got it.
I'm thankful i personally don't bank here.
Not a bad bank..
I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.
The only complaint i might have would be the drive thru atm.
Would recommend if your trying to repair/build credit, start with a checking account from one nevada credit union!
Matt younan from american nationwide mortgage company cheated me during a refinance process in september of 2011.
Please avoid using this organization for your needs.
Filed bbb complains with no resolution.
He still may or may not be working there but all people working there are crooks.
Such a waste of time!!!
Crooks   doesn't matter if ur honest and upfront  thanks for wasting my time!!!
Thank you very much for helping us switch from safeco and saving us $884 a year.
Jackie kohl is a star!
Came here to get some money out and the machine wouldn't take my card.
Well, it went partway in.
I've heard on the news about scams where people put a machine in there and steal your card number.
Hope i don't lose all my money.
Gee, thanks us bank.
So i had to go to the grocery store to get cash.
Time to switch banks.... again.
Of note recently, i used their mortgage specialist, jon dedeaux & relationship banker, jillian james.
Both gave excellent, professional, knowledgeable service, were available for appointments and efficient at their specialties.
They returned calls in a timely manner, answered all questions thoroughly, and were very communicative.
Thank you to both for the time spent assisting me with my various banking needs.
This is my favorite branch of chase in our area.
When i opened my account, i specifically checked the "no overdraft" option that would reject any transaction.
The online paperwork kept unchecking the box (hmm shady).
I called later and had them manually check it.
Yet, things were still being allowed to go through.
Worst chase i've ever been to.
Staff walking around while line extended tot he door with only one teller open on fri.
Located inside the safeway supermarket, this is a very convenient location.
The employees here are friendly and go over and above with their customer service.
I cashed a large check here and they made an exception to give me the cash.
They're also open on saturdays....score!
Return factor - 100%
A few years ago on christmas eve, we went to our condo and walked into ankle-deep water.
The entire lower floor was flooded.
I called the state farm claims number and they had a crew out within the hour (it was almost midnight).
I cannot tell you how much i appreciate her personal service - especially in the very middle of christmas.
If i could give 0 stars, that would be more accurate.
This bank is the worst for service and accurate information!
Has no valid finance offers.
Avoid like the plague.
This is the bank of america corporate headquarters ladies and gentlemen!
Now you know where to direct your complaints!
If we'd all just go someplace else they'd close you know!?
That's kinda how this stuff works!
Personally, the second they unfreeze all my accounts for unexplained fraudulent activity i'll be the first to change banks!
I chose boa because more bank machines in europe and all of belize accepted their cards... but i'm over it!
Bank of hawaii here i come!
I kid you not.
And before you ask...
I asked to talk to the manager!
Little did i know that this was my lucky day!
Joanna helped me open a new checking account and explained the many services available from the credit union.
As the list of benefits grew, i began to wonder why i had spent years arguing with chase.
Blanca ramirez was so great!!
She helped open up a bank account, and gave excellent service!
Looking forward to banking with one nevada
It is weird that this is still listed as "washington mutual" on yelp, as chase took over quite awhile ago.
Anyhow, there is nothing of note about this location.
I very rarely go in to the banking center.
I do most of my banking online.
I hate that they are only open until 1pm on saturdays (must be nice)!
Parking is pretty horrible at this location, as there is nothing directly in front of the bank.
Keep in mind everyone's credit situation is different, but with all the credit co.'s mix-ups (my acct.
Not professional at all, when they yell out your information across the room to one another.
Not welcoming at all.
Instead of helping you out, they give you every excuse for you not to open an account there with them.
Sophia needs customer service classes asap!
This isn't my normal branch.
When i walked in there was a line but it moved pretty quick and the teller was extremely friendly.
I accidentally put an extra $100 in my deposit.
The teller caught it and added it.
By far this is the worst performing branch i've been through (note this is for the drive thru only).
The first time i used the drive thru was for a deposit (what i normally do) for my business account.
I provided the proper slips, everything was filled out correctly, etc.
I drive up, no one is at the teller.
I send in the deposit in the transport mechanism.
No one shows up.
Ring the button, no one shows up.
Honk the horn, no one shows up.
2 - 3 minutes later some one shows up and says "oh sorry i didnt see you back here".
I'v never been asked that at any branch i've been to other than the time i opened my accounts.
Finally deposit is done.
They've forgotten deposit receipts on more than one occasion.
The bank it self (us bank as a general business bank) is ok.
But this branch needs some serious work.
U.s. bank is terrible.
Their atm's malfunction, take your money and it takes 10 days to get it back.
Their customer service is horrible and worthless.
They care nothing about the customer and have a standard of service below zero.
They should be ashamed to even bee in business.
Bankers are nice but it took 45 mins to get a very basic cashiers check.
They obviously need to train there bankers better on basic procedures.
This weld fargo location is my second favorite one that i have been too in the city.
This place is not like that at all.
When a bank can thank you by your first name that makes me want to come back and bank here.
Worst customer service ever.
Here at the bank and there are 10 people in line and only 1 f'ing teller.
Wtf is going on over there.
I wish i can give chase a zero rating.
You have numerous listings as a company and not one of them have a 5 star.
That should tell you something.
I was a customer for years.
I closed all my accounts because everything about your company is terrible.
Your customer service, your policy, your "managers," everything.
My last nerve was when you were the only bank who tried to charge your customers to use the atm.
You're charging us to take our own money.
I hate your company and i have told numerous people that boa is terrible and everyone agrees.
There is a reason why businesses are leaving chase bank.
Services for businesses are diminished and there is no interest in making any transactions easy.
Chase should listen closely to companies that want to make deposits in a timely manner.
This is how banks make money, with deposits.
Add the business line back in provide the banking service such as notary and add staff not machinery.
I have a card but i want to work with a teller or a banker.
I want to have access to services not excuses.
I've been handling a relatives estate and noticed that she had an account with this credit union.
So, i went to the above named branch to see about it.
I met with banker tyler gardner.
Tyler was friendly, helpful and professional.
Michael is very professional, i highly recommended him.
From start to finish it was a very pleasant experience.
I will continue to refer him to all my colleagues and friends.
Everyone here is nice.
Probably should have checked yelp before sending them my info.
They requested my phone number for "verification" purposes, and said they are very concerned about customer privacy.
Which means i've gotten 7 phone calls the next morning, between 7 am and 10 am.
Are you people insane?
In the end, this is just like everything else.
You aren't getting multiple rates, you are getting your information sold to other mortgage companies.
Prepare for a blitz of emails and phone calls after requesting an online quote.
I refuse to use any mortgage company associated with lending tree.
I grew up coming to this bank with my mom and opened a checking/savings account after my 18th birthday!!
At the time it was nevada federal credit union.
I think the number is 16.
Over the years i've had a few overdrafts and the word is they will reimburse 2 a year.
I like being able to deposit in the atm.
Never have there been any lost cash or discrepancies!
One of the newer machines that count the money jammed with 18 one hundred dollar bills!
It was 7am on a saturday and there is no representatives available outside of business hours!!
Thankfully they immediately credited the entire amount!
I've done 2 credit builder loans that were very helpful in repairing my credit!
They were very simple to start!
I will continue banking here probably forever!
I've been a customer of azcu since 1993 roughly.
The customer service has been poor to so so 90% of the time.
If you need a loan of any kind, don't bother.
Worst bank i have ever been to.
No wonder the bank only had one customer for the time i was there.
They did an amazing job at repairing my credit.
My credit is now excellent.
I refer everyone i know that needs credit repair to them.
Thanks you david, melissa, galen, and rondi, and everyone else i have spoken with and worked with there.
Two stars for the two employees at this location.
What happened to customer service?
Why bother with a huge office of desks and cubicles?
Front counter for service is gone, replaced with a interactive computer.
Counter is tucked away and combined with the drive thru banking.
It was a rewards points visa and i had a nice rewards points balance where the points never expired.
This thrilled me to no end because i'd never been raped by a multinational before.
I felt so worldly.
You know what else is fun?
It did want my "prompt attention to this matter" though.
So, let's review shall we?
Multinational rape and rocco.
If that is what you are looking for in a bank, then tvmhb, inc is right up your alley.
Have a peachy day.
Thanks unify and ryan.
You are the best.
This is kathy, not debbie.
Debbie is my sister.
Stay away, far away from lending tree - what a nightmare!!
Worst bank i've ever dealt with.
I was ill and couldn't deposit funds into my account.
My account went negative because of a fee related to a return of an automated withdrawal.
They were unwilling to waive the charges or work with me in any way.
I could not talk to anyone with authority at the bank.
They kept sending me to someone named susan whose job it was to tell people they were out of luck.
I've dealt with several banks and this bank has the most onerous fee schedule i've ever encountered.
Liola little is a lovely angel.
She signed me up for my bank account and was really just amazing.
I left feeling better than ever.
It was a complete waste of time.
They should have said something when i told them my work is closed for a week, the girl should've know.
I'll keep my business at title max which would've given me $3000 instead of $700
There are three atms in the foyer.
This is a warning to anybody who is taking out a loan from alaska usa federal credit union.
When i called their 800 number i was basically told to go to hell that they had that right.
I was assuming that the excess amount would be charged to the principal of the account.
Instead they charged the extra amount to finance charges.
This means that they are trying to collect extra finance charges because i overpaid on the note.
I think this is fraud.
This is a warning to anybody who is taking out a loan from alaska usa federal credit union.
These people seem to think that any advanced payment gets placed against your finance charges and not against principal.
This agents office is outstanding.
And especailly jill, i just love her customer service and the way she treats me everytime i see her.
Very convenient location inside the fry's food store.
There's a closer one to my house, but i was already in this shopping area.
I needed to add an account and jamie was very helpful.
I was able to resolve what i came there to do and then did some shopping afterwards.
Gina was also super friendly.
Banking and shopping in one stop!
Never enough tellers working, yet they can afford an employee just to sit around and say hi.
Many people sitting around, but no tellers b working the windows.
Wouldn't be here expert for work.
No wonder i personally bank with chase....smh
I had just had a terrible experience at the ahwahtukee location but this place really turned it around.
Max was a pleasure who went out of his way to help me out with my banking needs.
Give max a raise!
He really knows what customer service is all about
This review is just about their service.
They are 3 and 2 and tend to run a muck.
I keep them in line but they can be a headache sometimes.
Marci is also really awesome as well.
Keep up the good work...this is my favorite citibank branch.
Brian b is fantastic  he helped me open my new account  and also is in the process of helping.
Me with a auto loan  he answered all my questions  and explained everything to me  thanks
Parking is kinda tough but the credit union itself was helpful for our issue.
We wanted to sign up for direct deposit but the employer couldn't find this bank's routing number in the system.
I thought all routing numbers were listed??
Anywho, it was resolved by two older ladies that were very friendly and courteous.
Not a bad first experience.
Worst bank i have ever done business with, i will never do business with them again.
I thought that would be good enough but it wasn't.
They sent me back a form they wanted signed, they also wanted a copy of my id.
Why is this so difficult?
It has taken me since the second week in december to get my address changed through this worthless establishment.
Save yourself the trouble and go with good old chase.
This bank is not worth the time, effort and frustration i've had to deal with!!
Nice clean friendly place guy helped and greeted me right away and answered all my questions.
He was very friendly and helpful will be doing banking with this bank.
The kicker is there's no way to close your account or stop being harassed, even after you click "unsubscribe".
Lending tree advertises for home equity lines of credit (heloc).
I filled out the form and immediately got a flood of phone calls from companies offering refinancing.
Not one of them offered helocs.
And they wouldn't stop calling.
Lending tree may be the biggest nuisance on the internet.
You'll be sorry if you call them.
All i wanted was to hopefully refinance my car for a lower rate then what i already pay.
It didn't matter that i showed them all my financials since 2012 and the yearly growth was more than impressive.
They didn't even take into consideration that i did a 60k renovation on one of my locations in 2015.
I guess i was wrong.
It doesn't matter, i am sure i can find an institution that would gladly have me as a client.
So arizona federal you can sit and spin with your stupid algorithms and inside the box thinking.
You wasted my day and you really suck.
Other than that i don't feel i need to reach out to you again.
If you want to know more about me google my name d'lisa shayn khademi (ledgewood).
There are many write ups about me and my ever expanding business.
Look up my business at www.salondshayn.com you will see that i would have been a great client to have.
But i am sure another institution will gladly take my business.
Bank of america sucks!!!!!!
Just opened a new account with them and i'm waiting for my direct deposit to kick in.
Later i logged on to see my funds are on hold and will not be available for an entire week!!!!!!
I have to wait another whole week to access my paycheck!!
I have bills due now!!!
They just lost another customer!
I should have deposited in my navy federal account had i known this was going to happen!
Never had these issues with navy federal.
They are way better and will be switching my direct deposit back to a bank i can trust.
I had fraudulent activity on my account.
One nevada took care of all the charges with no problem.
Thanks to kathy at one nevada.
I love this bank and all of the tellers.
I have been with cccu for at least 20 years!
I opened an account with them when i was in high school or my first year at unlv.
I was able to get my first credit card and first car loan through them.
The service is top notch!
I am a member of the best credit union in las vegas and would never transfer.
Always friendly and if i have a question, i can call and speak to a person.
This bank is terrible!!
Always a long wait.
Unfortunately i have to keep coming here because it's for my work.
I would never personally bank with bank of america.
They didn't ask permission to do this.
I've banked at busey for twenty years and have had excellent service from tellers, loan agents and personal bankers.
I came in at 4:30 in the afternoon to open an account with a significant amount of money.
It took several minutes to be greeted.
The woman was not accommodating or kind.
She claimed they do not open any accounts after 4:00pm.
I had driven quite a distance and was unable to get the account i came in for.
Because of her lack of assistance i have no interest in returning to this branch.
I know great customer service because i worked in that industry for a long time, and this was great service.
Bank of america customer for over 10 years.
1. you cannot contact anyone in authority.
3. their lame website offers 'contact us.'
'you'll have to contact bank of america mastercard.'
So who are the people(?)
Who i wrote to and responded?
And responded to me with the run-around.
No e-addresses are listed on any of their sites.
Good luck doing business with them- but you'll need more than luck.
Great place to bank!
Great rates on loans and easy process!
I've been banking here for 7 years since moving to the area.
Nicest people that i've ever dealt with.
I will be contacting the attorney general.
I would give it no stars if i could.
I get terrible service here each and every time.
Can't wait to stop going.
Whatever you do, don't don't don't make an inquiry on their website.
They give out your phone number and you will be hounded to death.
One of the dozens of numbers calling me called 4 times in half a day.
I've blocked at least a dozen numbers on my phone.
This business wasted my time.
In my case, i was looking for the best rate on a heloc for home improvement.
This brand is the worst branch!
They suck and prey off old people.
Not a safe place to bring family or kids into.
I've had a distant (as much as possible) relationship with bank of america for the past 10 years.
Hands down, this is the worst bank that exists.
If you can, get chase or wells fargo.
I told them if they wouldn't i would leave a negative review.
Apparently their company practice of charging a $30 late fee is worth a negative review to them.
These guys absolutely suck and don't expect any leniency if you accidentally pay too little!
Can't wait for this bank to get up-ended by better customer service banks!
I told them to forget it, i've never received mail from them anyway, i won't bother changing my address!
Save yourself the hassle and pick a different bank to do business with!!
I currently have a vehicle loan through them which i have had no issues with.
Very easy and secure payments.
But the service that latoya gave me was phenomenal!
She kept in touch every step of the way and kept me informed with everything that she knew about it.
Just from her great service is the reason why i rate this branch 5 stars.
Has no valid finance offers.
Avoid like the plague.
Obviously lending tree sells your information to telemarketers.
Bad form, lending tree!
This credit union is amazing.
I wish i could have joined them sooner.
Staff is extremely helpful and professional.
I highly recommend this credit union to anyone looking to get a loan or have a checking account.
Much better than any bank in town.
1 hour to get license renewed at dmv.
1 1/2 hrs in line at bofs bank of shit.
5 windows, 1 teller open at lunch time.
6-7 customers walking out for every person served.
Complete bullshit @ will be closing all accounts with these assholes.
All i wanted was to hopefully refinance my car for a lower rate then what i already pay.
It didn't matter that i showed them all my financials since 2012 and the yearly growth was more than impressive.
They didn't even take into consideration that i did a 60k renovation on one of my locations in 2015.
I guess i was wrong.
It doesn't matter, i am sure i can find an institution that would gladly have me as a client.
So arizona federal you can sit and spin with your stupid algorithms and inside the box thinking.
You wasted my day and you really suck.
Update:  seriously you respond 7 months later?!
You will be sorry!
What an ordeal i just went through with bank of america and their own appraisal company, land safe.
Yes, i should've googled them both before all of this.
I hope you are seeing this before choosing bank of america.
Definitely don't go with land safe as an appraisal company!
The whole thing was just ridiculous.
Citi bank is hands down one of the best banks in vegas.
Other major banks want to charge you fees left and right.
I have no hidden charges, receive free checks, everything is upfront.
Also, thank you robert arnold for being a great branch manager.
Keep doing what you're doing.
You're obviously doing something right.
This is the best bank i've ever been with.
All the employees take care of you as soon as you walk in.
I've never seen or heard of any other bank that will take care of their customers like this.
Recommended already to my family and friends!
I wish i could rate a zero star, this is the worst chase bank that exists in arizona.
2 tellers and 1 banker.
Both tellers are super rude, they talk in monotone and don't even smile.
So i'm guessing he was clicking where he shouldn't have been.
But the manner in which i was informed was so rude.
I could seriously feel the bad vibes that came from her.
Such a bad thing to have in business.
I hope they replace those two employees or something.
I hate coming here for that fact alone.
Multiple emails sent,  phone calls made & voicemails left bur nothing returned.
My only assumption is they are either all dead or the office is closed.
The lake mead branch is in a low income area and i do not feel safe in the parking lot.
Also, the acoustics inside is terrible.
The lobby is so noisy i cannot hear what the teller is saying.
On the plus side, the teller i dealt with, indira, was great.
She was cordial and professional and did everything right.
I would give 0 stars if it would let me.
The software they have at desert schools is a joke.
Since i have been a loyal member (around 2 years) i have have dealt with 3 separate outages.
When these outages occur you are unable to check balances, use atms, use phone access, use mobile app or online.
These outages last anywhere from 1-3 days.
This place is a joke!
Stay away from desert schools!
My mother is a senior and only has her social security.
She had taken out $40.00 from her account at the atm and they allowed it.
When someone lives on a fixed income and things like this happened it scared her.
It was close to the first of the month so she waited for her check to be put in.
Then she double checked what was taken out and what she should have.
She got the final balance and made out her checks for her bills.
She was really upset and scared because it would be 3 weeks before her next check.
If things kept going the way they were she may not have any check on the first of the month.
So i came up with the money to put in the account to stop any more fees.
She has health issues and does not need the stress.
This all started because they allowed her to remove the $40.00 when they say she did not have it.
There was a customer in the bank when i got mad about this.
She said were do you bank that this does not happen.
I told her a credit union one fee is taken no one after another.
In general bank of american has been a user friendly bank thus far.
However, the phone customer service is one of the worst services i have ever experimented in a bank.
Being such a large financial institution should improve their services.
High checking account fees.
Poor customer service, you can do better.
Go to a credit union where they value your business.
Danielle wagner is a great lender to work with.
She is professional and knowledgeable.
The most that stands out about her is her communication.
She is always updating all parties and keeping us informed about the transaction which is extremely important.
I have been going to this branch for over 3 yrs.
The staff is always smiling and friendly.
Professional and on top of things.
Always ready to help and assist!
Thank you arizona central!!!
Misleading information with wrong reviews for lenders.
I was literally rejected by lenders while was still filling out the application form on their website!
It is more than obvious they sell your information to third parties with no intention whatsoever for a loan consideration.
I got 2 emails declining my loan application from the only two lenders they offered within 5 min of submission!
Absolutely automatic responses with no intention for giving loans.
Avoid at all costs!
These guys don't do anything but collect your money.
They will nickel and dime you to death with their smart credit and fix nothing.
Don't easy your time.
Most of the good reviews are from employees.
Don't pay $100 per deletion, that's ripping you off.
This had been the worst experience.
If i didn't have to give this a star it would be negative.
I walked into the bank today di/durango and needed a wire transfer it was urgent.
The nice teller went over to the supervisor ella and  she said no to go somewhere els.
There is a branch on fort apache.
I've been with wellsfargo for so many years always the best service.
Felt like talking to a manger about him.
I recently refinanced my home with the help of david, he did an amazing job.
Every time i go in, there is a line of 10 plus people.
They do not have enough staff to do business.
The location is also so outdated.
Be prepared to wait wait wait!
Find a modern bank to do business with, i know i am switching asap!
We love the personal touch rather than just being a number at a big bank.
Everyone has been so nice to us whether in person or over the phone.
So happy we chose to come here for our financial needs!
Update - the reporting agency finally updated my report and brought me to life!!
Azfcu did report me deceased on 7-20-14!
That being said i had to fight a bit hard to convince the agency to remove it but they did.
They wouldn't allow azfcu on the phone with me to comment, but at least they were able to listen!
I believe there is still an exclusivity in belonging to a credit union.
Desert schools has always been good to us.
Any fees are minimal in comparison to other banks.
I have been banking with them for about ten years.
In that time, any issues i had were resolved promptly.
So they claimed i didn't have insurance from 8/12-9/17 the letter clearly states 9/17.
It's now december 6th and still trying to get this fixed.
Been in 2 different branches and spoke and faxed letter numerous times.
Gigantic pain in the butt.
I will never use them again.
I bank with wells fargo, so any branch is fine with me.
This one happens to have converted to the check scanning deposits without an envelope and that's quite convenient!
I had to stop a second time because the armored truck person was emptying the atm machines.
Do they have to close everything outside when they're doing this?
You definitely lost a star when i had to come back to make the deposit.
They advertise a credit card sign on bonus.
Foolishly, i fell for it.
Won't be using their card from now on and i'll be closing out my account.
I won't let people i no longer trust anywhere near my money.
Think they take care of veterans...think again.
Tina your million dollar smile the last 10 years  plus brings a lot of value to this great company.
It's so upsetting when you deal with someone who looks like you but treats you like an enemy.
Hoping she wasn't going to be as unpleasant as she seemed, i gave her a chance.
She spent 10mins literally discouraging me from opening an account.
She won this round!
Worst customer service ever from a cocky cashier whose name starts with a "d" let just leave it at that.
He accused me of foraging a check in front of him at the counter and refused to cash it.
You got to be joking me.
Its a bank they got cameras in there and its illegal last i heard.
I had to demand to speak to the manager.
The manager was very nice she looked everything over and apologized.
Big shout out to "joe" & "dan" for coming through on my ride!!!!
Truly thankful and grateful for such a friendly, and caring experience!
Getting me the best in rates, apr, mileages, payments and looks :)  may god bless you 2 gentlemen abundently!
#clark county credit union #joe #dan
I just didn't think they were very friendly!
I could have reached over & taken anything out of this box.
Or even simpler...took a picture of it?
I told the girl who helped and she had no reaction at all.
I mentioned it to another girl at the front & she said it's bolted in there.
So it's a design feature.
I guess i felt compelled to right this review just out of concern for customer security!
One rep 30 in line total bs don't bank at bofa worst service in vegas rainbow and cheyenne
I love doing all my business banking at this chase branch.
Christian, one of the private client banker's, is more than accommodating and is a great guy to work with.
Ask for christian and you always be taken care of!
Came in here one day to talk to a banker about signing for a new credit card (chase sapphire reserve).
Appreciate the courtesy but wdf such a large location with clearly at least 10 cubicle/offices but only 2 people working?
Asked for other locations and ended up going to the one on ft apache and sahara instead.
She listed the locations pretty fast.
Luckily i caught most of them...
Love this newer version of azfcu.
Was informed our branch on bell was closing and we had to move the safe deposit box  by october 25th.
Figured this location was most convenient when traveling.
Michael was super friendly,  helpful and just overall good to work with.
Got our new box opened, questions answered and friendly service.
So i spoke with, let's say maria, last oct about a $2000 loan.
My credit is no good, my car a 2012, paid off, and in decent condition.
So i get a call a month later saying my payment is due.
I figured it was a mix up and told them to speak with maria.
They said, sorry, you have to pay now.
I said, no, sorry, for you, speak to maria... it went back and forth.
Not a chance in hell.
This is my sunday bank.
When i need to make a quick deposit or withdrawal, this is the branch to which i go.
It's easy to get to, there are several other businesses here that makes the whole area a one stop place.
I have found the tellers to be quite competent when i've had to go inside.
Actually, i normally go right next door to the starbucks in albertson's.
Like i said,ma one stop place!
I usually don't come to this branch as i usually have to make an u-turn getting into this location.
However the experience was good, it was fast to do my payments and deposits.
I believe they open up and close late too.
Overall service was okay.
I bank with wells, the staff are friendly and speedy.
I had an issue with my account before as the wrong type was set up for me at the bank.
I would give them a 0 but i can't.
I called their customer service and they tell you that there is nothing that they can do.
They would not even transfer to a manager or make any effort to help.
They kept repeating the same words of the 72hour hold many times like a parrot.
I have had the account for over 13 years and have conducted other lines of business with them.
So be careful with them and remember no to use the atm and their unfriendly customer service dept.
No access to my money, deposits, payments.
Then they post a message that even some of their backups were destroyed??
I have always avoided big banks but at least big banks have better, more widespread services and backups.
In general, i have never been a fan of bank of america.
However, i have a prepaid debit card with them that i sometimes withdrawl cash.
I have been to this location twice.
Both times there was little or no time waiting in line.
The tellers were pleasant.
Service is good at this location.
They used to be great,  20 years ago.
This is a "convenience" fee for their convenience, because they chose to use a 3rd party vendor.
No notice,  just one day money comes up missing.
So yeah, i'm getting much faster service at chase without all the bullshit charges.
I like to support local businesses,  but i won't be going back.
Helpful, informative, and patient employees.
Took over half an hour to explain everything i had questions on.
I felt no pressure to open a new account with them which is much appreciated.
Almost the worst bank ever!
Just slightly above nationstar...
This is ground hog day allover.
One, wyndam capital mortgage, was professional and i believe legitimate.
I tried to cancel, but lending tree makes that very difficult: 1.
There is no place on the lending tree website that mentions or directs you to how to cancel  2.
I asked "how can i cancel" in a "frequently asked questions" box but received no answers.
Questions about loans all received fast responses.
But i received calls from way more than 5 lenders and asked how to cancel all.
The agent contended lending tree only matched people with only five lenders.
I asked to be transferred to the general counsel's office and the agent said "one moment please."
She obviously sent me to a line where people are cut off after waiting on hold for a long time.
Came here to spread out some money...i had a buddy recommend them, and their rates were good at the time.
), but since that wasn't really what i needed here, it didn't bother me.
One of the worst credit unions i have ever worked with.
I have been a member for a little over 9 years, and have had nothing but problems.
Everyone do yourself a favor, cancel your account and go somewhere else!!
I've never seen anything like .....clearly the customer is last with this team....
I never committed a crime or committed any fraud, but they treating me like a criminal.
I truly believe they're lying.
I hope this bank goes bankrupt.
They have restrooms but only for employees.
Never been to a bank with no restrooms for their customers.
I needed to stop at the atm last night.
This is not inside the lucky center but rather along trop.
It was easy in and out and i was on my way quickly.
There's not much else to review about an atm machine.
They always greet you with a smile and provide friendly customer service.
Walked in to get info about opening a checking account.
The woman didn't even look up to make eye contact.
She said i should look at the big sign in their lobby for details or go online.
I asked for any information i could take with me since i wasn't getting answers i needed.
Clearly annoyed, she called for a guy to come over to hand me a brochure.
Read the rest of their reviews.
It seems i dodged a bullet and will continue my search for my savings and checking needs.
Best bank on the market right now!
The customer service is just fantastic.
Thank you for all that you do!!
Went in for more information about their low apr's on a car loan.
Very friendly staff, fast service and no waiting.
Everyone there is always so helpful and very friendly, there really care about there customers!
I highly recommend going to this location..
Words fail me in describing what a horror bank of america is.
Wall street loves them.
I have filed a complaint with the consumer finance protection bureau.
Boa's response continues to be miserable.
Supposedly i am talking to an assistant in the office of the president and ceo.
I thought, "hey, this will be better."
Talked to my new account rep (the assistant in the office of the president and ceo) exactly once.
Since then he has never returned a call in almost two months.
(every time you call they say, "i'll call you back within one business day.
If not call my manager.")
You call the manager and he never returns calls.
You continue up the line until you get no manager to contact.
No one ever calls.
Finally, someone made the mistake of answering the phone.
Then the person who was to handle my file went on vacation.
And they never figured out that they hadn't done anything.
But now we were in contact.
At first the rep i talked to said that none of my information was on file.
Some hemming and hawing and... voila... they found it.
It had just arrived!
That was three weeks ago.
Now i am starting the whole message leaving, not getting return phone calls thing again.
And that assistant in the office of the president and ceo?
It's just a boiler room operation.
Called up to inquire about refinancing my car loan.
My credit is great so i thought it wouldn't be an issue.
I mean we can run it if you want but i'm warning you that it's a waste of time".
So that was that....  a month later i give it another try and contact one nevada credit union instead.
The approved me right away with a super low interest rate.
I let them know what happened at cccu and they were appalled.
Maybe try to help your customers before judging them based on a customer service reps opinion.
This is really the only us bank branch that i use.
Very helpful, wonderful people!
Always understaff, dont come during rush hour.
Location is good tho, prefer if they have longer hours on weekend
Called to get routing number for my checking account.
Well it is not there they xxx it out.
What a crock of crap.
I was trying to by a house and my credit was to low to qualify.
My wife and i were able to buy our home and at a very good interest rate.
Rondi and fortress credit pro know thier stuff and the laws that follow.
I am so happy with my insurance and the folks at marsden's office are a big part of it!
Patrick and his staff have always been friendly, personable, and so very easy to talk to.
They always seem to have time to answer my questions and i come up with a lot of them.
And their location is convenient - right on the capitol square.
David driscoll did an amazing job.
He took us step by step through everything and made sure we understood what the process was like.
He always assured us if we had any questions or concerns that we could contact him about it.
He even took the time and went with us to our final signing which was greatly appreciated.
We will definitely recommend him to all our friends and family who are looking to buy a new home.
Walked into chase today to get a simple change order because i bank with them for my business.
She then came back with only less then half of my money separated and said i'm the only teller.
And i can't do it now because i have other things to get done.
This was my first time at this location.
Been a member for over 15 years, in december of 2014 went to re-fi my home.
Really,i  never heard anything from any loan officer!
Sad,, they used to have good customer service
Friendly, but didn't follow my deposit instruction which i didn't realize until the next night when i checked my account.
Where's the zero star option?
Just want everyone to know that we began the process with lending tree online only 30 minutes ago.
When was the last time you threw out your ssn like that?
When was the last time you were hung up on by anyone representing a supposedly reputable company?
Lending tree is a tangled mess of a mill of insulting unqualified representatives and is completely deplorable.
I can't believe they are credentialed.
Frankly, it feels criminal.
Convenient location right at the freeway.
The schwab website has limited info for investors making a trade.
It's best to get info from other websites and then go back to the schwab website to make your trade.
Their people at that location are friendly and are able to field questions.
Do not use sharonview, they have the worst service level of any bank i've ever worked with.
This group was not only inept, but disrespectful and clearly have no business in the banking industry.
I will never go back to arizona credit union.
No one was around to help me figure out what to do when i entered the building.
There was zero minorities working 3.
When asking about a loan, the gentleman purposely tried to confuse me without actually inputting into his computer.
He just didn't want to help me.
I do not recommend going back.
The employees at this branch are very friendly and helpful.
Generally young and energetic.
The member focused, non profit, orientation of the credit union really shines through here.
No drive thru at this branch.
There is, however, an atm out front you can use if you don't mind getting out of your car.
They're non profit, but they still have to cover the cost of salaries, rent, computers...
Still, there's a chance they may offer better deposit and loan rates than the big banks.
Not a bad trade off.
One teller for a full lobby at the beginning of the month!
Thanks for wasting my time!
Nice enough processor but have taken over two and a half months and still don't have mortgage done.
It's a small mortgage we easily qualify for on home which appraised high.
They lost 3 sets of documents we faxed to them.
Go elsewhere if you can.
They hold onto deposits for a day.
If you make a purchase they deduct it from your account immediately even though it is not verified.
Boa charges everytime you use a atm that isnt theirs so you pay fees on both sides of the transaction.
They fee you to death.the big corporate banks are robbing the people.
Wake up america support your local credit union and stop giving them your business.
They don't care one bit about you only making money off of you.
They do it because we allow it.
The fees charged you would be far better off keeping cash in a secure place.
I hope america wakes up to the corporate takeover in america.
Boa is one of the biggest offenders!!
The line here is pathetic and no one cares.can you hire some more tellers?
Let me preface by saying this review is based on two occurrences for the same reason.
I will not go too much into detail seeing as how it was a long, frustrating, and exhausting two visits.
I initially went into america first fcu on a friday to wire money into my other bank account(out-of-state).
I was instructed that it would not get there til monday.
Come tuesday, i noticed my money was not yet transferred.
On my visit back to clear up the confusion, i was ready to speak to the branch manager.
However, jackie was willing to resolve my issue.
She was understanding, patient and cooperative.
She apologized for the confusion last friday and the run-arounds i was given in order to complete a simple request.
I appreciated her assistance and am glad my request was finally fulfilled.
If it wasn't for jackie bienvenido, i would have rated this branch only 1 star.
This bank sucks they want to charge me $5 to cash a check drawn on their bank.
Glad i don't bank here.
On hold for 1 hour and 10 minutes ....and still waiting.
.... customer service is rocking the experience !!!
Now on hold 1 hour and 23 minutes ....pick your bank wisely.
And now 2 hours and.14 minutes on hold.
2 hours and 24 minutes.
You can't make this up
Their website is super user friendly and their products are great.
Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a credit union!
Yep - i wish i'd checked yelp too.
All this does is invite a persistent deluge of marketing phone calls.
Client should not be the one to tell you the problem
I really like the idea of a credit union versus a bank.
Customer service is really helpful in person and i like that they have extended hours at some locations.
However, when you do talk to a live representative they are friendly and knowledgeable.
I don't feel rushed or treated like another number.
They really try to work with you and address your questions or concerns.
They offer competitive rates for car and home loans too.
I really would recommend america first credit union for your banking needs.
Member of this cu for over 8 years now.
I do have a serious problem with their policy of transferring money from checking to savings or reverse.
I always assumed it was my money and not their's.
I made my transfers on the web site so there was nothing for a cu employee to do.
I direct deposit my ss check into the checking account.
Plus it would wind up costing more than going through pcf.
I walked up to the teller, nicole, and she was sweet as pie.
I got my bank draft without issue and for only $7.50.
Very good experience overall.
Desert schools is one of the worst banking institutions i have come across in my life time.
Chase is worse then them and that isn't saying much.
There are plenty of other credit unions that are exceptional... alliant is one of them!
Don't waste your time with this bank
Bank of america....there when you need them.
One thing i never understand,  why do they leave the tv's on when they are closed?
Didn't we used to get in trouble for that?
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
Marcus g at the s. rainbow location saved my life!
An hour before they close and a holiday on friday, he helped me with all my needs and my anxiety!!!
Thank you so much for working so hard to get me the cash i needed.
I was able to get in and out on a very timely manner.
As i walked into the teller area she greeted me from afar and welcomed me over to her booth.
Quick, easy, no line at 9:20am.
I was very excited when i saw chase bank signs at this new construction site near my home.
The bank has now open, it is gorgeous inside but lacks customer service.
Is this how out of touch we become?
I guess so they can save cost by not having to pay tellers... but really?
This agency is useless!
Paul moved to a different branch so it's just another wells fargo.
One of the tellers is not real friendly but most of the ones are ok.
I couldn't ask for a better agent!!!
If your looking for a honest and reliable insurance agent, william is the agent for you!
Glen mills, pa is terrible.
Went to another branch where they took my check at the counter and deposited it...
This is not the first time i have been unable to accomplish my intended banking at this branch location.
I guess i should know better than to return.
I will not return to this location again for anything!
She would rather talk than actually work.
I complained to the manager and the whole time she kept interrupting our private conversation.
Amazing credit union, the staff is amazing and very friendly and helpful.
I was with bofa for about 10 years and i am so happy that i switched over!
Cause afcu has been so helpful with all needs.
If you haven't made the switch i would do it.
Been in this branch about 4 times to handle transactions that require either a teller or a desk representative.
Each time, the branch is understaffed and packed with people.
If you can't hear the bell do not have the open sign on for us to waste our time.
Now i am late to work and very annoyed.
Very inconvenient and a waste of my time and the person behind me.
Horrible horrible service, i am disappointed in you wells fargo
This is not a review of a branch or its personnel.
This is a review of the bank's mind-boggling bureaucracy and its callous treatment of customers.
Boa needs to remember what customer service means and stop treating us as though we're account numbers and not people.
Thank you for your support.
Friendly staff and conveniently located at windmill and 215 as you get off the highway it's right there.
When you get frustrated with big banking try the clark county credit union.
I used them to finance an new vehicle.
I made the purchase in ca, a process i was told would be very smooth and simple.
Unfortunately, it has been very confusing, unsettling and frustrating.
After receiving the email that i had been approved for the requested loan amount, i went shopping.
I purchased the vehicle and a warranty through desert schools.
Apparently there were 3 applications submitted for me 2 of which were inaccurate.
Apparently the lady a spoke to submitted 3 inquiries on my credit.
Everyone i talked to was so incredibly rude and no one really seemed all that competant.
No one really knew what was going on ever and there was obviously zero cross communication between departments.
I would reccommend chase bank, or pretty much any other lending institution over desert schools.
They're much more responsive, quick and friendly at this branch.
I've been much happier there lately.
Michael and his team are very professional and helpful.
Michael helped me who is first time home buyer to closed escrow within 20 days .
Highly recommend who need to buy new house or refinance .
Very happy and thanks full for the service
I absolutely love this branch!
I have been a member for over 4 years.
Actually i do not belong to this bank, but my husband does.
We love this place
Do not do business with this bank.
They are steeling the hard working american people money.
I'm not sure why the bad reviews as mike d said.
I've been banking here for over 3 years and have not had any problems.
There weren't many banks that fit this description.
I don't remember the exact details and might have them off.
We got the $200 when we met the criteria.
Not 1 penny has been ever assessed.
We earn a little interest on our accounts, but we don't keep huge balances over a few thousand.
I don't have any wait or a long wait.
I always get my questions answered and am helped in the way i need.
Didn't count any money to do this.
The kids did this for many weeks until all their change was gone.
Honestly, we love this bank.
They have great services for what we need.
I've never had any issues in the maybe 3-4 yrs we've been with them.
Friendly tellers, employee opening and closing the front door for clients.
Every wells fargo has amazing service!
I work at a competitor bank and know good banking service!
I will be sending them legal documents shortly to receive restitution for damages incurred from use of their service.
That includes the site that sent me to them originally, kelley blue book or kbb.
Maria on the end station.
Money is dirty and germy.
I dont want to touch your saliva..
Check the camera(s)  this was thursday 9/6 at 3:54pm
Which is ridiculous because theirs no one here.
Well maybe that's the problem they have one banker helping everyone.
Next time i'll just go to another branch.
Wells fargo dealer services are horrible.
At this point i would not even use their atms.
We have a home loan through them and they still treat us like a burden.
Hours indicate the center is open until 1 pm on sunday's which is incorrect.
I have been with bank of nevada for 10 years.
It used to be bank west of nevada and had much better customer service, less fees and more personalized.
They are just like the other big soulless banks like us bank, citibank and chase.
My friends keep recommending credit unions.
Maybe i'll give it a try!
After 15 years as a member i have closed all of my accounts.
This is a review of bank of america as a whole and not any particular branch.
I use to be a fan of bank of america until they lied to me.
I purchased software online using their credit card.
The software turned out to be a scam - it didn't work, it didn't do anything.
I did the next thing i could which is dispute the charge with bank of america.
Today i received a letter from them stating they did not receive the reason for the dispute.
Their reason for denying my dispute is wrong - a lie.
I can only assume from this is that they don't care about fraud when it happens to their customers.
When they say you're protected from fraud, do not believe them!
I just wanted to check the current interest rates with various lending companies.
I entered my information but refused to enter my ssn.
Why does this company need my ssn to give me general information about current interest rates and offers?
I had a recent experience with this institute and it was a nightmare.
One of our client needed financing and we send then to this location to apply for a loan.
It took them 5 days to respond and they had the highest rate.
Approve within 2 hours and signed that evening and check in hand by 4 pm.
The attitude and lack of training at one nevada was simply shocking.
Oh btw the rate that ended with major bank was lower also.
Absolute worst customer service i've ever experienced.
Changing banks just because i can't stand dealing with any moron who works here.
The bank tellers are horrible and have attitudes every single time i've had to go into the bank.
I literally dread having to have an in-person interaction here.
I go here at least twice a month by necessity and i dread it every time.
My youth group has a existing account for donations and its it painfully slow.
"all of us serving you", all of who, there is only 1 teller at noon on a monday?!?
Don't waste your time and try a free standing location if possible.
Get more staff guys or the mgr should schedule better for peak customer times (monday's at noon)!
Joanna was awesome and help me with my new account.
She help me with my new checking account.
This bank caters to mostly college students.
I have to keep on reminding myself about that whenever i come in.
They sometimes treat their patrons like they are young and just out of their parents house.
Yes, i know that you can deposit in the atms outside, but no, i wanted to talk to a clerk.
They know what they are doing and are efficient with their transactions.
I just wish they would focus on customer service instead of pointing people to the atms.
We started working with sharon for our 3 vehicles and homeowners and she made the transition hassle free.
Shortly after becoming sharon's client, my car was stolen and subsequently returned but it was damaged.
She was responsive, thorough and helped ease a tremendously stressful situation.
Her agency cares about their clients and gives you personalized, "home town" attention.
They keep you waiting and never say a word to you.
Been sitting here for shelf hour.
Don't sign up for this unless you are willing to be bombarded day and night with crappy loan offers.
Huge mistake on my part - steer clear of these guys!
I've been a member of sharonview federal credit union for 27 years.
I've experienced nothing but greatness with the staff at any location that i've visited.
My current office here in fayetteville nc are the best!
I became disabled in 2012 and wendy, mrs. rivera went above and beyond to assist me with my needs.
Dome days i hurt so bad that they or the branch manager would come to the car and assist me.
My children are also members here as well.
I love sfcu since i was 18 years old.
Brandon an associate in greenville, sc is an awesome associate as well.
She is an asset to the organization.
I went to this credit union to make a shared branching loan payment.
The gals were friendly, but i was really shocked at the appearance of the teller who helped me (nicole).
Her elbow would stick out whenever she bent her arm.
It was so obvious and really sloppy looking.
I was so embarrassed for the credit union to have someone working with members who looked like that.
When i opened my account, they pushed the credit card.
I was approved, but with a  2,000 limit.
I already have a cap1 card with 8k limit.
So i asked if i could submit a credit increase.
Since they use transunion in their decisions, and my transunion fico is 747(excellent), i thought that would be no problem.
So i closed the credit card the next day.
A paltry 2000 limit with a 747 fico is an insult to my intelligence.
You will be harassed by phone and email for days/weeks after you unsubscribe.
It's so annoying and should be illegal.
Support a local lender in your town!
F u lending tree!!
This 853 bank location is my favorite bank due to your very friendly and professional staff like tina most especially!
She is very patient & professional,  no wonder she been there very loyal & definitely  an asset to your company.
She should commended for her good work.
Have been using alahambra now for 2 months to make my van payment.
I am always greeted with the friendliest people.
I will use them for a long time.
Thank you alahambra for having awesome staff!
They called and working hard to correct a problem that had gone on way to long.
I've gotten phone calls,  follow ups and kept me informed of every thing as it happens.
Thank you for your immediate attention to this problem.
She'd rather continue to gossip with the girls in the drive through window than have to actually do her job.
So glad i personally bank at sunwest credit union where they put their customers first.
I wish there was a closer bank for our business account though....
This place is great, easy money.
Corina and april were fantastick!
They made me feel important with no hassles.
Id recommend maximum title to everybody.
However, they have had a change in their second tier manager and the new one there is very unprofessional.
Her being flustered was so noticeable, it became a topic of conversation among folks waiting about her behavior.
Rude, not knowledgeable, not ready for the job.
Good because i just missed the cutoff by 5 mins and they were nice enough to post same day anyway.
I was depositing a check for someone else.
I'm glad i bank elsewhere.
Down to earth, easy to talk to and his team members are friendly and professional.
When i walked into the office i was greeted with friendly hellos.
It became very frustrating.
I decided to start looking for other insurance.
Price was important, but customer service was my number one concern.
This office brought great customer service and was able to save me money.
I also opened a bank account with state farm bank.
I had no idea state farm had one.
I do not know why i stay with this horrible bank!
Time to find a nice friendly credit union.
Here we are preparing for a hurricane and what does this stupid bank do???
Suspend my debit card for fraudulent activity!
I used it once, 3 days ago, a block from my house for $50!
Other than that there have been no debit card transactions this month!
They give you a number to call and as of now, i have been on hold for 33:32 mins!
This place leeks all your money out.
It's safer to keep in a glove box of a car.
No one banks here anymore except a fool.
Do not bank here!
Perfect for all my personal and small business needs.
Great communication as well as i'm always greeted with a smile.
Very solution oriented branch that offers you everything to get your personal and business banking on track.
Only have 1 teller, all the time.
I don't care if there are 20 people in line the manager turns a blind eye.
He will find a way to actually leave the lobby.
Since i've been in line (10 min),  2 people have walked out.
One guy told them "worse costumer service".
I'm so glad this isn't the bank who handles my personal account.
Thank goodness i only have to come here for work related stuff.
Bank at chase, at least they still have drive thru, several tellers and open longer hours!
They called me about my financed truck and offered a pretty good deal on credit card options.
The lady was really nice but i haven't used them before and can't find one review?
I guess that might be a good thing?
Then the payoff part is such a joke.
Then someone calls you a week later.
It's almost as if they don't want you to pay it off and all they do is play games.
What a joke right, supposedly it was my mistake to have "misread" it.
Clearly the website says "as soon as the same day".
Don't waste your time.
Save yourself the hassle.
If i could give negative stars i would!
This is the corporate headquarters office so this one makes the most sense to review.
Apparently boa does not value all customers equally.
It does not pay to be poor and bank with these guys.
In my case, that seems to be under 800 dollars.
What exactly is there to maintain?
It is numbers on a screen.
How does it cost more to maintain an account of 800 rather than 8000 or 80000?
Any way, i moved abroad for a job.
I did what i was supposed to do.
....apparently not the scotiabanks and  colpatrias in the country i now reside.
Make sense of that one.
Either you are a partner bank or you are not.
Had no luck getting that money back.
I guess the scoatiabanks and colpatrias in my country do not count.
One customer at a time boa?
Yah, as long as you are a customer with money...good riddance, and wishing you all the karma in the world!
I am writing this review on behalf of my mom, dolly.
She purchased a home in nv and is very happy with the service michael has provided.
He is very professional and kind.
He responds to emails very quickly.
He keeps you informed with your loan and closing went smoothly.
Incredibly knowledgeable staff, i have always had all of my questions answered and in a timely manner.
Very friendly and they really do care about your well being especially when you need it the most.
My claim was dealt with quickly and efficiently.
Lack of professional courtesy.
It seems i'm not the only person who is experiencing trouble with this credit union.
They want seven dollars to cash a certified bank check drawn from their bank.
It's a freaking certified check
So my hard time actually took place at the spring mountain and arville branch at the drive-thru window.
The teller would not allow me to cash/deposit my check.
I asked, "so, if my legal name was nathaniel but the check said nathan, you wouldn't accept it?"
I asked for a manager and of course there was none.
Me: "oh, i'd just like to buy a roll of quarters please."
(pulls out $10 bill) teller: "we can't exchange currency for non-customers."
Me: "it's not a currency exchange, i come in to get quarters every couple of weeks."
Teller: "well we can't serve non-customers" me: "this hasn't been an issue before.
How do you get new customers if you can't help those who don't yet have an account?"
(looks nervously at security guard) me: that's fine.
I am certain, however that i won't come back.
To be clear, i moved to the area relatively recently and have been working full-time.
Having an out of state bank has been inconvenient and i have been looking into establishing a pittsburgh bank account.
First niagra is no longer on that list.
Banks are first and foremost community service organizations.
I will have no further dealings with them and will encourage everyone i know to do the same.
For the record:  -currency exchange means changing between two different currencies.
-all successful businesses serve their communities.
The other financial organizations i've patronized for decades seem to realize this.
Unfortunately it seems that some employees (and perhaps clientele) of first niagra may mistake profit and service for irreconcilable aims.
I got a weird feeling about this bank the moment i walked in.
No sign in sheet,  no one was at the front.
2 ladies at the front was very chatting with each other.
No one ever approach the customers sitting in the chair and ask if anyone needs help with anything.
Front line customer service definitely needs improvement.
Lendingtree is a classic bait-and-switch scam.
Their banner ad on the new york times website promoted 2.75% for a 15 year mortgage.
I was trying to refinance our home over 15 years.
If anybody can qualify for the 2.75% mortgage, it should be me.
Instead, the best rate offered was 3.4%; not even close.
Lendingtree sells your information to a bunch of high pressure lenders.
The non-stop calls and emails from the companies mean you can no longer answer your phone.
This happened about 2 months ago.....
The bankers at this location are rude!
I came in and to speak with a banker about my account.
I wasn't acknowledged for over 10 minutes.
The lady banker kept waking past.
I finally said excuse me i waiting to see banker.
A few other people came in requesting assistance which she proceeded to turn them away also.
He  slid it across the desk without handing back to me as i handed it to him.
Very well maintained branch with extremely nice and helpful employees!
I have been to this branch several times and i always receive the best customer service.
Everyone is always smiling and friendly.
Greed is not good!
Duck you lending tree!
Do not... give... these... disgusting people... your phone number!!!
It's ok because it's their job...
I learned the  money market minimum balance was raised after they took $10.00 for the monthly service charge.
Thanks for the .05 interest.
On-line banking  gives a big whopping .90 and better service.
By far the best bank i have visited!
:p thank you to rosa for being a great teller and making my deposit a seamless experience today!
No customer service at all!
Cheryl is the worse!!!
Tons and tons of fees my advice don' t invest your time or money into this bank!
Just bought a 2016 subaru from tod hale on friday, this is my second time buying from him.
Awesome experience from tod and also amanda young from arizona federal where i financed the vehicle.
I felt like i got an amazing price and amazing customer service.
As long as i live in arizona i will always do my car shopping with tod!
You'll never find anyone else who has your best interest in mind and is so easy to work with.
Thanks tod and amanda for the amazing experience and the amazing car!
Horrible, the worst, shocking, criminal, i am not sure how else to describe the worst so-called "credit union" in history.
Me and my wife each submitted an online application for an account over a month ago and never heard back.
Not professional at all and will be putting our life savings elsewhere!
They refused to take it and refused to tell me why how is this customer service?
Do urself a favor use other company services...
The people that work there are a joke!
Not professional never return a phone call they slow can send a simple message or email.
U can ask small little favor and u gonna be waiting for evert to be done.
Save your anergy your time and your money and go to other place!
Her staff is excellent taking my calls right away and getting me in whenever needed!
Thank you brenda wix and your staff for being great to my family and i!
Strike three with this chase!
Wow i am blown away at how terrible their customer service is and the poor management by someone named michelle.
I have been with chase for over 15 years and i have never had service like this.
Even working at ml and bofa i still stayed with chase as i loved their service.
So, heres a first for me.
Tried to deposit 70.00 in to my daughter's account.
They would not take cash!!!!!
Told me i could transfer from my chase account but i don't bank with them or get a money order!
They need a paper trail.
Isnt tbe deposit slip, my id, their end of day balancing of the teller drawer etc enough?
Im sure they will put a 3 day hold on the money order too.
We pay fees and service charges for what?
B o a takes my rent payment in cash with an id but i don't bank there.
I told teller about b of a.
She said they are changing their procedures also.
I hate these banks and the petty policies and procedures!!
Before i even completed the survey the junk calls began flooding in from 3rd party lenders.
Beware of completing their online survey!
No useful information is provided at the end, just heaps of abuse!
They refused to remove the negative report on the credit report which is reported by credit bureau agencies.
We complained to them to them several times and hired an attorney to sue them.
Do not do business with them!!!!
They are rude, unprofessional and do no take responsability for their actions!!
Friendly, always professional and i enjoy coming to this branch because of it.
...4+ years and zero issues.
I like the personal attention you get in the close quarters of the store branch.
I hate banking at this location and main st urbana.
Last year my elderly father slipped on the ice that surrounded the atm machine on a business day.
Not one person assisted him...employee or customer.
My parents have been banking with this place for over 50 years.
I sent an email after my father landed in the hospital and several months of painful recovery.
She would get back to me.".
Nothing...i even called with no luck reaching her.
Anyways, a year later my dad has deteriorated and there was never any apology.
The lack of salt alone could have been a lawsuit.
However, luckily for this bank my parents aren't those type of people.
Each experience has been a different teller with different policies ...two ids, come inside, what have you.
I do not recommend this institution and two of my daughters are pulling their accounts from busey.
Ok, lending tree can be annoying.
I received endless emails and phone calls and nothing related to a heloc.
What a complete waste of time.
The whole "get results online" is a bunch of bunk.
Decided to refinance and i begrudgingly decided to use lending tree.
Still received a super annoying onslaught of calls and emails.
Everyone wanted the same info i sent previously to lending tree.
It took them over two weeks to email me back and say i should call them.
Lending tree companies were calling me and giving me better rates.
In fact, my top two options were from lending tree.
Still waiting to close but i appreciate getting plenty of options even though i was contacted pretty significantly.
I have been calling and calling: no answer at the customer service number.
Called a local branch to see if they could assist: no help there either.
Wow, no number in the q....... how long the wait is ?
No one else to help - customer service is abysmal and obviously not important!
Working with josie updating our accounts.
She was wonderful and took her time to make sure everything is perfect!
We have been banking with one nevada since 1982, of course we are very happy with them!
I have stopped here a few times and i have always gotten prompt and friendly assistance.
Overall i have had a good experience at this branch.
Was just informed that bank of america will no longer except cash deposits unless you have an account with them.
They are forcing you to open up an account with them.
Long lines and poor customer service i will never open account with them.
I have had a credit card with bank of america for 25 years and the teller maureen could careless.
Also my company of 6 six stores uses b of a.
Boa has so few branches it makes having a good app vital.
I wouldn't have banked with them if they hadn't bribed me with $300.
I hoped the bribe was an effort to get more business then show us how great they were.
However, they have a limit on mobile deposits, poor customer service, deliberately inept autopay and distinctively poor formatting.
Avoiding the lake wobegon effect in rating banks as we all know banks are a dime a dozen.
I have to give credit to those who strategically get their atms close to bars.
They're not exactly a model of kind or friendly customer service.
They rejected me for a checking account.
That isn't a problem, it's how they treated me after i was told; like "it's time for you to go".
A modicum of decency would have been nice, not getting shuffled out the door.
I have not had a single late or missed payment ever.
It looked like a scam, why would they write such a threatening letter which seems to be phishing for information?
I called customer service and they said it was legitimate.
Nice way to treat your best customers.
Piece of shit bank.
Avoid at all costs.
Have been a member my whole life and am now switching because they're liars and incompetent.
While they put you in contact with 5 lenders, the cost of that is horrible.
Phone calls at all hours from lenders and marketing firms that deal with construction, plumbing, inspections, etc.
I am still getting emails after two months of clicking unsubscribe.
It is horrible because these emails pass through the spam filter.
They have your name, address, and phone number so even gmail can't filter them out.
I am still getting random text messages from random companies.
My suggestions: just google the banks in your area, google the national banks, and apply yourself at all these places.
Lendingtree basically just sends you the name of the banks and you have to fill out the forms, etc.
The same as if you did the easy google search.
I have been with desert schools bank for apporx.
25 years, they used to make you feel special and offer great service and benefits.
As the years go by they started acting more and more like a bank as their corperate mentality kicked in.
I'm not sure if they were purchased or just went sour like most all banks.
I had a home mortage and a car loan there, both paid off.
However we got a little behind on one of our many accounts, a joint account.
All of a sudden the bank takes $250.00 out of my checking account the week of christmas with no warning.
Now that's just disgraceful customer service.
At the end of the call i couldn't believe the way i was treated.
I've never been called by a debt collector, but it couldn't be much worse.
This man shouldn't be in any customer service position at all, very confrontational.
This bank can not be trusted with your money.
Just when you need a month or two to get things straightened out.
I already took my business somewhere else as did my wife, her daughter and son in law.
The death of a once great credit union, welcome desert schools bank.
We are back ahead of our bills like before despite these predatory practices we had to endure over the holidays.
I hope you all had a merry christmas.
I'd stay away from this bank if i were you.
This company sets the standard of integrity when it comes to taking care of its clients.
This is a five star business.
The ladies in the office were wonderful.
I was told i would receive it in 5-7 business days, and this was the 18th.
I did not receive a check by the 29th, so i gave them a call again.
I was told that this was still within allotted the window, so i would have to call back on wednesday.
I called back today (wednesday), and was told by someone else that my check was mailed out on the 29th.
They must have just initiated the refund when i called again, but of course the rep wouldn't verify that.
I'm going to see what i can do to switch companies, because this is just ridiculous.
Not only was my experience over the top fast and easy but steve was so nice and incredibly professional.
I am so happy with the service i received and look forward to my future with citibank!
My mom sold her house and moved into a retirement home.
Td  on 250 wincott dr. convinced her to invest into mutual funds.
Everything seemed great but they left out that the fees would amount to $16,000 per year, absolutely outrageous.
I asked them several times about the fees by email and they would never return with a response.
These so called investors aren't investors, they are just sales people.
Be careful dealing with td and ask all the questions up front.
Very happy i left.
I stop stopped by to open an account around 4:25pm.
However, the bank closes at 5pm.
I ask for her name and she asked me to leave.
I saw her name tag and her name was "mary".
She also told the secure to ask me to leave i left peacefully.
However that is not a way to treat new clients.
No wonder why citi bank has closed many banks here in las vegas and also ii ternationally.
I had to record the incident for future records.
My fave branch...the staff are always helpful and friendly.
It can get busy on the weekends so i suggest you get there early to do your errand.
I have the same complaint as everyone else.
This is bordering on harassment now.
I just wanted to check the current interest rates with various lending companies.
I entered my information and within 30 seconds my phone started ringing off the hook.
I'm talking one call after another, less than one-minute apart.
This went on for almost 3 hours!
The frequency died down, but it continued all day.
I received a ton of emails as well, but at least those are easy to delete and ignore.
Lesson learned - put a fake number or just flat out skip this service.
Jackie martin is very helpful and nice.
There was fraud used in my debit card.
She helped me get another debit card and was very nice about everything.
Thank you nevada one credit union!
I love banking with you guys!!!
And thank you jackie martin for being patient and helping me!!
Worst customer service ever.
Like it was a social call?
A customer call is work, deanna.
My paperwork was complete, however.
When i objected, deanna ran over and started ranting "do you want me to have her thrown out?"
After calling a manager, i was allowed access to my safe deposit box, and closed it out.
So i left without my key deposit.
Closed my accounts, closed my safe deposit box, never again to do business with citibank.
After this experience i'm glad i'm not a member of their banking institution
I bought a utv over 2 months ago financed thru them.
Now over 2 months later they say they have 2 forms that need to be signed.
They never called,  nothing had been said.
I found all this out after being on the phone for almost 1 1/2 hours today.
Don't finance a utv or atv thru arizona federal.
They don't know what they doing.
Wanted to talk to manager or bank president.
Said it would have to be a call back.
- staff is really friendly and helpful.
Sometimes i get offered a bottle of water.
- while i was in line a chase member alerted/directed me to their new fancy in-shop super-atms.
- the super-atm accurately counted my multi-denominational deposit and gave me a receipt.
I'll using one of their super-atms more in the future.
- the teller jessica is really cool and professional.
Yeah, i know i'm reviewing a bank.
But wait, here's why...
These guys are great!
Incredibly friendly, remember you after 2 visits, and always offer you a bottle of water while you're there.
Seriously, it's the little things people!
I mostly frequent here to use the atm machine.
Few times i had gone inside, all the bankers are super nice.
Very quiet inside as most of their patrons use drive-thru tellers.
Also, they don't push any products on you as i have noticed few other branches do.
I like this location because it's near sprouts and safeway i frequent; get all my errands done all at once.
It's easy in and out.
Thanks to silver stare schools i was finally helped.
Latoya in the albertson's branch was friendly, helpful and professional.
Highly recommend this location!
Only used them for a couple of years, wasn't that bad.
It was convenient since it is near my home.
Also, it seemed there were never enough staff to handle the customers.
They did take the time to answer any questions.
When buying or refinancing, david driscoll is my go to person.
Made the process very easy.
I will never use anyone else again.
Yesenia  is very professional, she takes initiative and is very thorough.
She goes out of her way to take care of her customers.
Don't be self employed, or you will get the 3rd, 4th and 5th degree!!!
Mind you, this is a refi, i already qualified for the house!!!!
Every canadian, foreigner and investor from out of state, welcome!
Come get your taxes done here, great customer service might have to wait a little lets be real.
But at the end it will be worth it.
Professional at their best.
Brought my hubby here to get his acct and everyone had a smile even security.
Liola little was very thorough at explaining his options for accts and he is very pleased
Trying to steal my property and ruin my credit...you will pay for that!
This is just the beginning.
Once i sell my property later this year i'm going to take my banking elsewhere!
I been banking with citibank for about 8yrs now!
And i've been satisfied and happy with the banks regulations and rules in service!
Its always been available right there in there when it's deposit for all the years i've been banking with them!
They were disputing name and address without my consent.
They will promise "we can fix it" and of course to charge you for items which they added.
Luckily i realize the scam before was too late!
I rather wait 7 years to get the stuff out of my credit report than dealing with them!
Not transparent at all, they dispute every single item, good or bad.
Maybe a class action soon will fix that and bring some transparency!
This is my second time coming into this branch and dealing with the current branch manager.
Both times he has refused to help me and said that it would be an hour wait.
You're doors are still open and i was there 20mins prior to closing.
So fast forward to now, as i'm sitting here in the lobby.
Please keep in mind there's only one other customer in the branch and she's being helped.
He said he couldn't help me because he has to run the bank.
What are you running?
There's no one here and you're just standing here doing nothing.
As i'm still sitting here waiting to be helped.
It's been over 20mins and still i see no movement from this man.
I would hope that you offer better customer service training to your branch managers.
If he doesn't want to help people maybe he should be in the back filing papers!
This branch deserves a negative rating.
Only one teller on a saturday, and the saturday before christmas no less.
Hour plus long wait.
Female teller just standing in lobby, offering no assistance, along with being extremely unfriendly.
I have been with bofa for 12 years and this experience is making me want to change banking institutions.
Just horrible all around.
Very friendly tellers, and there is never too long of a line without some reinforcements to push people along.
From good to bad to worse.
This will not be your choice for financial services if you are a business.
The branches are fine for personal transactions and the basics but they cannot compete with the big banks.
They do not have near the vast amount of knowledge when compared.
Ten years ago it was a good choice.
Five years ago it was fine.
Been sitting here for over 45 minutes now.
All i wanted to do is add a beneficiary to my accounts.
Watching the employee work was worse than watching paint dry.
Another reminder of why i should have taken my business to another bank!
The company itself with bbt is horrible from the bank all the way to the fraud department.
I don't recommend this bank at all they are crooks.
Great place to do your banking and care about their customers and seem very organized.
Everyone was friendly and they made the process simple .
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Apparently customer service isn't their first priority.
This bank is terrible and will charge you unfounded fees.
Liola little is the most kind hearted person.
Extremely helpful and patient.
I'm so grateful for having her assist me.
Definitely ask for liola little when you visit the rainbow branch, you will not be disappointed .
I get that it's 10 minutes to close, and you want to go home.
There was one other teller that was helping someone in the drive thru when i came in.
I don't know why should couldn't help me real quick, but she closed herself down instead.
I guess i should have gone through the drive thru, then she would have been forced to help me.
Just lame: i want to go home too people.
This review is for firstbank in chandler.
I opened a new checking account with them to try out.
When i came to the branch to finalize the paperwork.
They recommended me to open a new credit card.
I said i don't need it because i already have some.
The teller told me that it doesn't cost a dime.
Experian  notified me that new accounts were added to my credit report and 14 points were deducted.
Do not open an account with these people!!!
So the same evening i deposited the physical check at a boa atm.
This feels like i am being punished for being a new customer and this is just not right.
Save yourselves and bank elsewhere!
What a great car buying experience.
From the time we walked into your office, everything went smooth, quick and easy.
You got us the exact car we wanted and a great price on our trade.
We will be purchasing our vehicles from you in the future.
We highly recommend dan for your next vehicle purchase.
The tellers here are so nice they make you feel at home and the banking is easier than ever
I have been dealing with two modification for properties i own with bank of america for close to a year.
Give me a break.
Run do not walk from boa kyle taylor
Henry and the "manager" javier were completely rude.
Henry called me regarding my closed account without verifying who i was.
Henry decided to argue with me regarding a bank account nv state bank had decided to close.
I asked to speak with his supervisor since we were in a screaming match.
Because that's just how i felt about the situation.
Their are both completely unprofessional and need proper training.
I come to this location for shared branching.
The service here has always been great and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
I'm also happy they are open on saturdays!
This seems to be the call center address - could be mistaken.
Stay away from truwest unless you want to be frustrated and mistreated on a constant basis!
I can't say i've ever had a good experience here.
The only reason they got a 2 is because the loan did have the rate i was looking for.
If it weren't for that i'd have gone elsewhere.
I'd shop around before committing here.
In my opinion, there's a lot of room for improvement at this branch.
This bank apparently does not want to do business with families.
What kind of bank doesn't have a public restroom for 4 year olds.
Parents, do not plan on doing banking with children in tow.
They'll gladly recommend you hoof it to the shell station next door.
Letty at the westcliff location is amazing!
She did all the leg work.
She kept us informed.
Making the process stress free.
I typically don't go to this location, but i waited in line for 20 minutes to deposit a check.
There were 4 employees just sitting and chatting at the welcome desk while 2 tellers handled everything else.
I thought people were paid to help the customers not sit and chat with each other.
I have never seen this at other wells fargo's.
The trekker that did help me was very friendly.
Incompetency at its finest,  your better keeping your money in your matress.
Bank of america   sets up computer programs that post then unpost then repost funds to your account.
Deposited $1600.xx b of a removed 147.32 from our account.
They charge fees and can not explain why or for what.
Went into the menifee branch with the letters to get our account credited.
One nevada credit union on rainbow is the best!
Best customer service, best location!
What is great about one nevada is their convenience with mobile banking, and customer service.
Also, assisting in preventing identity theft.
There have been a couple of times where i received a call almost immediately to verify a purchase!
I feel that onc is looking out for me.
Love this location right down the street from my apartment.
Yes i will come back and sleazy do.
This credit union have helped me build my credit, given me what i need and always been there for me.
I am very proud to be one is us
I've never seen more people sitting around doing nothing in a bank than here.
Teller was no help, sent me to talk to a "banker" while he continued to do nothing.
Then openly discussed my situation with another employee outside of the teller window.
Still the worst bank on the planet.
I am so tired of the hassle i have to go through every time i move.
This is beyond annoying.
The only reason i even have an account with you is i was forced when i got my car loan.
I've called and left messages twice now after sitting on hold for more then 10 minutes each time.
Keep my $25 but please close my account.
Time to go to the bbb!!!
Do yourself a favor and take your hard earned money elsewhere.
This bank doesn't seem to care about the people that keep their money here!
"there is one very powerful business rule.
It is concentrated in the word courtesy."
I have done with wells fargo and ended a more than 40-year relationship.
All i have received was two letters:  1.
A dec.1, 2015 letter from  lesa gallegos, "regional security agent.
Nevada," informing me that your bank was "exercising its right" to close our accounts with you.
She was polite and businesslike, but told me she was acting on instruction from a senior manager.
Mayorga's method of addressing "this matter accordingly" apparently is to ignore it.
Of course, i have never heard from anyone.
The only telephone call associated with this matter was the one i initiated with gallegos.
Henry wells, where are you now?
Wells fargo hath need of thee.
Courtesy evidently no longer exists in the vocabulary of the bank you founded.
Evidently they do not subscribe to jariwalism - which evidently believes the customer always is wrong.)
For the longest time i liked this bank.
I wanted to goto a credit union due to issues with a big bank.
I wanted to be treated like a person, not a number.
This was just under three years ago.
Then it went down hill fast.
In december the bank renamed from desert schools credit union to desert financial credit union.
This transition was supposed to be smooth, nust a rename but not a buyout, but it wasnt.
App issues caused me to unknowingly overdraft several times over with no alert, until i checked my account.
I had savings and somehow overdraft protections were not in effect and my savings could have easily covered the overdrafts.
I feel like this change was deceptive and a step from credit union to bank.
I am looking to close my account really soon.
The other 2 papers were instructions on how to submit your notarized form and the other was a receipt.
No notarization was needed on instructions how to upload or how much i paid.
She knew exactly the 1st day the other 2 papers were nothing to do with the i.d.
Then she notarized the form with such a light pen that it was very difficult to read.
I always get such great customers service at this chase.
The staff is so friendly as well as professional.
I always feel so well taken of!
I only go to this location!
Thank you all for the great customer service!
The gentlemen who i spoke to was not helpful and contributed to reiterate the policy but didn't answer my question.
I went it to the branch and was helped by a banker.
The baker then apologized informing me it was a system glitch and the transaction was reversed.
This is the best bank branch in the city.
Yes, they're part of the pnc giant but the staff here are just a great bunch.
We bank here for our business and they really are nice and they know me by name.
Josh and andy are always helpful and unlike every other bank they turnover is low.
All in all the only pnc i will go into.
It was amazing that credit unions are like financial institution outlaws!
What is truly sad is the 2 to 3 stars ratings for all credit unions cited here within arizona.
Spiffy looking branch with some serious height issues lol, it's like a loft.
Drive thru available, lucky members.
Located by the rexall side.
Granted from your everyday loan places i actually really liked this one when i borrowed in august.
I paid off in september and everything was good fast and easy.
Now i'm sitting here back today because i had such a good experience but i feel super uncomfortable.
One was heavier set and just kept whispering together and laughing wouldn't even talk to me just relay messages.
Makes the process super uncomfortable and not fun.
I felt like they were even talking about the tall white girl with curly black hair.
Sounds like wells fargo, doesn't it?
The spirit of what it means to be a credit union has been lost with this poorly lead organization.
Frankly, it disgusts me.
Their credit union status should be revoked.
They are dishonest and greedy, or simply incompetent.
If you don't heed this warning, accept responsibility for what you will sacrifice to bank here.
So here we set 3 days before my daughters birthday and desert schools won't reverse all the charges.
This is nothing but blatant greed.
We will be switching credit unions.
Very rude customer service.
Person i spoke to was very abrasive and rude and cut me off every time i spoke.
I would never do business with this company.
I would give zero stars if i could.
If you are in a customer service position you should at least be pleasant.
Very bright and have a lot of parking spaces.
Sitting on the very busy corners of 44th st. & camelback rd.
Good location with easy access to scottsdale, tempe, and paradise valley.
Apparently, their tellers can't do it.
Horrible, horrible customer service!!
They lack basic communication skills and have absolutely no idea how to assist a customer.
Told them i wasnt comfortable giving that info but would verify any other way they needed, and guess what?!
I cant help you then........better off with a ceramic piggy jar than this hot mess of a "banking" institution.
I called lending tree looking for a great rate.
They found me one, but at the worst bank in the world.
Its been around six weeks and i still haven't been approved.
Now my contract with the seller is about to expire and i'm screwed.
I should have stayed local with a higher rate.
If its too good to be true...
The team is fantastic at this branch.
Always friendly, always gets my needs met without hassle.
Last time i was in i even had the branch manager help me.
If you need a bank in the area this one for sure knows what customer service is!
Love going to this branch as the tellers are all young, friendly, knowledgeable and very efficient.
Plus you never need to wait too long at all.
They are also very flexible and great at solving any issues immediately.
The employees at this branch are very caring and genuine.
They seem to know their customers individually and always ask about our family's well being.
Plus, on top of that, they are also open 7 days a week.
There is also a sitting area for kids or seniors while you are doing your banking.
They also have free cookie day every friday.
This bank is horrible!!!
The tellers never count back cash even tho that is there job.
I got to this bank for business and personal use because it is convenient.
But the tellers do not pay attention.
I have had 3 deposits entered with the wrong amounts.
They have no sense of customer service.
Just a bunch of young kids with no work ethic.
If i could rate negative or 0 i would.
Wanted helped for a long time.
This has happened to me twice.
Bother bankers were very slow.
They asked me what i needed help with.
Which was a simple task todo.
And couldn't find 2 mins to help.
Never coming back again.
If you plan on going inside and talking to a banker, i recommend not, and finding a different wells fargo.
There's one down the street on power and broadway.
This place truly sucks.
Both my experiences here we so bad.
They've turned one over to collections, who added $100 to the $9.95 fee.
On accounts that are closed!
Also, if you deal with their merchant account services, expect them to be super responsive to get you signed up.
Run, don't do it.
Possible scam:  in 2017, i worked with bofa to obtain a home equity lone of $100,000 at a low rate.
My mortgage only had about $30,000 left and i had about $500,000 equity in the house.
I also had $400,000 is "cash" available.
They said i would get a great rate due to my excellent credit.
If i took a loan less than $100,000, the rate would be higher.
All thru the process, they said i would definitely qualify.
I think this was a scam.
Because of this, i have not used the loan.
Hope this info helps others.
This branch always have long lines and one or two teller assisting the customers.
I don't understand why it is like this all of the time.
Right now there is one teller taking customer and a personal banker just watching or helping with the little stuff!
Why isn't he processing transactions?!
Then another teller left earlier for a late lunch or break.
This is why i still have an account with chase.
They wouldn't let customers wait for 20-30 minutes.
The location is in a nice area and clean.
It's pretty dead in there.
So i went to the teller first to make a deposit.
They are truly understaffed.
I said ok and sat down to wait.
I guess it was good karma on my end since i was so patient.
2 stars for the nice teller lady and brunette lady, and the manbun guy.
I took 3 stars away because they need to find a solution to their understaffed problem.
She said i was aggressive and yelling at her which was a flat out lie.
I had her on speaker phone.
I even taped part of the call.
B of a is not even my primary bank.
I hardly keep any money in the account and was thinking about changing my direct deposit to them.
You get better service with navy federal and chartway federal credit union.
And navy federal does have some branches in georgia.
Avoid bank of america and if you can't avoid them, at least avoid tiffany.
If i could give lower i would.
3 people waiting the banker associate to help continually walked by waiting 1 by 1 for us to leave.
Banks up front also continue to have conversations knowing we were here waiting .
B of a charges 3% on any transaction that involves a foreign country, including processing the refund!
So they pick up 3% when you buy and again when you return.
Josie and liola are the best at this branch.
They're accurate, quick, friendly, and answered all of my questions.
I am a very happy credit union member.
This branch is a little out of the way for me, but i do like going to this place.
It's never too busy and usually there's 5 customers in total.
So hardly any wait time.
The staff is friendly and polite, never rude.
I have to go to bank of america every friday to cash my check.
For whatever reason they have to have a manager override it.
At the kearney location  it never fails that i have to wait and wait and wait for a manager.
Today i was even told to go to another location as it might be quicker.
Well if i wanted to fight the traffic and drive across town that would be an option, but i dont.
The manager is in an office w someone.
Why she cant just say one moment and take the 2 seconds it takes to override it i'm not sure.
I cant wait to never use this bank again
After 30 years of being a loyal customer, i am closing all my accounts with chase.
Disclaimer: i absolutely love one nevada.
My review for this location is solely based on this location and not the services of one nevada overall.
The tellers do their job but basically that is it.
Do not expect a "thank you" or "you're welcome".
Definitely do not expect a "have a nice day" or "thank you for business".
I hope one nevada catches on and does some employee intervention with this branch.
Last week i reviewed this credit union and was not happy.
It has been almost one week and i have heard nothing from them.
Love how they talk up their customer service as being important to them yet their actions say something different.
Being a member for over 8 years does not seem to mean much to them.
Maybe time to move on to a different credit union.
Very friendly and courteous staff!!
The agent brenda wix is excellent!
I would highly recommend this office!
I had an issue with an nsf charge (and i had sufficient funds) i received from epcor.
After contacting epcor, i was told it was chase's issue, and to deal with them.
Spent about a half hour helping us.
I have my business accounts here for years.
Gina, the manager, is terrific.
Dealing with bank of nevada is ten times better than dealing with bank of america!
Aargh....saturday hours have changed.
Still give 5 stars because every visit is always awesome.
Friendliest tellers and right next to starbucks!!
This was our first joint account after getting married about a year ago.
We both had visa debit checking cards within five minutes of coming inside the bank.
I'm going to be a desert schools customer for life.
I'm about two months late on this but i figured better late than never!
Do not go through jim marsh kia!
My bf and i had a wonderful car buying experience through this credit union.
He was okay but i'm not sure about the other drivers...
I hope they were!
In a weeks time we were carless !
It was a miserable month.
If it wasn't for a friend working the small business office of this bank, i would of been long gone.
First let's recognize my bad.
It was me who defaulted on a credit card.
Yup, me, i take responsibility for that.
After using my gi bill and graduating from college, i was ready to retackle the world from my financial mistakes.
Well apparently this bank don't care.
So they wrote off my debt of $6,600.
Meaning they can't claim they made a profit from it even though i had paid roughly $3500 of it.
Then while attempting to purchase a house, i find out they still had a judgment on me.
Ok whatever, it's the past.
So let's fix this.
Bofa says sure because now they are double dipping.
They wrote off the debt and now they want another $1000 from me to settle and have the judgment remove.
Anyways, long story short, it took about 6 months for this to happen and to have the judgment removed.
Can't wait to leave this horrible bank.
This bank doesn't care about people.
It shouldn't be allowed to be named bank of america because obviously it's values are different.
I love the services offered by one nevada and the great interest rates they offer etc.
I took one star away only because they always have long lines when i go.
They need a few more tellers to accommodate and get people through the lines.
Other than that they are great!
Lending tree shared my personal info with dubious companies without my consent, leading to harassing phone calls.
Background: i clicked on an advertisement on the yahoo mail app on my phone.
It was about loans offers and i was curious.
The link led me to a form where i filled in some information.
I was just browsing for rates and had no intention of actually applying for anything.
So i just closed that screen.
In a few minutes, i started getting multiple calls and emails.
I had to tell each of them that i was not interested.
Some of them were downright rude and kept pestering me even though i told them i am not interested.
I never consented to allow lending tree to share my information with anyone.
But they went ahead and shared it.
It appears they will keep sharing the information to other parties.
This leads to harassing phone calls from multiple organizations.
There is no way to stop the sharing in the lending tree website.
Followed what others suggested on the internet and changed all my personal information on the lending tree website.
But my contact information would have been shared with a bunch of lenders already.
So i expect to be getting more calls.
I submitted this complaint to the bbb and i am waiting to hear back.
At any cost,  do not provide your personal information or your ssn to this organization.
Avoid this place at all costs.
Just because you work for a company that is partnered with them is not worth all the headaches.
There are plenty of other banks and credit unions out there to choose from.
Sharon dittmann is very responsive and helpful.
I love that they respond to my emails and/or voicemails same day.
But this is not going to be yet another political review.
This is actually a yelp review.
I have been on hold for the last 35minutes with bofa's "satisfaction hotline" attempting to unlock my credit cards.
Why am i doing this 3hrs.
And that i had to do it "online."
So we went home, and emailed customer service.
So i called the number listed on the website, and spoke to a rep for 10 min.
Before she transfered me over to another department who she assured me would be able to unblock all my accounts.
Rep 2: he asked me a serites of questions that took another 10min.
And didn't even look at my account closely enough to make sure i had 2 debit cards.
Rep 3: same deal.
Typical b of a interaction.
Seriously, it has to be more efficient than this.
They hide charges even if you go shopping online and order something from lets say, england because it's considered "international."
Been coming here for about 3 years now.
Jose, the owner is great.
I've recommended about 5 or 6 friends and they all have the same experience.
Can't think of another place for my taxes.
I stayed at hampton inn downtown / market square in san antonio 7/28-7/31/2018.
I booked through booking.com and when i opened my account i placed my @bankofamerica debit card on file.
I indicated i like to pay at the time at the time of my stay.
On 7/27/18 i called hampton inn to confirm.
The next morning i called both booking.com and bank of america to try to get things fixed.
Booking.com called the hotel (hampton inn) and they said they will release the hold.
All i got was lip service from both and no action.
@bookingcom could not explain how this double billing took place.
In the meantime i was charged almost $1,500.00 between the two accounts.
I had to borrow money from my niece (the family guest) to pay for two expensive meals for five.
Tuesday morning we check out and i get lip service from the nasty person @hamptonhilton downtown/market square san antonio.
Wednesday morning and today still no money.
They did tell me they "may/might" waive all the bank of america overdraft charges "depending on the situation".
I called @bookingcom again and they were worthless.
Thank god for ramen noodles!
The bank of america nightmare.
Always has long lines.
You have to wait forever every time you come here.
There's only ever 2 tellers.
Avoid this bank at all costs.
Rudest service i've ever encountered at bank.
I would stuff my money under my mattress before i would ever bank at this pos again.
Friendly service every time and i love the drive-thru atm.
It takes pictures of your cash and check deposits and adds the funds to your account quickly.
I've been banking with them for 8 years and they are great!
Banking at its finest!
(sarcasm)  over all i was really really pleased with wells fargo.
It came to be that after so many errors, one can only take so much.
One fine after noon i logged into my convenient online banking, to see a substantial amount of nsf fees.
I don't mind paying fees, where fees are due.
I had already paid $975 in fees for the year.
After about 30 days of negotiating.
I finally got a rep to off  take of $35.00.
She said that i have to call back as soon as my payment clears and she will gladly remove them.
I called back and no one, i mean no one had any record of this conversation.
I was so upset.
I thought surely i would be sol.
I just can't believe that they say "100% customer satisfaction."
It is a lie.
Iwould  just  like  to commend liola little on her excellent customer sevice skills.
She is not only efficient but through in her  job.
She made my banking experience much easier and  pleasant.
Please pass on  my many thanks for all her  service.
One  nevada credit union has got  themselves a real professional!
By far the worst bank i've ever banked with.
How the hell do you charge your own clients money to withdraw from your own atm???
It's normal for another atm to charge you a fee...... well so does this bank.
I can't stand the service.
The list goes on and on.
I love this free world............
One nevada credit union is garbage!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bank of america or wells fargo here i come.
The gal on the phone was the most amazing person i have ever talked to at desert schools.
She helped me out so much and was so kind throughout the entire phone call.
I wish i could find out who she was and send her a huge thank you.
They have given me the run-around and denied any payment.
They are citing "listed events" as my disqualifier.
Go to another insurance company, state farm took my money for years and when i needed their help, denied.
Life is not fair but when you pay for a service to protect you, you should be protected.
They denied to protect me so be weary
David driscoll assisted me while buying my first home on my own after a bad divorce.
He was very patient with me when explaining paper work and how things worked.
There was no hidden amounts or add-ons or changes that were not explained to me first.
He was always available and always returned my calls, emails and text.
I think he even assisted me once while on his vacation.
I plan on using david and his company again for any future plans.
I'm no fan of bofa.
I think that their lending practices are shoddy.
"too big to fail?"
Is not what we need in america.
The tellers were really friendly and helped me out with a couple questions i had, regarding my account...
The parking lot leaves something to be desired...
There are two outside tellers lines and one atm in the drive thru...
There's also a walk up atm beside the front door...
Well i drove to a dmv office to get a  dup lic.
Unfortunately i went on the "consumer affairs" website first which had glowing reviews.
All planted i know now.
I thought they found the best rate and had that bank contact you.
Boy was i wrong!
Never again - i should have known better.
Total craziness - my phone blew up nonstop for 3 days morning to night.
Thank goodness for call blocking!
Not only that the rates are outrageous!
The whole thing is very misleading, time consuming and borders on harassment!
Good bank, good service, three stars!
I work across the parking lot from this bank of america location and happen to find them friendly and fast.
I did see two people on horseback go through the drive-thru atm though.
I've been with them for 15+ years and never had any problems until now.
With their new upgraded computer system, i can not get into my account on a regular basis.
Today, i found out their collections department department cashed my cd of $20,000 bec.
I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan i had with them without my permission!!
Tomorrow, i will be pulling out the rest of my cd money bec.
Who knows where else they will decide to put my money.
What a great group of people running a credit union!
If you are looking for a secure home-town bank feel, you will find it here with this credit union.
Plus, they give back to their community constantly - simply good humans,
Came in today to desposit, only one person working at the window...... really guys???
Is the business soo bad that you can't hire more people to work?
If you want faster service, this is not the place to be...
The smart ones have closed their account.
Money was sitting in the account and in the meantime my mortgage was late.
This has happened 4 times.
Manager doesn't take accountability for the lack of attention to detail of his staff or their errors.
Tried to blame me because they didnt believe i put anything on the envelope.
Account numbers and account holder names sitting all over christopher the teller's desk.
People wonder why your accounts are compromised?
Manager saw it and did nothing.
Be smart take you money out and run.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Why all the poor reviews folks?
Every time i enter this bank i'm greeted with a smile and hello from the staff.
The tellers are always friendly and meet my expectations each time.
A few times when 2-3 people were waiting in line, someone acknowledges that and extra help assists.
Also, grab a donut on saturday morning after your transaction.
Keep up the great work first bank.
Answer they gave us defied common sense.
If you need to do any online or mobile banking, pass bbva compass by.
The first time i used their mobile deposit it was for a $300 western union money order.
Their solution was to tell me to pay my bills by phone or go to my creditors' web sites.
If you need professional banking services, pass bbva compass by.
Bank of america suck......
The worst bank in america....
If you need a good bank this is not the bank to go to.....
Your money will get messed up eventually...
Need to save they will take it.....
Need a lone no problem as long as you don't mind high interest rates......
Thanks for nothing bank of america
Since switching to td, i have yet to be disappointed.
Security national was referred to me by a good friend and we were very impressed with michael's professionalism and reliability.
He is always very detailed with his explanations and provides quick responses to your questions.
Horrible bank and service.
Employees refuses to help you and are confrontational .
Pull your money out of here
Love how the first rating is from the guy that owns the company.
Worked for over 6mo with these guys with very little result.
A few minor things removed, but nothing anywhere near credit repair.
Extremely courteous and professional.
Very efficient and methodical.
Would highly recommend them.
I do not recommend one nevada!
Theyre not open on saturdays, dont have 24 hour call service.
Any other bank does not do that!!
They can take that policy and.....
I think that that is just ridiculous!!
I closed my account with them because of that and went to bank of america!
This bank is terrible.
They say one thing and act the other.
They lie and they judge you as a criminal or as a bad person.
I would put absolutely no stars if i can.
I contacted managers and they don't respond.
This is sad how these banks think they can wreck your life.
Not enough tellers- especially when it's busy (mondays deposits and fridays pay day).
She looks like she would rather be anywhere but there and i can't stand when i get her.
Her attitude reflects it.
Don't be in customer service if you look like you hate people.
I've been a customer here for the 10 years i've been in phoenix.
They helped me tremendously with the one claim i've had.
I was super hesitant to leave b of a after 8 years but i finally needed to do it.
My first stop at wells fargo made me wonder why i didn't do it earlier!
Karen was super helpful and made me glad to have switched to wells fargo.
This location has rude and inconsiderate tellers.
My mother frequents this branch and today was her breaking point.
She will be switching to another bank for her money.
The wait was long, the tellers were rude and seemed to be put out by assisting her.
I recommend using another branch.
I was a bit skeptical about joining forces with a smaller bank.
Since i was new to arizona, i only knew the top 2 or 3 big wigs out there.
They explained everything to me in detail.
I went home to sleep on it.
After doing research i found out they were 5th in the country for banking and 3rd for mortgages.
Hey i felt more confidence, so i decided to go back and tranfer my accounts.
Well i didn't realize how easy it was to transition.
I went into the local branch and the banker was so pleasant.
A+ for customer service.
When i buy a home i'm going to them for my lending needs as well.
Thanks for the peace of mind, since i have so many other things to worry about.
I truly wish i could give more stars for this place.
I had no idea what i was getting into going to a credit union.
What i did know was that i was looking to be in better financial standings with my life in general.
My friend suggested coming here.
It was killing me so i went in and the staff was soooooo warm and friendly.
Joe is a super cool guy.
He was patient and very thorough with his information and up to this point has changed my life.
I'm a hairstylist new to the industry steadily building my clientele so every penny i get counts toward something.
I was so happy i cried!!!
Literally cried in the office tears of happiness.
I'm over the moon beyond the stars happy with my experience.
If you are looking for a great place with a great staff to bank with, don't hesitate.
Its weird that everyone has to walk around the corner to the merchant window.
The sign in sheet to see a personal banker looks like a clipboard that a customer forgot vs anything official.
At least parking is good and ive never had to wait long to see someone.
Like this location, it is close to my home and the folks here are always nice.
I am still a fan, they have always been fair as they can be for being a huge bank.
I prefer the service at my community bank but they are too far and not enough locations.
Side note; i hate wells fargo with a passion.
I went into this branch a couple weeks ago to pay off a second home mortgage.
I ended up dealing with the manager alex.
He gave me the card of his mortgage banker caroline.
I called and left a message for caroline to call me back at her earliest convenience.
I was very surprised when she returned my call while she was on vacation in san diego.
I made an appointment to meet with her the following week.
She provided all the  necessary information and i decided that i would apply for a refinance through this branch.
I've never been really impressed with this bank of america branch.
Rob was fast efficient and answered every question.
If you live in this area i highly recommend you give chase a look.
I love this credit union!!
I couldn't ask for a better financial institution..
If you guys ever close i'll cry cause i'll miss you.
Thanks for being there for me!!
I love this us bank and the genuinely nice and caring customer service.
I always leave feeling a little bit happier and they are very knowledgeable about any questions i have.
I am still out $105.00 in overdraft charges.
One of the morons in customer service offered to spot me $35.00 as a compromise.
Thanks but no thanks.
Nothing like being on vacation and no access to your money.
These are the vegas conveniences i really missed when i moved.
It's a small, but full service branch nside an albertsons.
Pretty long lines on a sunday, but my teller was quick, friendly and super helpful
I came in on a saturday morning to change my name on my accounts.
There was one customer in front of me in line and so i waited for about 30 minutes.
In this 30 minutes, several more customers arrived.
The young male employee working helped two customers who arrived after me before he helped me.
I asked him why he did that and he said that he thought they would be quicker.
I told him that was poor customer service and he refused to apologize.
Love chase, hate this branch!
Drive the mile up to cactus and tatum.
Beware............ do not do anything with this company, we have had way too many calls.
So their system is hacked.
I had to place a fraud alert on myself and wife to make sure we will survive this.
We went with a credit union and glad we did as we have a brick and mortar to go to.
1 month and the calls keep coming.
I have 27 numbers blocked and it still will not stop
Pnc bank has the worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People jaywalk on flamingo, nearby.
I will not go back...
Currently locked out of my online account thanks for the hassle tcf
Staff was nice and knowledgeable.
However, as soon as you leave, you get ambushed by homeless people.
Maybe a security guard in the lot might be good.
Tina m. is the best employee in that establishment!
Everyone there is friendly and she definitely goes the extra mile.
Thank you for the smooth transaction!
We thought our dream home was no longer going to be, after dealing with the builders lender.
Then david and team saved the day.
We thank you david!!
There's 5 people behind the counter and one station open.
And the lady just walked away between customers and said "be right back"
I came around 1:40 pm to go to this bank you talk with a personal banker.
But the personal banker was already with another client.
We waited 15 minutes and we're told to leave.
The banker couldn't stay late because she had to leave it to when it closed.
But we could overhear what the personal banker was telling the clients.
She was explaining how you use the website and other things that you can just pick up on your own.
When she could have helped us.
Customer service is not chase's priority.
I wish i could give 0 stars.
I haven't wanted to deal with the hassle of changing banks but it's definitely time.
Unfortunately this location isn't the only location guilty of terrible service; this is the norm at every chase.
This credit union is a joke.
As the other reviews are dead on.
They charge you for everything, and i  mean everything.
Please do yourself a favor, go elsewhere.
Heard some good things about this credit union.
Wanted to get away from the bigger banks.
Went into branch and had the most amazing experience from start to finish with goretti.
Super knowledgeable, super friendly.
We opened up several accounts.
Was so impressed with her i brought my teenage daughter back to open up accounts for her.
Goretti helped us again while educating my daughter.
The staff here is incredibly friendly and helpful!
How does a company like this stay in business?
The next step was the make a profile.
They ask for basic information like; name address, value of property, mortgage balance, reason for borrowing, etc.
The last question was last 4 digits of social.
Then i started to get my phone blasted with lenders to ask me to fill out an application.
I spoke with a couple and started the process to get a couple quotes.
So i decide to go ahead with a cash out refi instead.
Next, i call lending tree and ask them how they got my full social.
And even if it was in fine print it should be made obvious and not hidden).
Look, if you are a legitimate business, be on the up and up with people.
Leave it up to the customer to make that choice so that their information isn't just floating around out there.
It is't hard to make happy customers.
Look at your reviews lending tree.
I wish i would have came to yelp first instead of reading those (probably fake) testimonials on your website.
I was so thrilled to find my local credit union in arizona after just moving from alaska!
This tempe location is the best!
They pretty much know me, personally, at this point.
The associates & help are always top-notch.
They are kind, friendly and caring.
This branch & their employees were on top of it!
Alaska usa has everyone else beat when it comes to customer service and a financial convenience you can trust.
Thank you for being the best option who cares enough to expand to areas you know your customers need you!
Why switch when your bank makes sure they have a presence to serve you to the area you have moved!?
Alaska usa & this mill ave. tempe branch deserves a 10 star rating.
I have never had a better banking experience.
Have enjoyed my banking experience.
From personal, to auto loans, savings and checking accounts.
Staff are friendly and professional for the most part.
Great meeting rooms available.
I have to admit i do not bank with them.
I happen to have a meeting with some colleagues and we didn't want the noise of a bar or restaurant.
One of my colleagues is a member of the bank and suggested we meet there.
The meeting room was beautiful.
Had wi-fi, a phone and white board.
Everything we needed for our meeting.
There are several meeting rooms that are available with an appointment.
I've been a customer for over 10 years and the customer service they provide is superb.
My agent is jacqueline kohl and her wealth of knowledge is stellar.
I would recommend william kohl - state farm insurance agent and i have to all my friends and family.
I went to the bank to get a document notarized and everyone was friendly and helpful.
I thought they were very professional and would recommend visiting the branch for your banking needs.
Overall i'm not a wells fargo fan and i'm really not a fan of grocery store bank branches in general.
This branch, along with a couple others have changed my outlook towards wells fargo.
This branch is the closest one to my office and located in a basha's store.
My banking needs require that i visit a teller about once a week.
The atm thing just doesn't work for me.
I expected them to scrutinize every $20 of the money i gave them, but that wasn't the case.
How much easier can it get?
I really like the service they provide here.
Made an appointment with jillian and she was awesome.
I'm so sick of this bank charging me surprise fees when they feel like it.
And forget about talking to a customer rep, they're just there to what, take up space?
Pretend they are helping?
You guys freaking suck.
I cannot wait to switch to a bank that cares about their customers.
This bank is ridiculous as fuck !!
This is exactly why i don't want to bank with wellsfargo they lack on customer service !
I'm very unsatisfied with this bank !
Save yourself anger and headache later on.
Go somewhere else !!
I have a feeling things like this are getting to be a regular occurrence.
I will definitely be leaving this credit union very soon.
And we agreed to that, feeling we had little choice and having been told the transition would be "seamless" .
They did "reward" us with $100.00 and a book of free checks.
Most employees we tried to contact didn't even bother to return our calls.
I was in scottsdale for a week-long business trip.
The funny part was that i forgot cash at home.
So 500+ miles away from home into the desert, i pulled out my atm card at a non-us bank machine.
I thought it was a mistake.
So i entered my pin and tried withdrawing four more times.
Decline decline decline decline.
So then i pulled out my phone, logged into my account, and saw that i had a healthy balance.
I thought about withdrawing cash via credit cards, but didn't want the added charges to do it.
The u.s. bank customer service line told me they shut my card down due to fraudulent charges.
They asked me about specific charges -- and these bank folks were right.
10 charges on the card that weren't mine.
All employees here were so friendly and nice.
They quickly looked at my account, took my tainted atm card, and gave me a new temporary one.
I was in and out in 5 minutes with all the courtesy and efficiency you could want.
If i was younger and not happily married with kids, i would've asked my teller on a date.
It was that good!
Absolute worst customer no service of any financial institution that i know of!
Making matters worse is their continual aggressive sales routine.
Boa doesn't get it.
Boa technology as it relates to customer service is badly broken.
Aggravating wait times on the customer no service phone line averages between one to two hours.
This totally unacceptable in the financial industry!
Most times there is no wait whatsoever.
Boa corporate management must be the most clueless bunch of morons in the entire american financial industry.
By now, you must be asking why i stay with boa?
Even so, i am actively shopping for another card.
I refer to u.s. bank as the bank of "no."
I have used the branch at hayden (the two regular tellers there are outstanding) and branches in san diego.
I transferred substantial amounts out of u.s. bank and into wells fargo on mountain view, where customers are appreciated.
Zero stars, minus zero if that's possible.
Do not i repeat do not apply for a auto loan with bank of america.
I have banked my family has banked with bofa for over 50 years.
After i was declined for the auto loan which btw i aimed high on the amount.
One from 8k to $500...  hello thats a real slap.
I love this chase location so much i moved my ira from another brand of bank.
Really nice folks and service has always been over the top.
Usually there are more than enough tellers to help everyone quickly.
Highly recommend this branch!
This branch is located in the smith's grocery store...it is a full-service bank, complete with an atm machine.
Short- simple- and to the point!
I had no problem with this wells fargo!
They were helpful and friendly and i was out of their quickly.
Thank you to the 2 young ladies that help me this morning..:)
My wife opened a checking and savings account with boa when we moved to nc 4 years ago.
On august 21, 2014 my wife passed away.
The process was explained to her.
Actually, i found myself wondering if she was really a boa employee.
This visit took 2 hours.
And again, the same as the previous day, she was transferred and placed on hold multiple times.
After an hour and half and faxing of the documents a third time i was told someone would call me.
A week later when i had no heard anything i returned to the bank.
The boa employee recognized me and was surprised i had not received any response.
But it was like this was the first time anyone had spoken to boa about this matter.
Again my documents could not be found.
The boa employee let me speak on the phone to the individual with whom she was speaking.
He said he would look for the documents again.
In my 2 previous visits to boa no one had mentioned this was needed.
Tomorrow will be the 4th time i will have faxed the documents to boa.
Boa does not have a concept of customer service, employee training, accountability or even giving respect to their own employees.
For them it appears to be business as usual.
Since my wife got sick and passed away this had been the most frustrating experience of them all.
(and i used to think insurance companies were awful.)
Lastly, there are the endless fees - seemingly for everything.
I agree with previous reviews.
I also only come here to make a payment.
Blah blah blah, i have already been waiting dude, please cut the small talk.
Newsflash, you can be pleasant and nice without being a chatty cathy.
Sheesh, coming here is as fun as going to the dentist.
I dread coming here and it's not even my bank.
I've been using this branch for years and have always found everyone to be friendly and helpful.
I've ordered foreign currency for a couple of trips, and done general banking with them since moving to fountain hills.
Today, however, they were spectacular.
Mr. theuerl went out of his way to help me with a stressful situation.
I very much appreciate his kindness and understanding.
You've earned my loyalty.
The customer service is horrible they never greet me with hello's or thank you's.
Every visit i dread it!
This bank totally sucks.
F you citibank you blow.
Lending tree is just a means of sending your loan info to a large number of brokers or loan resellers.
As soon as you click the last button your phone will start ringing with robo-calls.
Plus they all want to talk to you "grab a paper and pen", what?
(not i'm off to find out if i can purge my account from them).
A follow up to my previous post: two things have happened since our exit as customers of wells fargo.
We still get emails asking us to do our banking online.
There is no "unsubscribe" and no way to opt out of communications, and 2.)
We were victims of the recently exposed wells fargo employees scam to open phony accounts, debit cards and credit cards.
Now we know at least 5300 employees have been terminated and wells fargo paid a near $190,000,000 fine in california.
In fact, what has prompted this review is yet another mistake and lack of good judgement.
This one cost me time and money to fix not to mention the stress it created for me.
The "banker's lack of concern and treating me like i am an idiot was the proverbial last straw.
It felt good to walk out of wells fargo today knowing i would never have to go there again.
I went in to open an account.
Explained this whole thing all over again to the one opening the account.
Then the story changes.
So i ask to close my account.
They tried to keep the $25 "membership" fee.
Finally they agreed to give me the full amount back.
I had only had my account for 5 minutes.
The customer said no thank you i've already looked into it and thats not for me.
They kept pushing until she angrily said don't ask me again.
I don't want one.
Way to bully your customers into never coming back.
I realize you have sales goals, but if someone says no, let it go.
I doubt i've ever been in there longer than 15 minutes, except the time i opened the account.
It helps that it's relatively close to my house.
The tellers are friendly and actually remember what i do for my paychecks.
Not only is this truwest a convenient location it has wonderful staff.
I opened a checking/savings account and everything was explained in detail.
Any questions i had were answered appropriately.
The lobby is clean and they have comfortable chairs with little swing tables to wait in.
I'm sure i will be a member for life.
The robo-voice said the wait could be between 20 and 40 minutes!
Surely this isn't the new industry standard.
After i've settled this issue, my next call will be to cancel the account.
Who out there can recommend a customer-friendly card provider?
Go one nevada credit union!
Josie ramirez and cindy burgos helped me with my new accounts today.
Thank you so much!
Made the huge mistake of working with these frauds!!!!!!!!!
However now knowing all that i know, i can do it all myself and so can you!!!
Don't give these scammers a dime, do the research and get it done for your self...
If you have a computer, printer, envelopes and stamps that's all you need!!!!!
If you don't, go to the library!!!!
Don't hire someone for $100 per deletion.
Just do the research, in the end, you will thank yourself and your bank accounts will love you too!
Don't spend a dime, it's all a scam!!!
I cannot believe that they actually charge money to cash a check that is written on their own paper.
Staff tells me " well, we can do the transaction and at the end it will tell us".
Yeah, i'm gonna waste my time while you decide of you want to charge me.
Yeah the manager was nice.
But another bad factor is they are in a grocery store that opens at what 6:30?
Why would they wait til 9 to open.
Chase across the parking lot which is stand alone is open at 830!
I take her here regularly.
I've been inside with my mom at the tellers and with letti an advisor.
I will spare my mom's personal details.
But i would not use this bank!
The tellers treated me terribly when i spoke for my mom.
Oh my the rudeness from them.
I'm getting worked up recalling this.
Totally condescending to me.
They lost a large cheque my mom deposited.
This caused much stress on my mom.
She was without those funds for weeks while they "tried to figure out" where her money was.
She is a senior who just lost her husband.
She is depositing death benefits and they lost her money.
I could go on and on.
Don't worry they did rectify this all.
But not with apology or any concern.
I would not trust this branch with my money!
Extremely slow and only 2 people behind the counter with literally 3 people ahead of me and 8 behind me!!!!
I stood in line for 20 minutes and did not even move at all!!!!
But the other teller was extremely slow...
Didn't even try to work faster as the line grew longer!!!!
This is one of the most disfunctional branches of wells fargo around.
The only decent teller is brenda.
She is competent and actually understands how to do her job.
It's begining to become comical.
Beautiful location but equally bad service.
Simple bank transaction took 30 mins.
Three different people came and told us that someone else will come and help.
This location is for people who have have plenty of time on their hands.
Just about done with boa!!
Do yourself a favor dont sign up with this bank especially for credit cards.
Go with amex or another bank.
Just take your accounts elsewhere, you deserve better than an bank with unfair processes.
I went to the extent of writing letters to boa ceo and it didnt help :(,sad.
Been with clark county credit union over 12 years and wouldn't bank any where else.
Love all my tellers!
I never knew that customer service could be this great at a credit union!
Everyone is always friendly and professional and will go out of their way to help you.
Keep up the great work!
I love this credit union!!!!
Michael ivanov was very professional at he's job.
Very organize with his schedule!!
The worst bank i have ever had.
They dont call or notify you of anything a d still take dramatic actions on to your account.
I highly recommend using another bank, or just find out for yourselves.
Also, speaking to anybody here is the worst customer service i have ever had to deal with.
Completely rude and there is no talking to anybody.
Never be disrespectful to your customers because it'll all come back to you.
Thats all i gotta say.
Bank of america closed my credit card without warning.
Called and was connected to a credit analyst who was friendly.
Don't even get me started on the hard inquiry on my credit report from trying to reopen my account.
Some people have mentioned that bank of america doesn't mind losing customers.
I could not agree with them more, especially for those with an excellent credit history.
I'll gladly take my business to one of boa's competitors.
Boa can keep the subprime customers.
Well i closed my account today.
Merry christmas to me.
Makin a deposit, i mean it's a bank.
They all look the same to me, and this one is a nice enough to keep a few quarters in..
Here's what happened to me.
My home was paid for in cash in 2004 and i believed it to be free and clear.
I received an email saying my application was approved.
I provided all written documentation requested and answered all questions they asked about more current activity on my credit report.
My appraisal was scheduled and completed.
I was unaware of this but it was very easy for me to research online.
They could have done the same.
They expected me to pay off the judgement and provide proof that had been done.
I am paying it according to the court's order.
If i had enough to pay it off, i wouldn't need a heloc.
This is the order in which they do business: application, appraisal, title search.
I feel that this is absolutely an unethical practice and a complete rip-off of consumers.
This is to warn others so they won't be taken like i was.
Truwest has always served me and my family well over 30 years.
The people that work there are pleasant.
They offered me water when my car wouldn't start and had to wait for tow truck in middle of june.
The interior and exterior of truwest are very clean.
I'm involved with a few student orgs., so i frequent this bank pretty often.
All in a days work.
:)  the employees who work here are insanely helpful and accommodating.
They're just friendly people all around.
Xd  yelp 100 challenge 2015: #259
I go to this location because it is convenient to my office.
They often push extra products and services on you that are not helpful to your current financial situation.
He spent 2 hours on the phone with me, walking me through each page and explaining everything.
I was amazed at his knowledge and patience.
I opened two different intelligent accounts and feel i have a much greater understanding of investments than before i called.
I highly recommend them!
David's customer service was impeccable!!
I plan on transferring all my employer retirement of accounts to them.
Jackie martin is so pleasant, professional and helpful!!!
Great customer service skills!!!
If you get to come to this location.... you gotta ask for jackie for greatness!
Fuck you bank of america.
Keep in mind, it's holiday season and i need the credit card to buy a plane ticket home.
But it's okay, because as long as i call before 2 pm est tomorrow, we should be good.
Bank of america makes me feel like a criminal when i call into their customer service number.
First their automated system is garbage.
Then it tells me that my hold time will be longer because i wouldn't make a selection.
Apparently bofa is blaming me for their lousy automated phone system.
This time they want my driver's license number and last time it was something else.
After giving them my driver's license number she answered my question.
I then hung up.
Bofas customer service is horrible.
I repeatidly told him no!
Ever since bofa corporate left california their service has sucked.
I opened an account with arizona federal just to keep my savings in there.
I went in on the day after they had updated their computers.
So naturally everything was glitchy and taking longer which i totally get and understand.
Anyways i put a substantial amount of money in my savings.
I had the account for about 4 months and need to take out $100 dollars.
It was 6pm on a friday so i went threw the atm.
It says account 0.00 savings 0.00!
I was so freaked out i mean this is my largest savings account!
I called the number on the back of my card and no one would help.
Everyone's response was its after hours we can access your account on monday.
Are you kidding me?!
I won't be able to sleep till monday!
I literally got transferred to 10 different people.
Finally i didn't let this lady get off the phone till she helped me.
Why couldn't anyone help me with this information?
And they were so rude!
Anyways i'm going to take all my money out because that is just ridiculous what if it was stolen!
I love this bank.
They go out of their way to make sure your account is secure.
When my son was at basic training, he was buying his plane ticket to come home for christmas.
They called me to make sure that it was him using the card.
And then processed it immediately.
The customer service was awesome and always has been.
The ""teller" gina gave me horrible customer service!
This is a nice branch of silver state schools credit union.
The people that work here all seem really happy and pleasant to deal with.
The line here usually moves very quickly as well.
I am usually in and out in under 10 minutes.
It is even quicker if i just need to use the atm that is available as well.
The only downside is that this location is inside of an albertson's grocery store.
I have a toddler who often falls asleep in the car, which makes everything more difficult.
This is a great bank and a very nice location.
This branch always have long lines and one or two teller assisting the customers.
I don't understand why it is like this all of the time.
Right now there is one teller taking customer and a personal banker just watching or helping with the little stuff!
Why isn't he processing transactions?!
Then another teller left earlier for a late lunch or break.
This is why i still have an account with chase.
They wouldn't let customers wait for 20-30 minutes.
2/17/18  i won't be banking with boa full time.
He don't go help the teller!
We were told that the wait at this location would be more than an hour.
Absolutely unacceptable to make customers wait such a long time!
Hopefully this review will affect their business negatively and cause them to make a change...
They need to stop being so greedy and employ more people.
Otherwise, customers like me will never come back to this location.
Was not curtious and definetely didn't make me feel welcome.
Instead of me opening an account i took my business elsewhere
I came in early in the morning and an representative named sasha greeted me and took care of me.
I needed a direct deposit form and she guided me through the process in less than 5 minutes.
This branch has scaring looking and rude employees that one could feel concerned about giving them any personal information.
If it walks like a piggy, talks like a piggy, by golly it's a piggy!
Please help me turn this david vs. goliath modification process, into a goliath vs. goliath.
Divided we might have fell america, but united we must stand!
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please end your email "i support john wright vs. bofa lawsuit!"
Please send a copy of your email to johns-wright@hotmail.com 5.
Please send your email the ceo of bofa below:l  ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
I frequently visit chase bank for my home mortgage payments and rental property deposits.
There are no shortages of locations near me, but i like this location the best.
If you live the area and use chase or are looking for a new bank...this is a good choice.
Love love love this bank
It would really be nice if they could notify me of the amount but no.....too much trouble, i guess.
Then, they didn't pay the bill until two days after the due date.
By then, i'd already paid manually, so the payment went out of my account twice.
This is on top of the many times their atms don't work, or the atm won't accept deposits after hours.
I don't like banks but i think a bank is the better alternative.
If it walks like a piggy, talks like a piggy, by golly it's a piggy!
Please help me turn this david vs. goliath modification process, into a goliath vs. goliath.
Divided we might have fell america, but united we must stand!
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please end your email "i support john wright vs. bofa lawsuit!"
Please send a copy of your email to johns-wright@hotmail.com 5.
Please send your emailthe ceo below   ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
One couldn't ask for a better employee.
I told them to forget it, i've never received mail from them anyway, i won't bother changing my address!
Save yourself the hassle and pick a different bank to do business with!!
I've been a credit union owner for three years now.
Nothing special, all the necessary goods here.
Employees:   they're all pretty nice & know what they're doing.
Okay, sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name ;] 3 stars.
I don't really blame them.
I guess they never really saw the need for a huge lot.
However, this means one less star today :[  like i said, not sure how it's supposedly fancier than a bank..
I get in, out, and move on.
Watch out for the financial advisor.
Not working for you but for the bank.
They love your money but not you.
I've had great luck with wells fargo and this location has always been good to me.
I came in for my 3pm appointment and there were a couple of people ahead of me without an appointment.
I was rudely dismissed and am still waiting.
Don't bother making an appointment, just show up when you like i suppose.
Next time i have to do something through boa, i will roll the dice.
**15 minutes after this, a man named fernando helped me.
Additionally, he told me he was missing his lunch to help me.
I appreciate that he helped me, but the excuses were a little insulting.
If you are gullible then by all means use this service.
This place will do nothing for you and will provide false information based on their proprietary smart credit service.
I made an awful mistake by asking these people for help.
I have used a credit union for years, but decided i wanted advanced online bill pay options.
This location is an old one, but very clean, and the staff are very friendly.
Don't give them any info unless you want a ton of phone calls.
Never completed the info on their sight but instantly began getting lots of phone calls.
Who knows where they will sell the info they collected.
Be careful with them!
Promised rates for heloc and got nothing but refinance rates.
Not what i indicated or was promised.
My phone literally blew up with calls within 30 seconds of hitting enter from call centers.
Not one single rate quote for what i indicated i was searching for.
Don't bother with them.
It's just a revolving speed-dial for call centers.
I can't believe i have yet to review this place!
All of the tellers i've encountered have been so friendly and helpful!
I really enjoy being a member here and plan on being here for a long, long time!
I did and they informed me it could be any direct ach deposit, payroll deposit, or government benefits.
I had to ach credits and 2 deposits from the irs for my tax returns.
But none of those qualify and i won't be getting my bonus!
Read the fine print!!!
Those big banks only want to get you in the door and really don't care about you as a person!
Needless to say i'll be going back to the credit union!
If i could give 0 starts i would!!!!
Do not go here!!
Customer service sucks, they basically hand out your information.
After being with them for only a year and a half my information has been stolen 7 times!!!!!!!!!!
They will also just turn your debit card off.
Hate this bank- closed all my accounts and will never bank here again.
Td bank needs to come to the west coast so people can see how a bank should run.
I will be moving my accounts somewhere else.
If it walks like a piggy, talks like a piggy, by golly it's a piggy!
Please help me turn this david vs. goliath modification process, into a goliath vs. goliath.
Divided we might have fell america, but united we must stand!
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please end your email "i support john wright vs. bofa lawsuit!"
Please send a copy of your email to johns-wright@hotmail.com 5.
Please send your email to ceo email below   ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
Waited far too long in line.
Was not greeted by any of the 5 or 6 associates in the banking center.
Walked out and took my transaction to another banking center and was treated the way i should be.
Before the staff was fabulous.
But of course they were promoted.
Now, since the new managers have arrived, service noticeably dropped.
The manager doesn't know what she's doing; rude, easily flustered as another patron indictated.
I'm moving my money it's that bad.
So i'm looking to refinance my house.
Multiple quotes from multiple lenders...seems awesome in theory.
I fill out like 47 pages of personal information.
My last home closing required less.
After a marathon of unnecessary details i manage to submit my request to multiple lenders.
Not 30 seconds later que the deluge of phone calls and emails.  "
1)      what is your current mortgage balance?
2)      what is your current interest rate?
3)      do you want any cash out?
4)      how much is your home worth right now (estimate) ?
5)      are you a veteran?
6)      what type of loan do you have now?
Va, fha, conv, or jumbo?
7)      what term do you prefer for the new loan?
30,25,20,15, or 10 ? "
What, i just answered this shit.
If you're looking for an actual loan, look elsewhere.
The first time i waited and noted that the account was still there online for 2 weeks.
Actions indicating insanity could be described as attempting a task the same way over and over again, expecting different results.
So in my opinion corporate insanity has taken hold here and nobody is trying to fix even my little problem.
No wonder they charge so much in fees just to keep an account open.
I would never recommend a friend or even an enemy to bank with bank of america.
They are too big to succeed at anything they are attempting.
And they are just big enough to fail every time.
Next time they are in trouble, let them sink.
The banking world will be a much better place.
I've been a customer for several years and have many colleagues that have bank of america accounts.
The poor service i received yesterday is the worse i've encountered in my entire life.
The representative i spoke with was very unhelpful.
I asked to speak with a supervisor and he told me that he was the supervisor.
The representative placed me on hold and ultimately ended the call.
Not before he canceled my debit card and refused to return charges that were on authorized.
I withdrew money from my account at the teller with a positive balance left.
When i woke up the following day i had received several overdraft fees.
The representative told me that the fees at her because i withdrew money at the teller.
This is impossible because there's no way i'll tell her will give you more money than what's in your account.
I work in an organization where they are 10,000+ employees.
There are two branches less than two blocks away from our location.
A 1 star rating is too generous
By far the worst bank ever!
And not just this location it's wells fargo itself!
Everything about it is just horrible!
This is my go to bank i suppose because it is on my side of town.
It's a good thing i actually like this location and i'm not forced to travel far for banking.
The staff is very pleasant and they are actually very friendly they know us all (the clients) by first name!!
I hear them often greeting everyone that walks in by their first name.
How cool is that?!
I feel very loved and appreciated, when they do that!
At least i know my money is safe!
Treated me like i was a crook.
They froze my mom's account.
They told me they needed to see her that she couldn't use her account until she came in.
She is severely handicapped and can barely walk.she called in proving she was who she was but still not enough.
..they wanted to see her in person.
I took her in to the nearest bank.
She closed her account promptly.
Shame on you mike the manager for exhausting a poor old lady for no reason at all.
Her signature should have been proof of life you moron.
She was helpful and professional.
She went out of her way to make sure i got the information i needed asap.
If there was an award for excellent service.
She should definitely get it
I hate doing anything here...hate it.
No desire to use this branch outside of last resort.
Slow, incompetent, and understaffed all the time.
I should say i've been with them for 9 years.
Went to this branch for teller service and says she can't see any information on the system.
How can information not show in the system?
The senior teller didn't help me until all the customers were gone in the lineup.
I should be served as soon as she is done.
Unprofessional and lack courtesy.
This isn't a food court or school.
I do not recommend coming to this branch.
Terrible service and unprofessional.
Not very helpful unless you are prepared to put in over $500,000 into your account.
Very minimal advice and had assigned a person to me with a very low level of interest.
Pleasant, professional call center--weak advisors unless you are prepared to dump in lot of money.
I need to move on.
Manager was very rude, refused to offer a credit, said it was our fault.
Our corporate papers were in perfect order with the city/state.
This bank is literally the worst bank in history and they are manager was rude and combative with my husband.
I drive by this branch alot but never went in until today4/20/2018.
I will never go to this branch again!
I called the real customer service number!
The professional who i spoke to was a real human and not a robot!
He is the only reason i am not closing my a business account and personal.
Wake up manager and train your employees not to be robots!
Think outside of the box
I recommend family trust to everyone, over all of their competitors especially the big bank fiasco.
Every trip to every branch finds me treated like, well, family.
This particular branch is my "home branch" and i always enjoy speaking with all of the employees.
Family trust has multiple financial options and market leading rates!
Andrew was very patient and took very good care of me when i was ready to refinance my new vehicle.
I trust them, and you should too!
I absolutely dislike this location.
The person banker who greeted me was super rude to me.
He was asking me questions like if was trying to do some random fraud on my account or something .
If it walks like a piggy, talks like a piggy, by golly it's a piggy!
Please help me turn this david vs. goliath modification process, into a goliath vs. goliath.
Divided we might have fell america, but united we must stand!
Please send your email directly to bank of america and include the following:  1.
Your complaint concerning your experience with bank of america.
Please end your email "i support john wright vs. bofa lawsuit!"
Please send a copy of your email to johns-wright@hotmail.com 5.
Please send your email to ceo email below    ceo brian moynihan:  brian.t.moynihan@bankofamerica.com
I am absolutely appalled by the new ways of azfcu.
Time couldn't even allow to explain how much i am beginning to despise this bank.
I will be surprised if i stay with this bank much longer at all.
Received a "rude" letter from them because they wanted me to deposit more money and use the account.
Attracting bees with vinegar?
And this with a low 3 star rating and ongoing problems?
Guess time will tell.
Unfortunately we wanted to support local credit unions and switched all of our banking from chase to cccu.
Big mistake and will be switching to another credit union.
Dealt with rafael today and he just refused to listen and give me the printout i needed.
It's exasperating dealing with reps that refuse to listen and act professional.
Are they trying to draw it out and make it difficult?
Yesterday i set up my socialbees businesses account (finally!)
And the process was super smooth and easy.
Now i'm ready for your credit cards, people... show me the money!
If i can give zero star, i would.
Very disappointed with the service at this branch.
This is referring bank of america system which charging me checking monthly fee for $ 8.95.
So decide to close one of my checking account to avoid loosing more money for this ridiculous fee.
Tried calling to close the account  july 11 at 17.00 and  was  answered after 25 min on hold.
Worst part,  the woman on phone  could not handle the checking account matter.
And again put on hold by her for how long?
Simply a very ugly customer service.
Tried to chat to close my account.
System mentioned the agent would be available in 4 mins.
Waiting and when 4 mins run out, when ready to type suddenly chat is not available.
The bankers are very informative know all of the information we wanted to know.
I will be back to do my further banking.
Although staff appear friendly, when it comes down to advise do not take it !!!
Not a month goes by that i do not have to call and ask her why the increase etc ...
I have never spoke to an agent so much in my life.
I am now looking for another agent !
I just stopped by this chase branch.
I went there with some trepidation because all four of the previous reviews awarded it only one star.
I walked in the door only a couple of minutes before they were supposed to close.
Rachel took great care of me.
She is very smart and friendly.
A nice bonus of of this location is that most of the employees seem to be bilingual.
So my husband and i have had an account with onenevada for almost 2 years now.
I explained the entire situation to her and she put in a request to reverse the charge.
Not only did it get done in 2 days, but she did in fact call me to notify me!
I cannot thank her enough for what she did.
If you get the pleasure of working with her, you will not be disappointed.
I wish i could hug her so tight for taking as good of care of us as she did!
Thank you so much josie!
I was drawn in by their a+ rating with bbb.
Which escrow does not allow btw.
Nearly killed my loan at the last minute.
I nearly lost the home i was purchasing.
The loan closed late thanks to this company.
My loan officer was not in my corner.
Do not go with this company.
It was the most stressful month+ of my life.
I would never recommend this company to anyone.
I've had my personal accounts with wells fargo for about seven years now.
I've been very happy with their locations, employees, and service.
Some of their locations have long waits but this one never does.
I applied nov 1st for our loan with the navy federal credit union.
I had issues with my credit and his was excellent, (750 score).
I was very specific!
The loan officer told me "sure, that's not a problem, we can just add him to title later."
I called 2 other local banks and they said the same thing.
So i decided to go with them because they were so much easier to deal with 2 previous car loans.
And i was afraid the others would drag it out by requesting  too many documents... big mistake!!!
We had the loan locked in at 2.625% on a 15 year, (before the rates jumped up).
I did all 3 by november 11th.
I waited to hear back from them.
I waited and waited.... 2 weeks... 3 weeks... 4 go by.
Middle of december i'm told that there's an "issue" with my title work.
The next day, this 'new person' never calls me back, i emailed him, nothing!
I called again, a week goes by, never got back to me!
No one is returning my calls... then  finally, december 21th,  i receive an 'email' not a phone call!
From a loan 'processor' saying that they 'cannot' do our loan because of my husband not being on title.
I flip out, call and speak with a supervisor.
The following tuesday morning i'm expecting an email saying we have a "clear to close" but nothing comes in.
That they cannot do the loan because he's not on title.
I told her what the supervisor told me on friday and she said that she knew nothing about that!
I left a message and a different supervisor called me and told me the same thing.
A big difference in payment on a $200k loan!
This was completely shocking and the worst experience ever!!!
Don't waist your time !!!
They are more expensive anyways "if" you can even get a loan!
Great service and liola little was amazing and very friendly!!
Thank you for your help!
Better referred to as skank of america for a reason!
Horrible bank - no customer service - do not use this bank!
You have been warned.
The buyers of my home in ca used skank of american to fund a home purchase.
The underwriter from skank delayed closing a week - because they cannot read simple english.
Run away and use any other bank!
Estafadores, groceros y abusivos al principio todo bien pero luego te tratan mal no se los recomiendo jamas
Look, i understand that folks can be frustrated and even disgusted by bofa.
I imagine if i had gone through similar experiences i would feel similarly.
The good: their mobile app is sharp and is exceptionally convenient for me.
Some tellers i've encountered - for large deposits or cashier's checks, are more than friendly and helpful.
There are tons of bofa atm's through charlotte and the envelope-free deposits are clutch.
I could also compose a diatribe on the overdraft fees, but it *looks like* they're adjusting those.
Is bofa the most dependable, efficient and trustworthy bank around?
But i'm happy with a majority of their features and online services that i'll keep using them...for now!
Needed questions answered at one time and couldn't get anything out of anyone.
When i gave up and just let it go now they want my attention.
I'll never suggest them a soul in my life.
And one star is to much.
That's their way to block bad reviews.
Great staff that knows who you are when you come into the branches.
Really great loan rates and super quick turnaround time on closing the loan.
Way better than any of the big banks in town.
My wife and i recently moved into the area, and are members at an associated credit union.
We needed a local brick and mortar location to help with transactions as we settled in.
I have visited this branch twice now.
I have found the entire staff to be friendly and efficient.
They have met all of our needs quickly and without problems.
I walk in and they know me (even though i don't go there frequently).
They are always friendly and happy to help.
They don't make you feel like a number.
They work hard to keep their customers happy.
Very different from some of the big banks i've been with in the past.
I am not satisfied of the auto loan with bank of america.
I regret choosing them.
I thought that i could trust them but no....
I feel like i got fooled and scammed.
I don't want to deal with them in my next car purchase.
I paid my principle balance in full and in timely manner.
I paid the amount according to my current statement.
And yet, they still added some more extra hidden fee on my loan.
I called customer service for answers.
I explained to them that i paid all of my auto loan according to my current balance.
They keep saying like a broken record that i need pay the "whole amount" ...
I'm not happy with the service.
I don't want to deal with bank of america anymore.
I did that for the free money....why not?
Now that i'm back and banking with them, it's been less than stellar.
Now that i have the free money from them, i'm going to close my account and move on.
Return factor - 2%
Love sharonview it's the best bank on this planet.
The people here are never dull (it usually looks like something out of people of walmart.com).
My favorite was some old dude...and i mean really old...wearing a cap that said sob...sexy old bastard.
My man commented that he hoped he was that cool when he was old.
Went in today to open a checking account and the banker was very nice and helpful!
Very easy to open the account.
A quick in and out on a saturday which was nice.
The morale at this credit union is not good.
Poor customer service and poor management.
The next bank i used has a very streamlined and efficient process.
Bank of america does not even deserve one star for their heloc process.
Ultimately, i believe appraisal was their pretext for denying the heloc.
The bank i use now will lend at least $95,000.
Great branch , everyone is friendly and calls you by your name as you walk.
Ms wesch is the best.
Carlos, matt, shanti also.
David was the ultimate professional.
I even closed early due to getting the loan funded early.
I highly recommend david for your mortgage needs!
They will rob you with random un-notified fees.
Charges include $5 for fraud protection, $1 for paper statements, $5 for "dormant" account.
None of these were made clear or notified of before hand.
I expect they will fold soon and would not trust them with my hard earned money.
Worst td branch that i've been to so far.
Least competitive mortgage rates, and you're lucky if they follow up on communications.
They take millions in bail out money yet they somehow find a way to screw over the american people.
After we are done bombing iraq and afganistan we should drop bombs on bank of america locations.
I stopped in for the first time ever to make a shared branching transaction back on dec. 31th.
It was approximately 2:15 p.m. and there were three tellers present.
I literally stood there for at least a minute without any of them acknowledging my presence.
When one finally greeted me after a minute of silence and asked if they could help me, they couldn't.
She didn't know how to process a shared branching transaction or couldn't for some reason.
I was helped by another teller.
I will not be coming back and will use another credit union for my shared branching transactions.
I am closing my checking account and 3 credit cards and lines of credit of $10k.
Corporations will do to you what you put up with, and i am a great fan of the personal boycott.
If you are a customer here or considering becoming one, you would be wise to go to another bank.
I deposited my paycheck, the machine took it and no receipt was given or notice of deposit processed.
The problems this time?
I suppose they have pushed the mobile app so they can cut down on customer support.
If i go to the branch, they refer me back to customer support.
#2:the new atm machines that retain your card sometimes do not let go of the card after they should.
I am being charged almost ten dollars because they put in malfunctioning machines.
It is not the money itself but the principle here, and it is indicative of the boa corporate character.
Do not bank with bank of america.
Customer service is awful.
I have been with many banks- chase, pnc, us, 53, santander, etc.
Bank of america has the worst service of all of them- hardly even a comparison.
Even spoke with the supervisor who was very insincere and honestly a bit incompetent.
I came in to open a new account.
Signed in on the wait list at 4:06p.
By 4:51, i think i was more than reasonably patient.
Great way to start their 2015.
It's useless to open more convenient branches if you can't staff them with bankers!
I've been a member of heartland credit union for about 34 years.
Service with a smile has always been the case, and i'm never just a customer.
If your money is in a bank, you're really missing out on the credit union membership experience.
A loss for the community, i guess, but economics get to us every day, don't they?
If you are a person who actually likes to pay their bills, run away from this bank!!!
I financed a car through them in december at the recommendation of a dealership.
In that time, i have received two bills in the mail- that's right  two bills in 6 months.
You may be asking yourself "why do you live in the stone age and not pay your bills online?"
I'm so happy you asked!
You need permission to pay your bills online.
So do yourself a favor and do not finance anything here!
While the staff is always kind, their systems are too backwards to navigate and it's impossible to make a payment.
Why don't these people want to take my money?
These are things most people learn by the 5th grade, probably should take your banking advice from others.
:)  "believe" me "you're" a valued customer at the arizona federal credit union.
Great people and services.
Never yelped on my bank in the past.
Have been  u.s. bank customer for about 15 years.
Have lines of credit, loans with them, etc.
I deposited a 40k check from my fidelity account so we can pay contractors working on remodels for our house.
They allow me 5k after two days, but have to wait a week for the rest!
It's a cashiers check for god's sake!!!
Can they really not spare 35k from their millions of dollars?
If not, that's pretty scary.
It reminds me of a credit union.
I will be pulling all of our accounts and move to a bank that appreciates long term relationships.
Customer service is at an all time low.
I hate us bank!!!!
They try to squeeze me for every single fee they can.
A small amount but are you kidding me?
And i have learned it's to no advatage to have all your banking at one bank.
I think i will check out a credit union.
Wf denied me because of a charged off account from 5 yrs ago.
Why, because there was nobody there and it was 2 min past their closing time.
Did he bother to take down my number, nope!
So i'm done, i am closing both accounts that i've had open for almost 40 yrs.
Best of luck to you, if you ever need to speak to somebody,   incompetence at it's finest.
Branch manager assisted me in opening an account and proactively providing crucial information.
Services are great here and the interest rates are competitive.
I don't have an account here, however, i use their "shared branching" service.
I've also used their notary public.
The people are very friendly and the location is really convenient.
1-star for annoying, difficult to cancel subscription/auto-emailing, etc.
1-star for referring me to nasb (north american savings bank) for my mortgage re-financing.
Shame on you, lendingtree.com!
Phenomenal customer service and very small business-friendly.
Kind tellers, managers, and security guard.
Managers go out of their way to look for opportunities to help small business owners.
I recommend this branch to everyone.
Literally the slowest bank on the planet.
There were seven people in line and one teller with three other people watching him as they do nothing.
I dread going here once a month.
It's time to give credit where credit is due !!
My experience with wells fargo bank dates back at least 25 years.
I chose the bank because it was close to my location at the time, and was a recognized banking establishment.
I can't stand this "credit union" their fees and policies are not much different than a bank.
I finally had to ask for a manager because 6mo makes no sense turns out it's 90 days.
Originally i was told 60 days by a different employee.
They need to figure out their information.
I thought this cu would be helpful as a teacher turns out it's just another hassle.
A review of the corporation, not a specific branch.
Well, thank you, bank of america, for a lovely morning.
Why exactly would we do that?
Why would your rep's supervisor even suggest such a thing would be appropriate?
Is that really your company's policy?
So, yes, we're not opening a new account with you.
And frankly, we may be pulling our existing accounts.
B of a is the most pathetically run bank i have ever had to do business with.
My mom passed away over 5 years ago.
I have sent on all of the requested forms many times and still no check!
I opened a joint checking and savings account today with my family.
Frankie, the banker, was very thorough and informative.
He was friendly and took his time with us.
I'm happy i did ... frankie gave us excellent customer service!
You don't get the money until after 90 days, but i figured it was worth it.
Nobody was there except me and one other person talking to the other account manager.
He said it would take between 30 and 45 minutes.
I was a little shocked by that.
He told me to come back at 5.
I don't think so.
I can't believe they let a new account walk out of their office without a second thought.
That is definitely not customer service.
Little did he know i had $15k to deposit in their bank as well.
Oh well, i'll try another bank.
They cover all my closing cost including the title fees.
Matt and john had been extremely helpful and accommodating to my situation.
They even had the notary come to me to sign the final documents in chicago.
I'm having a horrible experience with this company.
I should have read all the reviews here on yelp, as well as on credit karma and consumer affairs.
Expect lots of spam and your information being shared everywhere.
I plan on pursuing a more aggressive route if this doesn't stop.
Do not do business with sharon.
By default through my mother, i obtained homeowner's insurance through sharon.
We never had any claims for years and years.
I also obtained insurance for a second home thru her also for years.
Never did we have any claims and were, therefore, "easy" money for her.
At one point, because of the last recession, i disposed of the rental some years ago.
She said the time did not matter and that the cancellation was effective at the time i called to cancel.
I just received my confirmation of cancellation and in fact the cancellation is effective at 12:01 a.m.
I was appalled at such response to my very valid question.
No wonder she has had such a high turnover in her office.
Nice and fast at this location, in n out 9 out of 10 visits.. all bank tellers are very pleasant.
Thanks for the great experience..
This is the worse bank ever!!!!
The representative tells me you are in the negative and don't make enough to qualify for assistance.
He states "yes that's correct."
Wow please be careful getting a credit card from bofa cause if you ever run into unexpected financial difficulty!!!!
They will refuse to help!
They want you to be late so they can collect more money!!!!
If i could give them a 0 i would.
Letters and going into the bank have  done nothing for me.
I will continue to write to the bank headquarter, the federal reserve bank and even the securities exchange commision.
I bet my deed it lost in some warehouse with all the other countrywide documents.
The next day i get a call saying "after further review we decided not to give you an account".
Well here's my review, you can stuff your bank account.
Usaa has offered me a checking account as well as i've had several credit cards through them.
Azfcu is too good for my money so i'll go else where.
I hope the whole company goes belly up!
There is absolutely no reason why i should have been denied a simple checking account.
Us bank is a scam i'm looking for a lawyer their balance s are never accurate.
I went to bank with all my receipts 43rd northern would not even go into details.
I am about to be evicted thanks to u$ bank.
I need a lawyer
Horrible place, i regret getting my credit cards with them.
Unfortunately, i have to give this business 1 star.
I would not give them any stars if that was possible.
I have been banking with truwest for 2 years.
On my birthday, a fraudulent charge was taken out of my bank account.
I called in the evening as soon as i realized this.
The guy on the phone had no idea what to do.
The transaction showed as an autopay, so, that didn't make sense.
Then, i went to the bank.
The lady there told me that they couldn't help me, and to call the number that i called last night.
Then, i called to dispute the charge.
But, they offered no credit for 5 days.
Unfortunately, this puts me in a position to get evicted from my home because now, i can't pay my rent.
I can't see how that will save me from losing my home.
I did, and they told me the account specialist would call me back.
Apparently, these are the only people that can help me, and i am not allowed to speak with them.
I am calling the ftc if this is not resolved within 24 hours.
Been a customer over 20 years and now i am closing my account.
Apparently loyalty means nothing these days.
From the moment we entered the building, we were welcomed in with great hospitality.
The rate provided by their "lenders" were all much higher than the rates quoted by major banks in my area.
But otherwise it's a complete waste of time for those looking to refinance jumbo loans in california.
Chase is a very terrible bank with the worst service i have ever seen in my life.
My advice never start a bank account at chase because the same thing might happen to you also.
Lendingtree taut that they have access to all types of loans.
Unfortunately, this is a con to drive users to their site.
I asked "scott" about "construction loan" options, which are promoted at their own site.
"scott" said that they didn't have this underwriting capability unfortunately.
I then asked about a "raw land loan".
Again, "we can't help.".
I inquired about a "sba loan."
We aren't going to be able to help you today."
If they only want to loan pocket change, why don't they promote these products-only?
Appropriately, lendingtwig should be their name.
Don't use their antiquated mobile deposit system.
If they reject an image, you don't get an email, you get a letter 7 - 10 days later.
So, if you thought that check went in, and started paying your bills, you will be paying many overdraft fees.
*update*  today, august 16th, at about 12:15, i tried calling again to get this resolved.
I was told the exact opposite of everything i was told the first time.
Spoke to chantelle who claimed she was a manager, teller number 7626.
I will be contacting the attorney general.
Ive been using this credit union for years.
Came in from out of state to finalize a loan.
The assistant branch manager curtis was extremely rude and condescending towards the process.
He made the process way more complicated then it needed to be meanwhile giving attitude the entire time.
I would recommend trying a different branch.
His attitude was polar opposite then any other employee that i've dwelt with in the past.
Why don't you see a lot of great reviews for fortress?
Because most of their customers won't tell you what i'm about to.
Writing a review about a restaurant is one thing.
Revealing personal details about one's bad credit isn't the sort of thing most want to disclose.
People would prefer to quietly get their credit fixed and move on without drawing any attention to themselves.
But here's what you need to know.
I first heard about fortress on a radio show coming home from work in 2011.
I didn't know credit could be fixed and wasn't sure if it was true.
I used to have great credit before the real estate market tanked in 2008.
I was that guy who owned several homes including rental property before the crash.
When things got tough credit cards, car payments and the multiple mortgages stopped getting paid.
You probably know how this story goes.
It might be similar to your story.
I cautiously hired fortress in october of 2012 hoping for the best but not expecting much.
What sold me was the paid on performance agreement.
They'll bill me only for the items they could fix.
If they couldn't delete it i wouldn't pay.
There were no monthly fees and no contract to get locked into.
My middle score was a dismal 584.
Within 35 days six of the eight collections and a few late payments from other accounts were gone.
I was sent a bill for the items they deleted and decided to pay it off in small installments.
The second month my $7,800 amex charge-off and an $8,200 midland funding collection was deleted.
The third month two of my four tax liens were deleted along with the last two collections.
I was pretty surprised 100% of my collections were removed and they never reappeared.
My score went from 584 to 702.
Fast forward to today my middle score is 804.
I've even included a picture.
So why the handful of bad reviews?
Here's the reason for the bad reviews and why i wrote this.
They eventually did and i've been here nearly four years.
I've personally enrolled over 1,500 people in this program.
I've seen amazing results and i've seen some pretty disturbing things too.
First, let me appeal to your reason and common sense.
10,000+ happy clients over eleven years vs. 5-6 complaints.
That's about one complaint for every 2,000 happy clients.
How many companies can say that?
Every one of them was sent to collections for the same reason their creditors sent them to collections.
They didn't pay us either.
I've watched thousands of clients get a spectacular result.
Usually, 50% to 70% of their bad credit was deleted with a 50 to 150 point score increase.
They're excited about the result but aren't interested in writing reviews for everyone to see.
It's a reality in the credit repair industry and a risk we take as a paid on performance company.
We do all the work up front in good faith our clients will honor their agreement with us.
In those rare cases when they don't, we reluctantly send them to collections after trying to work with them.
Every disparaging comment on this page was posted days after getting notification we sent them to a collection company.
The credit we fixed which they refused to pay for has now been damaged again.
I encourage you to consider this information.
The bitter part is the few people here that are complaining are people i personally enrolled.
I watched them get a great repair then vanish once we sent them an invoice.
This place was great!
Some people frown upon credit unions but the people here are so helpful!
And better yet at the accounts are free!
This is the branch where i got my mortgage for my first home 2 years ago.
And, i can pay the bills online now.
I love this bank.
I have several accounts with them including a small business checking account which is totally free.
All of my accounts are free, one of them requires a minimum balance.
I do wish there were a few more in town.
I moved here from out of state and i had been searching for a home for about a year.
My credit wasn't the best and i have some hiccups on my credit report.
I just recently moved in my home 2 days ago and she help make it happen!
She was there until the very end/ closing table.
Clark county credit union and teri kight change lives one loan at a time...
I have referred at least two people and i will keep referring people to this company.
This was my 1st time dealing with a local credit union.
So far, my experience is very positive.
Anjelica, my member services rep. was very friendly and personable and was quick to help me with my new account.
I wasn't even kept waiting very long and it was a busy friday!
I would definitely recommend them based on my experience there.
I would rather borrow from a mob boss.
Paid my loan off 3/29/2018 and still have not received my title to my truck.
And now 2 days shy of 22 weeks later still nothing except a run around.
Save hundreds if not more go to the mob and get a title loan or anywhere else.
Bank of america was my first bank after switching from a credit union.
I banked with them for a couple years.
Well, that didn't happen.
She then explained to me that my paper work have been misplaced.
This is when i freaked out.
They misplaced my social, my address, name everything for anyone to be able to steal my identity.
Ya, not if a criminal found it!
They wouldn't waive any of the fees bc they didn't think it was their fault.
I paid them off and switched banks and i will never bank with them for anything ever again.
I can into this branch to do some banking and jackie helped me.
I would highly recommend this bank !
They use to be good - now don't trust them.
They lie about their fixed rate credit cards.
Never missed a payment.
Also, they have started charging all kinds of hidden fees.
I switched to rbfcu and they are much better, lower fees and better loan rates.
I guess the bank branches are closed today and monday for veterans day.
They have only a few branches open on saturdays regardless.
Maybe i missed it but don't remember receiving a notice that the branches would be closed today.
My husband isn't with chase but had a chase check to cash from his boss.
My husband at that point was embarrassed and felt horrible and left.
I had no idea you had to be a customer to cash a chase check...
Disappointed in the decline in service from this credit union.
I've been a member for seven years, even keeping my accounts when i moved out of state.
At the time, their service and values were still worth the inconvenience of not having a branch in my state.
I have never heard of this requirement.
Also, a check i deposited two days before that (8 aug) cleared without a problem and without this language.
When i called for clarification, i was told this is new federal policy.
The lady said the mobile deposit should have rejected the check at the time of deposit.
Well, it didn't, so i fail to see how that's my problem.
I had already moved most of my money out of sfcu, but this is the last straw.
Damagingly inconstant and inconsiderate.
Employees are condescending, rude and blame customers for their mistakes.
Pulled my money from df, told them why and again, nothing!
Can't believe this place is in business!
Their reviews speak for themselves!!!
I had to reduce the rating of this location drastically......here is why.
Reason being is because they wanted to see a year's worth of payments toward my new jeep......whatttttttt?
Eat, drink, and be merry my friends!!!!
I can't believe this company hasn't been shut down by class action lawsuits by now.
With in 15 seconds of my last click i get my first phone call from a lender.
With in 24 hours they had my verizon voicemail completely full.
I'm blocking numbers left and right since i'm at work and can't deal with all the calls.
I filled out a help desk request with them to remove me from their list.
They are constantly texting me to.
This is abusive harassment.
This company should shut down permanently.
She is a assets to your organization.
Unable to process an account closure, still waiting after 20 minutes.
An account holder for 10 plus years suddenly began assessing fees.
Boa help on their branches sucks ...never enough help at the windows.
As much as you like for customers to use the kiosk some likes to come in.
So since i work with highly expectations in customer service here is what i have to say.
That's not good for any business.
They really know their stuff!
I love banking here!
Hcu is a nice bank and usually the people are too.
There are several locations.
Maybe person above should try a different location?
Worst credit union ever!!!!
Employees are condescending, rude and blame customers for their mistakes.
Never had a problem with my other credit union in 10 years and had nothing but issues from the start.
Asked for financial advisor to call me, nothing after 2 requests.
Pulled my money from df, told them why and again, nothing!
Can't believe this place is in business!
My interaction with you was the nail in coffin on this ridiculous credit union!
I am not one to write reviews, however this company needs to be exploited for their unethical business practices.
We took out a car loan in 2011.
The car was to be paid in full december of 2017.
We received a balance owing still of over $6000.
The signed document clearly states that the insurances was included in our payment that we signed for.
No statements reflect anything different and our payment book also shows the car being paid off in december.
This is pure fraud.
We are now in contact with an attorney.
I am sick of it.
They charged me money for the whole month of august when i closed my house on aug 2.
Why should i have to pay interest for the remainder of the month?
I am going to bbb with this one as well.
I will never use b of a to purchase my next house.
I am going to a different lender.
I hope anyone who reads this does not use b of a for anything at all especially home loans.
Helpful staff and tellers.
I'm a long time member, and they've always had a smile on their faces.
They have several branches and the web site has been redesigned to be more intuitive.
I wouldn't even give a star if i could.
The worst customer service!
Because of that they charged me $25 late fee!
They wouldn't listen, they wouldn't even consider to resolve the issue on their customer behalf!
Its not like i missed my payment it was a simple mistake paying too early!
Would never bank with them again
Bank of america bought countrywide mortgage a few years and thought it was a "good deal".
They also bought merrill lynch at the time for the same reasons too.
Does anyone remember this?
It's only been 3-4 years since this happen.
He got away with having an "ugly tan" and money to start another bank if he wanted to.
Before the great depression in 2008, most people had no clue what a "subprime loan" was.
Only bankers, mortgage people, and some real estate agents who did loans knew what that terminology was.
I might of left others out, but you get the point.
Bank of america is a crook at the highest level.
Don't be blind to it.
I could write a 10 page yelp review on them easily.
Everyone(the idiots in society)  blames bush, reagan, or obama for our economic problems.
Nobody blames clinton, but he "de-regulated the banks".
You yelpers don't remember that???
Clinton pushed for and signed every damn deregulatory measures he could get his hands on.
The 1999 law clinton signed repealing the depression era glass-steagall act is one of many deregulations.
Http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gramm%e2%80%93leach%e2%80%93bliley_act   please just google "what caused the recession of 2008" and read up on the banking issues.
Don't be a "drone" who believes everything they hear in the media, the clueless co-worker, or what have you.
If you're a chase customer, i'm sure you've been in some sh*tty branches before.
Broken atm's, long lines, 'tude tellers, people who have no idea who to get the job done, etc.
Walking into this branch is like walking into pleasantville.
People are literally hanging out of their offices to say hello/goodbye to you.
The teller was super competent and even waved some little fees for yours truly.
My debit card had also stopped working and they took care of that in about 5 min.
Not every store has this capability, but this one does.
This wells fargo location is probably the worst one i've ever been too.
I have only been here once and will never return.
They both were questioning me like i had no idea what i was talking about.
Don't waste your time coming to this location.
1/12/17 update: continuing to have problems with truwest--especially their credit card.
Twice in the last 3 years the credit card department has lost my check payment.
The first time they tried to blame the postal service stating that it must have been lost in the mail.
Since this is the second time, i am starting to wonder if they are having problems with processing check payments.
I pay my credit card in full each month within 24 hours of receiving my statement.
I have done this for many years and never carry a balance.
I did that and it had not (it wouldn't if they lost it again).
So i immediately wrote them another check and mailed it in.
See below for some of the other major issues with truwest over the last several years.
3/22/16 i have been a member of truwest for many years--going back to when they were the motorola credit union.
The only account i have with payments is my credit card which i pay off in full each month.
Unfortunately, my husband had died two years earlier.
Customer service assured me that they would research this and get back to me within a few days.
That was december and this is march and i still have not heard back from them.
Multiple cards and checking account.
This was 0% my fault!!
I went in to open a business account.
I am not a child i feel very disrespected chase sucks.
We're moving to fl for retirement.
I was looking at boa as my new bank.
There isn't a branch of my old band where we are going to.
I found out that boa is going to quit loaning money to businesses that manufacture guns.
I will not be a part of any institution that supports the overthrow of the constitution.
You should be ashamed to call yourselves bank of america.
You should be called bank of socialism.
You have lost a customer and i imagine many more.
Love the place they have the best tellers and charlotte and loan agents.
I have been doing business with sharonview for 15 years now and the service is a+++++.
The worst customer service!
They treat their customers like criminals and want you to be happy they're your bank.
Too much fine print in their products can trip you up too.
Don't walk, run away from doing banking business with them and don't look back!
Worst customer service ever!!!
So he only made one phone call and gave up and was trying to send me on my way.
I don't think so!
I had to get his district manager tara involved to find out who really had my money..
This branch is usually very good with good service, clear explanations, and solutions to problems.
Truwest in general is fantastic and would highly recommend to anyone
There was no need for clarification, as the check was made out to me.
This is not a place to do business where they judge a book by its cover.
Went in today to open a new bank account since i've had credit acct with them for a little while.
Steven (personal banker) was the only one that noticed me and greeted me.
He was so nice, professional and make me feel so welcoming.
His attitude was the only reason why i even give this place a 2 stars.
The lady at the register was the one i'm talking about.
Her name is irene.
She looks like she hated the job so much that all her bad attitude just went all in for me.
When i didn't do nothing.
I did not even have a smile or a thank you.
Other than that steven !!
You were a great help today.
This branch is horrible.
Absolutely the worst bank i have ever been to.
What a horrible experience.
The manager here is a woman who is rude and wants no part of any type of customer service!!
What kind o bank is this?
I chose this bank originally because they were having a great deal to open up a checking account.
I'm so glad i did because it is simple and the people are great.
The only issue i had that keeps them from 5 stars for me is their loan department.
Other than that i have had no issues with this bank or its associates!
I've spent 30 minutes on the phone on two different occasions trying to get help with this too.
He was extremely helpful and personable.
His demeanor and temperament were just what i needed that day.
Thank you so much for your kindness matt!
I can't believe nobody is talking about the horrific website this bank has!
It is the total opposite of "user-friendly" and has "maintenance" nearly every day.
The kicker is, there are some things (like changing your address) that you can only do online with this bank.
You cannot call them and get anything done over the phone.
However, you basically had to have built the website yourself to locate anything on there.
Also, they'll update it randomly and lose all sorts of information!
For 7 years i have paid my credit card online with truwest with an account from another bank.
Now, i log in and all my other bank's information is gone!
The kicker is, i can't even just re-enter the new information, i have to first "confirm" my email.
I've supposedly sent myself an email confirmation code about 5 times now and have never actually received the code.
And when you call a branch, you have to leave a message and someone will call you back...
Sometimes days later, and always when it's least convenient.
I cannot wait to pay off my credit card and be done with truwest forever.
They sit in an enclosed room in the back which is weird.
The lines took a little longer than expected because one teller would help multiple people at once.
The front desk lady is only there for info.
There is no drive-thru.
Been to this location about four times for shared branching, and it was a great experience every time.
Jarrod, has been my teller many times, and he's polite, friendly, and patient.
After dealing with such nice people; i decided to open an account with truwest credit union.
The representative that helped open the account was was wonderful also.
Anjelica was the best.
I love this place.
This branch in general seems to be okay but there are other branches i just don't go to.
Another 5 star review for one nevada!
The other day i was assisted by bianca and she's awesome!
She was very customer friendly, concerned about what i needed and helped me in a matter of a few minutes.
Denise the security guard is a sweetheart too!
Thank you onenevada for going above and beyond in customer service.
They will take your money away with so much unfair fees!!
We did two refis with matt younan and the experience couldn't have been better.
He's super professional, always available and kept us in the loop throughout.
If there's ever an occasion to do it again, we won't hesitate to give matt another call.
It feels weird to review a bank .
.. but when you've had good service, it deserves a review.
I've been banking at this location for a few years, as i work less than a mile down the road.
I've been inside numerous times for notary services and cashier checks and always feel welcomed.
Some banks will make you feel like an inconvenience for services like that.
I've never had trouble at the atm either!
Went to maximum and met with christine, she was wonderful, friendly and professional.
Made a big mistake by opening a simple checking account here.
They told me they had to hold my payroll check for 9 days before i could use it.
What a garbage bank....
This company sells your information to perhaps hundreds of telemarketing firms.
Many of which have nothing to do with the information you were seeking!
I have been a long time customer, and joined because of a great credit card rate many years ago.
They assured me it was resolved, but i tried again and was denied again.
I called several more times...they reassured me it was finally fixed.
At this point i got frustrated and just used by bank card.
They said the travel access was enabled and it would be no problem.
I could not use my card abroad.
This sucked big time...but fortunately i had my trusty bank card to save the day.
I am seriously considering that i do not need this hassle.
I literally spent hours and hours trying to resolve this issue without any real resolution.
It's only a matter of me finding another visa card with a good rate.
Customer service  i got "power of attorney" for my mother who has dementia.
We took all her id and put her in a home in ocala, fl.
She didn't have any id but the guy gave her a new debit card and some money.
She took the debit card and started buying a bunch of stuff from dillards, barnes and noble.
Then went back to the home and started buying stuff on line.
Like a new computer.
She doesn't have much money in the acct and it needs to be used to pay for her house.
I was trying to cancel the debit card.
But, when i called up there they said the account is invalid.
I've spent several hours trying to reach them.
I called like 20 times to different local branches.
They say press 4 to talk to someone.
I press 4 and the machine says everyone is busy, goodbye.
I spent 2 hours waiting on hold for fraud.
They finally came on and said, we can't help you.
You need to go into the bank.
I went up to the bank 55 m st. in dc.
I waited for some guy to finish.
Some lady said, why don't we call customer support.
We did and i waited and i waited.
Then erika come in and says, i can help you.
I went into her office.
We waited on hold for 20 minutes.
She hung up and said, she was calling another number.
She called it and we waited 10 minutes and i had to go back to work.
She put in my number for them to call me back.
10 minutes later daniel from the delaware ctr called me back.
I explained what was happening and she said, that is too bad.
Your mother has to come up here and cancel the order.
I said, she has dementia and lives in fl.
I live in md.
She said, i don't see your power of attorney.
I said, i just left the bank and they could see it.
She was very, very rude.
Bank of america has the worst customer service.
I'd give no star.
They ask for all the information... and, based on the following phone calls, that personal information did get passed onward...
The young fellow from lendingtree called, was rude, and hung up on me.
They won't give the actual facts, details, rates, information.
Should not have been any problem.
Just wanted the lowest available rate... a total nightmare!
After numerous questions... the next company finally stated that  a) the rates are higher than advertised....... which is illegal.
B) then, there are fees............. 1: there is a $2,500.00 just for giving you a loan.
2: there is a house appraisal fee and he guesses 400-500.00............. a guess?????????
So, i was stupid and foolishly gave all the details, birth date, social security, address... to shady companies...............
Letting everyone know to beware of this financial shopping online.....................
Brittany was very helpful and concerned with my issue.
She immediately remedied it and made me whole!
She also told me to file a fraud claim if they tried to do it again.
Her exceptional customer service and knowledge is appreciated.
She is one of the many reasons i love onenevada!!!
I am very skeptical about this credit union but the saving grace was josie.
She was friendly and happy to help.
We talked about a few things that were a little too personal, but she was comfortable to talk with.
Plus it was easy for others to hear our conversation in here.
Perhaps i heard a tone which was biased due to my mood.
I like being local, i like the way they called me.
I am still skeptical, but i am committed to giving them a chance.
I will leave my previous review as a reference to this updated review.
There was a teller 2 cubicles down that was totally evil.
She literally was yelling at an older gentleman who was asking for help.
I told josie when she came to get me "please don't talk to me like that".
Not every location has telling to save money.
The app has a bug that rejects you but it actually didn't reject you:/ .
My address appeared as a weekly rental in their database.
Also in the app, you can not view your account number.
Seriously a lot of bugs.
I want to leave the big banks but not into the dumpster.
I hope these things are fixed.
Bank of america used ot offer a single digit fixed rate of interest credit card to college students in 1995.
It was a visa for 9.9% and sylvia coats ran the program.
This was right before the merger with nationsbank in north carolina.
But then it got aquited.
This list of businesses get ruined / will be ruined when they're bought by a bigger entity.
Nations bank bought b of a.
Avoid, avoid, avoid lendingtree.com at all costs.
They lure you in my entering your details online with the premise that you will see the information online.
The minute they have your phone number and email - boom!!
- all hell breaks loose.
Phone calls, emails, text messages from lender representatives.
Its unrelenting and totally misleading as at no time during the signup do you get asked "can we contact you??"
To top it all off, lendingtree.com representatives are rude and condescending.
Never ever will i use them in the future.
Apart from that they're great :)
If you yearn for 6:30am marketing calls, this is your company.
The user experience is highly misleading.
You fill out their web form expecting online quotes.
The calls literally began 60 seconds after i hit submit.
No quote info at all provided online.
The people here are the most friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable bank staff i have ever met.
It is literally the customer service you would expect from a 5-star hotel.
We drive about 15 minutes to this location, because they are the best around.
We have our bank account, home loan, and daughter's account there.
Way to go wells fargo!
I sat there like "hello!
And told her i'm in a hurry.
And talked to me like i was stupid when i was trying to open up a business account.
If i knew her name i'd give it but i don't remember.
So i went to pecos location to see if i can get better customer service but nope!
A negative stars situation here.
It is classic bait and switch.
But that does not stop the subsidiary inquiries from touching your credit.
Even if you don't directly approve them running your credit.
For your credit score and your sanity.
Go to your local credit union or something.
That's what i should have done.
I live in california my father puts money in this account from az.. they shut off my original card..
People were lazy and not familiar with their own credit card program.
Water 1 hour waiting for nothing.
I've been a truwest member since 1979.
They have morphed into a very unprofessional organization.
Due to loss of job and financial hardships they helped by increasing my credit card percentage from 8.5 to 21.5.
This really helped my situation!
I have to wait until monday.
Truwest claims it is my employer yet i'm the only one experiencing this delay.
Next week, truwest and i are parting ways.
This is not how you treat members.
I receive prompt courteous attention from bill and his staff with any questions or issues i may have.
He answers all my questions and is never pushy about any coverage.
I feel confident in having all my coverage with bill davis and state farm.
2 tellers to start the morning?
Shouldn't have to wait 20 minutes in line to get to a teller.
In no particular order: 1.
2. international transfers must be done either in person or by mail.. faxed or emailed documents are not accepted.
Fine duca are a small credit union but in this day and age that's really a bit behind the times.
This is more canada wide than for duca.
How can you get by in canada without a credit card?
They don't make it easy and credit unions should be leading the way here.. come on.
If i need to buy stuff online/ book flights etc i need a credit card.
I really don't want one and feel there's no way around it here.
On the topic of credit cards i asked duca for some details.
The cards are actually issued by a 3rd party and not duca..
I looked into their paid for account for unlimited pos and cash withdrawals etc.
All in all a disappointing experience and i've only been with them a month...
I won't be with them by next month
I visited truwest credit union today to open a new checking and savings account.
The customer service is great and i highly recommend them to anyone looking for bank or credit union.
I thought bank of america could not get any worse, but i was totally mistaken.
I accidentally found out and reversed the changes after months of undue charges.
Then, i had a problem with my credit card.
I called numerous times and went to their local branches twice.
Nobody knew how to solve the issue.
I ended up paying 2k and my credit was hurt.
That was may 2016.
I thought there is no way this can get any worse: mistake number 2.
In october 2018 they started calling me and sending me weird letters to verify my immigration status.
I have been living in the us for 8 years and have been their customer ever since i entered.
I have a business and social security number.
I have no idea why on earth it is their business what my immigration status is.
They said it was because of sanctions against my home country: bullshit.
They then froze my account because apparantly they prefer doing ice's job and suck at their own.
I am closing my account.
I am afraid they will build a wall around their branch to prevent immigrants entering.
Breya and cresson were awesome!
They took a complicated situation and made it so easy to meet our needs.
Thank you both for a great experience!
Statements continue to be inaccurate based on physical paper statement vs online.
Their website is embarrassing and difficult to understand.
I'm a new member and can't wait to leave.
Customer service doesn't exist.
I tested them, asked for them to call me to refinance a vehicle, no call, they suggested the service.
This place is laughable.
Best financial institution in nevada!
Gina was the latest employee to help me and she was professional, patient and solved the problem!
So many great folks work for this company and i wouldn't dream of banking with anyone else.
Been there done that and the others aren't even close.
I've been their customers for 4 years, everytime there is a problem, they always mess it up.
Their personal banker changes like every 6 months.
They have no idea what are they doing.
Finally, after all finish a week later i found out that she still make mistakes with my address.
And she is not the first one that disappointed me.
Wells fargo, you guys really need to hire someone smarter!!
Great location, as it's tucked away between charleston and desert foothills.
Great for the west summerlin crowd.
Staff is very friendly.
The branch off of canyon pointe is lit much better, as a comparison.
I have been dealing with a claims on business account for over 45 days.
I was assured the 45th day 11/5 that the money would be refunded back into my business account.
Today is day 48!
Now boa is telling me it could be another 45-90 days before i see a refund.
They mentioned december, then january!
We are talking about a transaction that was $500 that i was charged $3500!
Plus an additional $2500 that gameday media is putting back into our account.
This is a total of $6000!
I was told the day i filed a claim, i would be refunded on day 45.
The corporation gameday media even agreed to not dispute the refund back.
I have spent 2-4 hours a day on the phone with boa!
I asked them how am i supposed to buy inventory?
All i do is get we apologize.
So i need answers now, not 7 days, 45 days, 90 days.
Plus the stress of me being on the phone numerous hours!
Veronica jones  dfw holistic health
A "local" credit union that creates more headache for its clients than needed.
Will do business out of state before i it'll do business in southern nevada.
Claims that they "protect" their client when buying a car.
Truth is they are their own dealership.
They buy the cars from out of state and can control all of the profit.
Do yourself a favor.
Take your money out of this credit union.
There are many other southern nevada credit unions that don't scare tactic their clients into spending more money with them.
I don't have an account here.
I should open an account though...atm fees.
I call carolina premier my 'pretend' bank.
Now that the offerings are not so competitive, save yourself some time and frustration by banking elsewhere.
Personally, i am looking forward to my final cd maturing, to dump this albatross.
Finally got time to catch them when they're open, due to having the same work schedule as all their locations.
But no ones email seemed to work there.
I sent one to one teller and then tried another.
I had sent emails on my phone all day but now "somethings wrong."
If something were wrong on my end, i would get a "mail delivery failures email."
Didn't receive one for either emails i tried.
Slow like all locations of cccu.
Especially on mondays as they only have 1 location open on saturday and it's in n las vegas .
Danny bhavsar, client relations vp, has been particularly helpful and has earned my trust.
It's like a target date fund, it's called "intelligent portfolios".
It's the george foreman of investing "set it and forget it", just don't forget to keep putting your money in!
Their app is very robust and easy to use.
You can deposit checks, transfer money, and see your investments and checking account all at a glance.
This is a great pnc location if you're in southside.
The staff is very friendly, and i've never had to stand in a long line.
We've opened up new accounts here, done standard transactions, and had cashier's checks cut here.
All with minimum fuss.
There's also an atm outside if you're looking for a pnc atm during off hours.
I definitely prefer this location to the other ss location on 18th & carson.
Less people in the bank, and less people outside of the bank asking you for money when you leave.
Not only was bridget rude but she didn't even seem to care on how she was treating her customers.
She was no help whatsoever and i ended up having to call corporate to get my money back.
I will never use this branch again and am very disgusted with the way i was treated by kristi.
Years ago, i banked here.
These days the only reason i come here is to make my mortgage payment.
Saturday morning, i was the only one in line.
For 10 minutes while a teller conversed with a customer about their grandkids.
I get it you want to connect with your customers.
Another person working the drive thru  came to the front where i thought he would help me.
Finally, a woman from the back came out and asked if i had a check deposit or a payment.
She finally took my payment.
One more reason to hate the big banks.
This credit union sucks!
The customer service, reps are  not professional, they are ghetto.
I doubt  they do any criminal back ground checks  on their employees.
They love to agru with you,  which is what they specialize in, definitely not customer service!
This credit credit union takes privileges away without notice!
One time  i witnessed  their employees laughing at an actual customer because she wanted explanation, as to decision making etc.
All they could do is laugh and the customer was upset and they continued to be unprofessional!
Stay away from this credit union, this is not the credit union for your needs.
Unprofessional,  ghetto and these people  have access to your account.
Avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid go to any other cibc branch stay away from this place ok!
Absolutely horrible service they do not want your business you are not a priority for them.
Your business is not a priority they don't care they don't care at all.
At the end of the day they only care about their hourly wage and their salary.
Takes way to long to be helped by a customer rep!!!
Don't come here unless you want to wait close to an hour...
This is the best location in arizona, hands down.
I will go miles out of my way just to see francis.
She is phenomenal and the only person i trust for my business and personal banking.
Beware the credit card division.
They won't talk to you without this information.
Late payment = extra fee$).
If you do decide to apply for their card don't go paperless.
Absoulte joke of a bank.
If i can prevent one person from banking with these idiots, me leaving was worth it.
Hope they go under.
Good intentions, terrible staff, dreadful ideas absolutely horrible policies.
I love this bank.
It's so convenient being located in the unlv's student union.
Nothing like grabbing lunch and doing your banking at the same time.
The staff here are amazing!
Especially the manager joanne.
They all make you feel very welcomed.
I enjoy seeing workers that love their job and enjoy what what they do.
I am extremely happy with this bank.
They understand what i need and meet my expectations of service always.
One last note: one nevada uses all point atm machines free of fees.
These machines are everywhere!
Even out of state.
This bank gives absolutely the worse rates for savings, checking, etc.
Its only good if you need a loan.
Dont give these people your money!
Patrick has a great operation.
They are kind, but also extremely efficient and knowledgeable.
I never felt pushed to buy more coverage than i needed.
The referral they gave me was to a group of similarly honest and concerned agents.
Having sold insurance and quit because of how exploitative it can be, i cannot recommend patrick's office highly enough.
This might seem like hyperbole, but they restored my faith in insurance.
The same week i decided to cut my land line i gave my phone number to lending tree.
I've gotten over 100 calls in less than a week.
If that's what you want go for it.
The staff is amazing at this branch, alan c, &  grace are so helpful, always courtesy and efficient, !!!!!
Never a long wait,,!
Stupid money hogging ass-hats.
You suck the biggest balls ever!
The bad reviews here exactly express the way i feel about this specific location/branch.
They really make you feel like crap.
The manager/supervisor ,she, was extremely rude to me.
I just recently opened my account here and made the mistake of coming to this branch to complete my enrollment.
Corporate, or whoever is in charge, really needs to advise management what good customer service is.
I just don't get how a business can allow there employees treat there clients like they do!
They made sure i didn't leave without getting every possible discount that i was eligible for!
I'd definitely recommend them as someone who moved out of state and wanted to keep state farm.
Came here on president's day.
I appreciated being able to still access my money thru the atm.
The option to get your cash disbursed in five dollar bills is the icing on the cake.
I hate how banks would force you to withdraw from the atms in 20s.
Was told 1 hr wait for notary.
Saw  1 person before me and 1 hr wait that's ridiculous.
Will avoid at all cost.
Walked in to go through through the business transactions line and noone would help the gentleman and myself.
I'm making a 3000 dollar deposit and i'm standing in the lobby with my thumb up my butt.
I have a business to run and can scarcely afford to spend 20-25 minutes waiting to make a deposit!
I am no fan of banks but this particular branch is very efficient and customer oriented.
They do their jobs and they do it well
This is the second auto loan i've done with cccu.
In both instances i have received the best service.
Prompt responses, friendly reps!
This recent loan has been the quickest experience ever!!!
I will never use anyone else.
In fact, i'm telling all my co-workers and friends about them.
Cccu, you have a client for life!
Opened up a new account at this branch.
Had to wait a few minutes, but the waiting area was spacious.
The people there were really friendly.
Nice service, good bank (although some of the fees i dislike).
I'm really happy that no matter where i go, there's a bofa nearby.
They took $ just for using my card too much wtf??
Do you really want these guys taking your money for using it?
Buy gold if your trying to save don't waste your money with these guys there horrible !
I have used b of a for many years, but lately they are not as good as before.
They charge me a $3 fee every time i write a check.
They are fast to take money out of my account, but slow to credit deposits and credits of any kind.
I'm thinking about switching banks, who is good?
The report also shows that 15 executives at m&i bank will receive a combined total of $65 million in payouts.
The bank of montreal has also obligated itself via contract to pay any tax liabilities associated with the payments.
We woked with matt younan who was very organized and responsive.
He kept us in loop on everything.
Our loan closed on time and we are very happy with their service so far.
Puneet and vinay behl
Extremely difficult to reach customer service.
Generally treats customers like cattle.
You know how weigles has no-fee atms?
Boa with even charge you fees there.
Because it was a large amout that month (like 2k) apparently they put a hold on the payment.
Staff is always super friendly, super helpful, and super quick.
I've never had to wait long in line for a deposit or for a personal banker.
My only complaint is that the coffee is weak.
Came here mid afternoon for some simple banking.
They have replaced all the employees with atm machines.
How can one person be enough?
Just a quick note for non-members.
Spent $3 to withdraw cash and then asked them to exchange cash for quarters.
They do not allow transactions without a membership.
So they are golden about charging to get cash, but wouldn't help with the one thing i needed.
Just spoke to a rep complaining about card that they always say they sent but i never receive.
I need my account cancelled!!!
And he hanged up!!
Lou and greg have been helped me a lot for the past two months.
Especially lou,i cant tell you how nice she is,and how much i thankful her .
I usually have top notch service with azfcu.
Not today :( i went through the drive thru.
(she says they are "soooo prid mom" :)  the teller dude seemed annoyed i was wanting some.
(every other time/location it has never been an issue) & finally said he had a single one.
I did take it.
I don't know maybe he was man-pms'n or didn't get his morning red bull.
I hope it is a rare bad experience.
I have banked with them since i was a kid.
This bank is located on decatur between lake mead & vegas dr.
Went on wednesday 12-16-15 at 12:05 pm to get a money order.
Out of the 8 windows, only three were open.
I can see her on the phone flipping through a large binder with papers in it.
Is she getting instructions on how to create a money order?
Are they having technical difficulties?
Guess i'll never know.
Me:  no thank you.
Don't believe in them.
Lady: but it only has x amount of interest!
Me: no thanks, lady...they're against my religion.
Lady: okay but if you change your mind you can bla bla bla (i stopped listening).
And it's like that every single time i go to the bank.
If it's not the credit card thing, it's them hitting me up for renter's insurance.
I'm glad i don't work there.
Additionally they call me about once a week to ask if i want financial planning.
I'm getting pretty tired of this bank.
They will not delete any information that you cant delete yourself.
After one year they barely deleted and few old addresses on my report.
Customer service is a joke and will never call you back.
They have your money why call you back.
Please dont waste your time or money or these scam artists.
Everytime i go to this location and need assistance inside i have to wait an unacceptable period of time.
I am in the tellers line now with 8 other people with just two tellers.
However we have a person standing in front of us directing when the next teller(2) is available.....really!!
Did i mention that they are 3 other people inside the tellers cage just milling around.
It has been now 10 minutes and i am still waiting.
I finally get to a teller to get $450 in cash.
Are you kidding me!!!
Why open up a teller who has no cash in the till?
So he stands there for another 5 minutes waiting for her to finish up with the drive up customers.
He finally returns with my cash after a few more minutes.
A total of 15+ minutes to get my withdrawal.
I am so done with this bank!!
These people used to be much better when it was motorola credit union.
Its been downhill in terms of customer service since then.
Tellers are capable of nothing more than menial jobs.
Never refinance an automobile from here.
Their customer service seems to be non-existent.
I have excellent credit, and was approved for financing an automobile.
When i got here at 4pm the lady seemed like she wanted to just get the hell out at 5pm.
She started with - you don't have an appt, you are not approved, you are pre-approved.
10 mins later i was magically approved.
I will refinance with someone else later.
So i said - get me an appt for tomorrow - she says - we don't give appts.
So much for being a 15 year member.
Got to to the merchant room- they couldn't unlock the door for us.
It was 106 degrees outside.
Thanks for the great customer service.
Won't be going here again.
I went to bank of america, i have a savings account.
They were more then helpful.
Check every month with them at a different branch stay away from this branch and this manager
Went in yesterday to set up an account and irene was fantastic.
You can tell she enjoys her job and that she really cares about her customers.
I really appreciated her awareness that i was slacking in
This is not my bank but i had to stop in to do some business.
First, i must say the building is stunning.
It seems to be made out of an old house or something, with tall ceilings and beautiful wood pillars.
Second, the girl who helped me was very kind and upbeat.
She was fast and efficient, getting me on my way in no time.
This is by far one of the worst chase branches i've ever been to.
It's always understaffed and any banking needs require an appointment.
They require an appointment time to get to my safe deposit box.
I'm writing this as i wait in the lobby to close my box.
No one had acknowledged my presence at all.
The teller window is often closed and hey insist you use the atm inside.
If i wanted to use the atm i wouldn't have walked in to begin with.
Please change your hours on maps to reflect your saturday hours.
Super annoying to get there at 9am and you don't open until 10am.
Writing this as i'm sitting in parking lot for an hour.
On a side note everyone is extremely nice and quick at this particular location.
The manager stacy at truwest gave me excellent service and she is an excellent employee.
She helped me with all questions i had.
After 28 years as a customer of bank of america/baybank, fleet etc, it is time for me to move on.
Bank of america only cares about its bottom line.
It's time consuming to close a business account, bunch of tenant escrow accounts, a saving account, ira.
I had my merchant account for my business account and they increased the fees by 20% each year.
On hold for over 55 minutes so far to get assistance with bofa online banking product.
It's obvious bofa doesn't respect its customers time.
Better of banking elsewhere with a bank that respects the customers time.
I have bank with many banks in california and nevada, sad to say this teachers credit union it's not great!
I do not recommend this bank
I have been boa customer for years.
I really do not like their overall services.
My account open in ca and their staff in clt have no access to ca account.
That's why people say the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing.
I stay with them because i have set up too many activities that it takes time to reorganize.
Besides, certain bank manager or tellers of the local boa are so friendly and helpful.
Butttttttttt their service over the phone is sucks.
Apart from waiting for hour to get through or being hanged up, those employees sound like a robot.
"sorry, we cannot do this, sorry, we cannot do that."
Why boa hire so many incapable people wasting money.
Many of them do not carry their brains to work but reading out of a scrip.
Customers have to learn a costly lesson to find out their incapability.
Boa need those few dollars to pay their bills.
Finally, they will tell you to open account with some other bank.
They have too many customers that they really do not care about losing some.
I have been a customer for a while.
Left with a few accounts for a brief time and realized the mistake i made.
Great service along with great interest rates and account options.
Actually i would have given a rating of 4.999 stars,only because of the limited branches, but rounded up.
Thanks for all you do!
Do not even attempt to request a price quote without companies running your credit.
Although it says in big green letters "this will not affect your credit score".
I went through lendingtree to refi my auto loan to see my options without pulling a hard inquiry.
I did by no means tell them to move forward with my loan and pull a hard inquiry.
Stay clear of this pathetic buisness!
Thanks guys for all your help with my refinance.
I was told by a friend to call these guys because they have good rates.
I was very happy with the rate and how quick it took to finish.
I would definitely recommend this company for anyone looking for a mortgage.
Only problem is be prepared to scan a lot of documents.
If i could give a 0 star rating i would.
We tried to take out a small, used auto loan with tru west.....what a poor excuse for a credit union.
It was easily the worst loan experience ever.
We've taken out 3 different mortgages and 5 different car loans with other financial institutions throughout are marriage.
This whole experience was an absolute joke for a simple loan under $10,000.
On their website (which is a joke), they advertise how easy their loan process is.
At that point, our patience was gone.
Wow, how hard is that tru west!!!
Don't waste your time with them, take your business to a credit union that knows what they are doing.
I only have a checking and savings account with them.
No credit card, no mortgage, or anything else.
Having said that, i'm pretty satisfied with them.
My direct deposit and account withdrawals have been posted in a good amount of time.
If i could find a local bank which has that feature, i would switch over.
The email notifications are helpful.
If you use the bill pay service, utilize the reminders.
Each time this has happened, boa has refunded any nsf fees received due to that occurrence.
And only if you get a checking/savings account and nothing else.
Bofa recently froze my cc account i have had with them for 19 years, with no notice to me whatsoever.
I called and spoke to a battalion of "customer service" people, with it all ending up even worse.
They say they need information from my estranged father in order to reopen my card account.
I was told that i put his name on my account.
I opened this account in person and i was alone and the only name on the card is mine.
They say his name has been on it since the account was opened!
So, bofa, why are no statements mailed to him?
Why does the card not have his name on it?
Why is the online account showing only my name on it???
They would have the originals with mine and my father's signatures on them, right?
Still, they refused to send me any sort of proof of their claims that his name is on my account.
They absolutely refused to send me copies of anything they were telling me about my own account.
They are clearly mining data.
Someone at bofa got my father's name and applied it to my card account, fraudulently.
Now they want his social security number, etc.
To unfreeze the card.
When i said that to them, i was told, and i am directly quoting, "that's just how it is.
You're welcome to close the account if you don't like that."
Ok, how about i do that, then report bofa to the ftc for their fraudulent activities with my card account?
Bofa is holding my card hostage for info they do not need, so they can mine data on customers' families.
This is 100% illegal, at a federal level, and i have all the proof i need.
Reports/claims will be filed immediately against bank of america for credit card fraud.
Let's see if they refuse to send info to the ftc!
Beware of opening a card with bofa.
They are committing fraud, plain and simple, and keeping my $300+ is theft.
Rookie mistake on my part when i engaged the services of this company.
I've seen lendingtree ads forever, and have even known a couple people who have obtained financing through them.
But instead of getting rates, i got a message that i would be contacted by lenders with "great rates".
So, the next day the calls came.
By then i had decided not work through lendingtree, but ignoring the calls didn't work.
I first answered a call from a company called loandepot.
I told them of this, and the loan officer thanked me for being upfront about it.
So far, no further calls.
Again, i was thanked for my time and haven't heard anything more.
I'm hoping that that's the end of that.
Fact is that it doesn't go on your credit report but they will try & sue you!
Desert schools is run like a pirate den.
They will attempt to take money from your account for any possible reasons.
They have very high monthly service charges if you do not maintain qualifications.
They will also take money without notifying you.
Beware this place, it will be a bad experience for you.
Then the phone calls started from companies vying for my business.
None of the offers were at a rate close to the advertised rate, and i have excellent credit.
Dozens and dozens of calls.
I blocked many of them, but it was like whack-a-mole.
10-11 months later, i'm not sure it has stopped, as i'm still getting hangups.
The customer service and staff at this bank are excellent!
And with redeeming old us savings bonds.
She is now closing her b of a accounts and transferring them to chase.
I am doing the same  - they truly still focus on customer service.
Slowest tellers and they are all pretty rude and pretend they don't know anything.
Also, do not do anything at the branch.
Call and speak to someone at corporate or your account will be thoroughly mucked up!
Might as well just have a big ass dumpster on this place because that's all it does.
Tried to use the drive thru atm but it froze right after entering my pin.
Tired of this shit
I never gave lending tree permission to email me, much less sell my confidential information to everyone.
No long wait whenever i go in.
When my loan was paid off, they reported it to the credit agency just fine...
They said i was deceased.
I have now been on the phone with them for the last 2 hours trying to get this figured out.
They are just passing me around like i am no one.
I absolutely am done with this bank.
Update - the reporting agency finally updated my report and brought me to life!!
Azfcu did report me deceased on 7-20-14!
That being said i had to fight a bit hard to convince the agency to remove it but they did.
They wouldn't allow azfcu on the phone with me to comment, but at least they were able to listen!
Several times i've had missed automatic payments with the online automatic bill pay for this bank!
Then i have to jump thru hoops to have late fees reversed!
This is my go to bank because of the excellent service they provide.
Kay is a great teller.
All the guys are great.
The manager hans goes above and beyond.
He is always there to help.
I am glad that i found you.
Conveniently located near good food and a starbucks.
This in my world is a "trifecta of awesomeness."
Great staff here...very efficient and helpful, not to mention their people care about you and your banking needs.
I recommend anyone i know looking for a good bank to look into opening their account with compass.
I've been a loyal customer for the past 8-8 1/2 years and have been completely happy and satisfied.
I would think of banking anywhere else!
They are doing it wrong.
Fortress credit will charge you exactly $0 dollars until they get done what they said they will do.
Then they bill you for exactly the pre-agreed amount.
It's the only legal, ethical and compliant way to repair negative hits to your credit file.
Ha i just got a message from rondi himself saying that as with my creditors, i failed to pay them!!!!
He said they removed 12 negatives which is a huge lie...
No, i should not have to pay to fix a name that never appeared anywhere on my credit.
When i find the letter i will post it up.
People, please educate yourselves, i didn't ruin my credit overnight so i definitely didn't expect a quick fix.
However, i don't expect to get taken advantage of either.
$100 per deletion is extremely high.
They also have letters to send to the credit bureaus to dispute inaccurate information on your credit reports.
Do yourself and your bank account a favor and do it yourself.
It really doesn't take much time!!
Good luck to you....
When bank of america hires people that have no clue what they're doing!!!
Not one but two ass tards couldn't tell me correct information about closing my account!!!
I'll never go back to b of a again !!!
This is poorly managed.
They process new accounts and tie up tellers for an hour while the line gets longer.
You almost need to take half a day off work to do any business at cccu.
I dread going here.
Am going to transfer my business so i won't hve to.
Very poor  cost me money because tina the manager would not return a simple phone call.
Well, been waiting for 20 minutes to get into our safe deposit box.
4 employees here, 2 tellers and 2 bankers.
Bankers have people at their desks, tellers are both not serving anyone.
Apparently tellers can't get customers into the safe deposit boxes, only bankers.
Seems like a little cross training would be a useful improvement.
That said, once we were helped, cody was great.
I opened an account with the credit union.
I gave it to her and told her to take $20 out for her birthday.
The card didn't work, causing me some embarrassment.
I found our later, the account requires $50 to be held at all times.
Now either the teller that signed me up lied, or was ignorant.
I also applied for a credit card, and was not offer good options.
So why open an account which requires a larger deposit than many banks, and offers less credit?
Not worth it for me.
They would rather see a customer go somewhere else.
Would not process a check from a large financial institution, without a week long hold.
Should have never wasted our time with this bank.
Had an issue every time we dealt with them!
Go to clark county credit union!
I am writing this brief review because this is the corporate headquarters for bank of america.
This morning i recieved a urgent text from bank of america with a 267 prefix.
That places the text originating out of philadelphia, pa.
Thinking that this was dire and thinking the worst i replied immediately.
It was an urgent message to let me know that my debit card was inactivated, as per my request.
A request that i might add was made in december 2014.
Thank you bank of america
We opened multiple accounts and car loan.
Thank you so much for all you do for all of us.
That wasn't working for me.
Coming to bank of america, the nation's 2nd largest bank by assets, finding branches is never a problem.
The app is a lot more cluttered than simple's but it's functional for basic operations -- i.e.
Viewing balances/transactions, transferring money, etc.
Navigating the boa website, it's like they took every precaution for you to ever come into contact with a human.
Most of the time you're told to got to a branch.
I prefer chat -- i can work and take care of issues at the same time.
And some of them are simple things that you should be able to do -- i.e.
Boa phone operators need more training.
I called to consolidate some accounts.
After checking, she assured me everything was ready to go.
Of you and me.
I get enough emails as it is.
And trying to email those same bankers for support -- you never hear back from them.
Bet if you said you wanted to open an investment account, you would get a reply in seconds.
I hate this bank.
The tellers are nice enough, i'm just really, really turned off by the hard sell.
We changed all accounts to another local credit union, do not bank here.
I have been with sfcu for about 20 yrs now.
I do all my banking with them & find them to be very friendly and helpful.
Yay for finding alaska fcu in az.
This location is the closest to our house.
About 25min away from chandler and located inside frys supermarket.
Second time at this location and the girls are super sweet and chatty.
Needed to start accounts for my two girls and deposit a check and spent about 30min in there.
Great hours, i believe they open from 9-6 mon-sat and start at 11 on sun.
They are open everyday with most holidays being an exception.
Employees said the company took care of their employees and it shows in their attitudes.
Felt like they actually loved their jobs and genuinely cared about their customers.
Friendly people, good service.
It's like they actually don't mind being at work.
Unlike their 16th and camelback location.
After locating this bank of america corporate hq page, i am not all surprised for this low rating.
If there were zero stars, i would choose it.
I have my car loan through bank of america.
Beginning-mid december, i set up my account to make a recurring payment online.
Last week, my mom received a call saying i hadn't paid the december 23rd or january 23rd payments.
This call happened on january 25th.
I was very frustrated as i thought i had set up an automatic deduction to take care of that.
With the holidays, i hadn't noticed the difference in a couple hundred bucks not taken out of my account.
This was the evening around 6pm pst(9pm est).
I made the payment later when i got home.
She called me and i was furious knowing i had paid that.
I logged in and paid again and also saw on my account that on 1/26/15 my payment was accepted!!!!!!!!
So why did they call again before giving time to post????!!!!!!!!!!
He said that is true, different from what i was told two days ago, but that process takes 30-45 days!!!!!
So if i did set it up, it may not have processed yet!!!!
Let me tell you it is.
I have been a member of other banks and organizations and have never had these issues.
I will do everything in my power to dissuade and detract anyone from ever being affiliated with this organization.
In addition, i will never be a customer once my loan is done and will switch for life.
So,  i had inquired about homes for sale in dallas area.
They continued to phone my job.
This morning when they called i picked up the phone, as i was having in a meeting in my office.
So i grabbed it and just said i am not in the market to buy a house and hung up.
So this was what the idiot sent me!
That was not a nice way to respond barry blount barry.blount supremelending.com  this guy has some nerve???
Do not give them your information.
They will sell it to many companies as possible .
Hurt your credit then good luck to remove it after .
While the write it will not hurt your crest!
People beware do not put your info on any website or even last for digit of you ssn !
In fact, it made my refinance experience worse.
Nevada state bank is now gouging it's customers with a "minimum balance fee" of $7.50 per month.
The "little guy" is being robbed, monthly, for keeping his small savings in this bank.
Boycott nevada state bank, bank of america and, any bank that charges these ridiculous fees!
I have dealt with this office for 3 years and its been great .
The office staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.
I insure everything with brenda wix and have a fair deal, considering i had a large homeowners claim.
Love this bank.. can always rely on great service,  great people and attitudes..
They explain everything help with all your needs.. all my kids have an account with trust worthy bank
Absolutely the worst customer service i've ever had.
Spoke with 3 different customer service representatives to get the same run a round .
When this finally clears i will close my accounts with this bank and head straight to chase.
I look forward to spending 3 minutes closing my accounts
This review is for the bank of america corporation.
Being that it was a secondary account, i did not look at it often.
Even after calling bofa and telling them my issue, they would not budge.
It is obviously the company's intention to screw it's customers like this.
If i could give them 0 stars i would.
They are the worst.
I was considering taking advantage of a some expiring federal mortgage program and wanted to consider a few refinance offers.
When they said i would receive 5 offers, i thought i would receive only 5 offers.
I was absolutely hounded for a week.
I cancelled the account within 24 hours and still i received phone calls starting at 8 am to 8 pm.
Calling them to get off the list was a hassle as well.
Lending tree acted like i did something wrong.
They said that they had no control over what the companies that had my contact info did with it.
But the calls still kept coming.
It took about a month.
That was in august of 2017 and i still received a call in october!
Pick five companies, get me an offer and then leave me alone.
They basically broker in your contact info and they could give a rat's testicle if you get what you need.
This is the best place to do your banking!
We've been a member for quite awhile, always professional, knowledgeable, friendly & efficient.
In fact when my husband retires & we move from nevada we are keeping our account there!
Paid my balance in full each month and they still charged me interest!
Dont get a card with them!
Also thick accent indians are your customer service reps yet their located in las vegas!
If i could five 0 stars i would!
Go to capital one or elsewhere!
Rip off rip off rip off!
There are many people working but only two tellers.
The service is extremely slow.
Wasting my time here.
Thank god i'm only doing a deposit for someone's account.
They also refused to take my foreign currency.
I would never sign up with this bank.
I'll still with wells fargo!
Yes, it's a sub-prime card.
However, what it has done is allowed us to get standard cards with other companies.
That said, it's a solid one to keep if you can handle the annual fees.
If not, it's a good one to re-establish yourself until you can get to a better level card.
Only 2 windows tellers open on a busy saturday morning with 5 employees.
Waited in line for over 20 minutes  on top of that atm machine broken.
I tried using this location for a car loan and had a very bad experience.
I end up driving out the same day they approved my loan for 3.9% within a couple of min.
I have good credit and money in the bank.
I believe credit one violated regulation z since my emails(the sole communication) stated only the minimum monthly payment was due.
Signed up prior to a divorce being finalized.
Went on-line to sign up for automatic payments.
The interface accepting my bank info was not for automatic payments.
This bank doesn't even have that feature.
That's how all my credit card payments are made.
It was upon pulling my credit report that i saw i was late.
Credit one did not care even though they credited the late fees and believed what i told them.
They didn't attempt to correct the issues this caused my credit.
Don't use this bank.
They are behind the times and not responsible to the public they want business from.
Nothing wrong with my experience at silver state.
I've been banking with them since 2006 and i don't have anything to complain about.
The tellers are nice and the service is exceptionally quick.
Personable and friendly is exactly how i like my bank.
Ssscu is just that!
Thank you very much chase you have a loyal customer for life.
I love this bank.
This one though is great.
I always get welcomed and they have helped me and answered every question no problem.
Still a 1-star bank.
Due to availability, i went to use their atm.
I went inside and was told there was nothing they could do.
The manager told me "you have to file a dispute with your bank, we don't service our own atms."
What a nightmare, thank goodness i don't live paycheck-to-paycheck!
Why is bmo so cruel and uncaring?
Are all banks as vicious?
The inside is clean and the tellers very friendly.
I like all options for shopping and eating around it too.
The parking isn't as tight at this location as it can be at others.
They have drive up banking and a atm.
There is only one reason why this is not five stars, lack of locations.
The wt harris location closed but their atm is still fully functional and that is all i need.
I've been with coastal for 2 years now and have never had a problem.
I went into the branch for a car loan and left with savings and checking account.
At the time the checking accounts gave 5.25% apy on your checking account balance, far better than any savings account.
Over the past two years that rate has dropped to 2.25%, which is still higher than most every savings account.
Not only do you get an apy, but recently they changed their overdraft fees.
Their customer service is great.
Again locations is the problem, there are no coastal federal cu's in charlotte or anywhere near.
You can do whatever you need to do at credit unions in their network such as truliant, premier, piedmont.
Too bad ya don't have more around coastal!
Long time customer - worked in banking industry.
Zero customer service, even less customer loyalty.
Who are thy helping?
Not the customers actually in the bank!
They only hire part-time and it shows in their service and reviews.
They are nothing but a cheap sales pitch - all talk and take with no customer service.
Sad... bank of america.
Strangely, they have a k-9 unit parked there many afternoons.
I agree with everyone else that posted here.
This is by far the worst bank.
If a deposit is made after 3pm, it doesn't post until the next business day.
I have 3 payments pending (that i submitted friday evening) that were supposed to deposit today.
It is 6:46 pm monday and they are still pending.
Called customer service and they said it'll be here before midnight.
I work for uber right now and i cash out every night.
Do not bank here.
The worst bank for getting a loan you could ever imagine.
The employees are very lazy.
They never answer the phone or emails.
Most are allowed to work from home, which means they don't work.
The work number and cell number on their business cards are never answered.
Even worse, the website was designed by a 3rd-grader.
There is nowhere to search for a manager or department or anything.
And no manager or supervisor to talk to.
The company is headquartered in alabama, so there is no supervision.
Everyone just get their paycheck and nobody cares about customer service.
Greg in the mortgage dept is the leader and the hardest to get a hold of.
Stay away from this dump.
Donna is great... very proffesional love this branch... is close to my house and very clean inside.
Thanks donna you're awsome
Update: after being with them for over a year, i am fleeing them as quickly as i can.
They have outrageous fees and terrible membership support.
Worst credit union in the area.
______  i'd been with another credit union where i previously lived and it was awesome.
I thought credit unions were supposed to be better than big corporate banks, unfortunately that is not the case.
This place is fine as long as your expectations are low.
Yelp needs a zero-star option.
Nfcu is now onenevada credit union.
Apparently, onenevada or nfcu, at some point, instituted a policy that account closures will incur a $20 fee.
This is great news, if you are the credit union.
Service is extremely slow even during non rush hours.
There are very few staff to attend to banking needs.
Do not bank with this branch.
Only two bankers available.
There are 5 cubicles that are unoccupied.
Very frustrating having to wait for a long time.
In most cases, it was not even close.
The repayment options were also very favorable.
The manager was very helpful and did a great job explaining everything to me.
Thank you, phil upchurch  just an update to my review of 3 years ago.
I highly recommend money usa.
The rates are the best in town!
This u.s. bank is great.
I love the set up of this location.
The staff is always helpful & very friendly.
They treat you like you have a million bucks with them.
They have the best rates on loans & the best checking accounts.
They have free accounts for all military & students.
I recommend this bank.
I recently moved from ca to las vegas, nv.
I came across sed poche state farm and i am very happy i did.
I will definitely be recommending sed poche to my colleagues and friends!
If you are thinking of using this bank to finance your home.
Here is a scenario you may want to consider.
Wells fargo has no understanding of how the real estate business works.
The loan documents are to be to the title company 3 days prior to the close of escrow.
This is per the aar purchase contract.
The documents were not there by the date of the closing.
Which is 3 days late.
Wells sent a document for verification that was filled out incorrectly.
It's understandable for something like that to happen once.
However in this situation it happened 4 times.
Since this is there business it seems they should have staff who know how to fill out a document correctly.
I can't urge people strongly enough to stay away from this company.
Haven't been able to get a hold of anyone to help me access my online account.
I've got 3 different numbers listed on their contact page on the website.
Interesting, since i do in fact have an account and a card to prove it.
Sketchy way to do business.
Please, please, please in the name of all this good in the world, update the hours.
I came here to do some banking this afternoon because your hours say that you're open on yelp.
Imagine my chagrin when you were not.
Ive actually had this card for a few yrs and never really had a problem til now!
Someone somehow was shopping away in miami and transferring $$ with my money putting me over $900 my limit!
I should just contact a lawyer, so sick of people, makes me sick
I switched from associated bank to uwcu when i was 16 and will never look back.
I honestly can't imagine going to any other bank, even when i leave wisconsin!
Let's be honestly, with mobile check deposit now, i probably won't ever leave this establishment.
All in all, i love you guys!
Jason velasquez wasn't very friendly to deal with.
I will just stop going to this location.
Very bad experience when i went for opening checking and savings account today.
I have four chase credit cards and still they wanted lot of documentation.
Made me wait for an hour and then asked me for a documentation which i don't have.
Decided not to open account finally, happy with bank of america.
I haven't been able to access my account for many months.
I am ex wells fargo customer.
Years ago, they started charging me for a billpay service that had previously been free.
Needless to say, i took my money elsewhere and haven't looked back.
Up until today, they have been cool about it and haven't harassed me too much about becoming a customer.
They've followed suit with chase and now make you go through this ridiculous "check verification" process.
I wait and i wait and i wait.
About 15 minutes go by and i start attempting to telekinetically staple the tellers to their desks.
As the guy is verifying the check, he asks me if this is a business check.
I say "it's just a personal check."
He says "no, what i mean is did someone pay you for a service?"
What i want to say:   "yes, i am a very expensive prostitute."
What i do say:   "it's just a personal check."
He then asks me if i'm happy with my bank.
I say that i am and he proceeds to ask me why i didn't take my check there.
I reply, "because i felt like bringing it here."
We do have a local bank that we don't love.
I left before actually stapling a teller to a desk.
This is probably the best possible outcome.
My day was really bad until i met marco wibowo.
I didn't know what risk to expect from having a credit union and what benefits there was to having one.
After sitting for only 5min with marco my attitude totally changed due to the knowledge and guidance of marco.
I'm excited he's now my personal banker and financial guider.
I highly recommend him for anyone that wants growth and security in their finacil future he's amazing!
I went in today to deposit some cash into the atm.
What am i paying a monthly fee for then?
To store my money?
I can do that under my mattress for free.
You know, since you're a bank, a place for money.
I will be closing my accounts and moving on.
I would give zero stars.
I have banked with sscu for 11 years.
Since they changed their computer system there has been nothing been trouble.
Yesterday, i made a mobile deposit.
Not only, did they not make all of the money available.
They did not make the $200 available as their policy states.
They charged me an overdraft charge and claimed that i made the deposit today instead of last night.
I spoke with daniel who insinuated that i was lying about putting the money in yesterday.
He refused to resolve the situation.
He said, "clearly, you do not understand how our bank works."
He was more concerned about being right than correcting the bank error.
Account will be closed at the end of the month.
Worst banking situation i could ever imagine.
Beyond the incompetence of daniel the representative, i've had to have my card replaced over 5 times due to fraud.
They do not protect your money.
Stay away from this catastrophe of a bank.
You would think bofa would be able to provide better customer service.
I guess when you have so many customers it's not that big of a concern to them!
I have been a member of azfcu since 2004.
I have had auto loans, personal loans and a credit card through them.
Currently have a personal loan and a credit card with them.
Forgot to make a payment in the month of october, so they went and canceled my credit card.
No calls or letters about me being late(they have my correct address but a old number).
They want me to go into the local branch and speak to them about getting my credit card reopened.
I will not be going down to the local branch to get my credit card reopened.
I am going to pay off all outstanding debt and then cancel my account.
Please stay away from this bank!
They are not all about "us".
Do not bank here.
They are the worse in the industry.
Please if you qualify for a credit union.
Support your credit union.
Do not use bank of america!
Put your hard earned money elsewhere.
Except to be here for an hour or more just to get a check cashed.
Very unprofessional and i would not recommend coming here, save yourself the time.
Worst credit card on this planet!!!!!!!!
Fees up the ass and terrible customer service.
I just closed my account keep yall posted if it closes!
If i ever need my bank account, i frequent this branch!!
Overall, i see happy faces and helpful associates at all times.
For a bank this busy that's very much appreciated and acknowledged each and every time!
:)  i'm so happy to bank with them and have them cover my banking needs since i was 17!!
This review revolves around the cu coop shared branching.
So they say that i will have to change it.
So, i call back in touch, and speak with who i was told was the "branch manager".
She says that's fine because everything else is a complete match.
I used to think that credit unions were better than traditional and larger financial institutions.
Not the case with intouch.
They do not care about their customers, or stand by what their management says.
I have had no issues in the past, so it is a little frustrating.
I imagine that if you are their regular customer, you probably will have no problem.
Rick, ryan, and david have always been super helpful and friendly.
They have routinely gone above and beyond for me.
I am a customer for life.
If i could give this bank, riverview branch, heloc department, and its associates a zero i would certainly do so.
Even though it was a 27k heloc, first the heloc department said my account did not exist.
This must be due to its antiquated computer system.
The riverview branch for loans was horrible.
They, too, had to spend long phone waits, connections to different departments, and still no resolution.
The val vista manager was kind enough to cash the heloc check and work thing out at his end.
The riverview office barely answered the emails and dropped the ball on several occasions.
Perhaps the employees can be more knowledgeable of the products.
I am very disappointed since a good friend of mine referred me.
He is a mortgage broker and i told him what i experienced.
He sent a lot of people and has stopped any and all referrals.
Be cautious with this bank.
(massive movie nerd over here).
So i've only been to this branch once, but.... wow!
What i saw blew my mind.
That is not what i got here.
(and even then, i was asked if i wanted coffee or water or anything while i waited.)
From start to finish, this was banking the way i always wished it could be.
Bankers don't care about being speedy or courteous, but this branch is a little better.
A little tough to get in, but once you get into the parking lot, tons of spaces.
Run do not walk away from this financial institution.
Had fraudulent  activity, called the bank cancel the card opened an investigation.
And they were not reversing close to $800 fraudulent charges since i gave my debit card out.
As many years ago i had a similar experience with chase and i was very pleased how they handled it.
Lesson learned - lie  to this bank never tell the truth.
Lastly their online chat feature is never available ever
I needed to come up and open another account.
Our banker aaron was very courteous and knowledgeable re: the questions we had.
He got us in and out in expedient time.
The atmosphere very modern and inviting.
The complimentary coffee station is nice.
The staff was very friendly.
Worst, worst bank ever.
The tellers were sitting for over 15 min.
With a customer gabbing about girl stuff while i stood 5' away waiting for a teller.
Last time i ever visit a b of a.
My review is about the computer log-on.
Called the help line and they were nice but useless.
Not only was the service great but claudia was kind enough to even offer me a cold bottle of water.
This is honestly the worst card i have ever owned.
I pay more than the minimum payment and my balance never seems to go down.
I called their customer service and can never get a straight answer.
Their customer service department is by far the rudest customer service i have ever dealt with.
I could not reset my password because i dont have my cc.
I called customer service and this stupid indian lady kept telling me she would mail me a pin.
I could not for the life of me make her understand i wanted my password reset.
I said i dont want to talk to you anymore.
She kept me on hold for 7 minutes and her attitude was alot nicer when she came back on.
This card is not worth it!!!
The frustration of dealing with customer service is horrible.
In fact i had a very positive experience with all td branches so far.
I don't have an account there, but i have done minor business there in the past.
Us cash, legal tender.
I'm standing there thinking wtf?!!?
I will head back there tomorrow and talk to the bank manager.
If they refuse it again, i'll complain to the attorney generals office and see what they have to say.
Beware late at night, this is a common hangout for vagrants and drunks "sleeping it off".
I've never been robbed or molested, but i always have my cell phone out emergency number pre-dialed just in case.
The beauty of this bank machine is it's proximity to so many "cash only" joints.
I also sometimes enjoy the free parking; found behind; during the evening.
Avoid at all cost.
Had to put back 200 dollars worth of stuff after 3 hours of shopping.
Diamond is a great manager and does his true best to help out people as much as he can.
A previous time, vanessa, another employee helped us set up our savings accounts and credit cards.
All the staff are so friendly and accommodating.
Favorite bank of america   thanks for going out the way, we really really appreciate it!!!!
- izzy and jose
Every single time i come to any bank of america they have 1 teller working.
A line to outside.
Want to be bankers in cheap suits asking if they can help you but they can't do anything.
B of a is an absolute joke.
This place sucks on all levels.
There is always a line.
Plan on wasting no less then 15 minutes of you life if you walk in here.
Ridiculous policy in general.
To get in and out of this place is a nightmare, the parking lots bad.
Not very many open spots and they are narrow if you drive a truck prepare to be dinged.
I had a safety deposit box here at one time, huge hassle, like $48 a year.
Removed it after the first year.
Needed change and the atm does not provide that service.
Updated since they did finally give our money back.
I'm not sure if this is the walmart branch, but it doesn't matter.
I came here with a cashier's check from my other bank.
So for 10 business days i had no money.
Even though it has cleared, i can't even touch my own money.
Because i was new.
Who fucking cares if i am new.
If i have money that the check has cleared, then i should be able to use my money.
Also, when you call each person tells you different information.
I don't think the left hand knows what the right hand is doing in this place.
They are difficult to work with  i called to have my password reset for their online banking.
After verifying my name, date of birth, social security and address, they required several other items.
It should not be that difficult to get access to my account online.
I understand the need for security and think name, dob, ssn and address are reasonable requests.
But there's a line between cautious and difficult to work with and they've crossed it.
Referred here by acquaintances who highly recommended the mortgage services.
We own a home, with $120k in equity.
We wanted to either streamline or refinance and get our mortgage payment down, especially the pmi.
I was contacted back promptly by a female employee and was impressed by that.
However, the conversation took a turn for the worst.
Her estimate was to lower our payment by approximately $50.
I was in shock.
It made no sense.
What's funny is, we just finished our streamline elsewhere, and our payment dropped $350.
I will never recommend this place.
I was made to feel like a piece of trash.
I have never waited in a long line, actually don't remember having to wait at all.
The tellers are always friendly and professional.
The service people (not sure of their title) are outstanding as well.
Always polite and knowledgeable and thorough!
I am not very pleased with this credit union.
For one they have a small atm withdrawal daily limit.
Secondly they open at 10am monday-friday (9am??).
I will be closing my account this month and taking my money/business elsewhere.
I can't even remember the last time i visited my money at this branch.
I only opened this account because i got free banking since i had a mortgage with us bank.
The service here is great because the tellers know what they are doing.
It saddens me that i'll have to close my accounts soon since i'll be refinancing my loan.
You guys have been great, but nothing lasts forever.
It's a convenient  location to my home and the machine has always been functioning when i've used it.
I've not been into the branch.
I have been with state farm for almost 20 years.
He makes himself available at all hours to help.
He checks in with his clients to review their current policies.
The office staff is extremely friendly and helpful.
I wonder what happens if i don't fill out a star because that is what they deserve!
Apparently, you have to put a star...ugh!
I called bank of america customer service...doesn't show any changes.
So i go there today and met with the same rep.
Are you kidding me?
I can't believe the hours this bank has wasted my time and for the poor customer service this bank has.
Why wouldn't she just go to the bank of america website which should be a reliable source instead of wiki???
I left after this...what bs!
Sorry to be so angry...but this happened just a few hours ago.
Upon entry to any oncu, you sign into a book and wait to be called.
Their associates sit at desks and call you when it is your turn to be serviced.
This location provides stellar customer service.
It makes me feel like they are conscience of their customers and will do their best to be efficient.
I actually prefer it because it forces me to be more conscience of my money.
It also makes me feel safer, knowing that no random person can walk in and just rob them.
All the money is in the atm.
I had a good experience today.
Made it easy got me out of my funk and helped me out and fixed my issue.
This never happens normally at banks.
Chase has been amazing since i signed up with morgan at the sun city location.
I normally go see her today i just happened to be closer to this location
If you need a great bank they're here to assist.
Who would ever think that breaking up with a bank, especially bank of america (whom everyone knows i hate!!!!
), would be so bittersweet?
Trying to close my accounts was like pulling teeth.
That letter was completely ignored.
I received a letter with a form that needed to be notarized and sent back east to close the account.
Or i could go to any bank of america location for assistance.
Instead i was greeted by the sweetest customer service associate, called brianna.
She was very helpful and efficient and did attempt to retain me as a customer.
So it was with that thought that i followed through.
I do have to say that  i have been impressed with other associates at this particular branch in the past.
I recall a teller who had to deal with a rotten bitch of customer who was utterly rude and condescending.
Without raising her voice or losing her cool, the teller gave that attitude right back to her.
This was one of those case and that teller handled it perfectly in my opinion.
So this branch really stands out as best as it possibly can for bank of america.
Her warmth and personality and caring nature make her better suited to a local bank.
David is a great guy and very helpful.
They don't have a drive thru at this location.
You can use the drive thru atms, i chose to go in.
It is rarely ever crowded inside!
German is the best.
Always with a smile, remembers my name,  i will miss going to this location as i have moved.
Ok. first i have had a fantastic experience with chase bank overall.
I actually like chase.
I hate posting this but maybe just maybe someone will read this and figure out a solution.
The holidays are a busy time....very busy.....people are shopping cooking shopping shopping......whoever is managing this branch needs to ne replaced.
The manager is either too concerned with profit or simply does not understand staffing at all.
Now i came home from the same bank completely exasperated.
There were 2 tellers then 1 left.
I would have walked out as well however i needed to put cash in someone's account.
After my nightmare at this bank i had to come home take tylwnol and lay down.
The rest of my day shot.
Aomwone needs to address the management at this location now!
This credit card is a scam and shameful.
You will never speak with a representative that can actually help you.
Any problems or disputes must be put in writing and sent land-mail.
There is no way to communicate with these people otherwise.
I was an excellent customer who paid my card off.
I was then hit with ridiculous month by month charges on a zero balance.
They would not close my card out.
Believe me, this card is not worth the trouble it will cost you.
I will be checking in with the better better business bureau of nevada and the governors office.
Of course i just got voicemail and 2 days later no one called back.
I called my credit card company and they responded immediately and took care of it for me!
This is outrageous for a credit union.
That's supposed to be the selling point with a credit union - free checking.
This time i got the usual robocall from their security and called their automated line, no human of course.
I clicked "1" to indicate yes, i did authorize it.
And a few days ago avg informed me it was denied!!
There was more than enough money to pay it.
What part of "yes i authorized this transaction" is difficult to comprehend?
As for their e-statements?
They're a jumbled mess, with no beginning and ending balance, all thrown together.
My 14-year-old could do a better job.
With the punitive "low balance" fee, we are in process of getting out.
And the "convenient" locations?
I went to southside for the first and only time last summer to deposit into my husband;s account.
The teller expected me to say my husband;s social security number out loud.
I of course refused.
The staff is always so friendly and eager to do anything they can to help you accomplish your goal.
I highly recommend this bank and branch to anyone and everyone interested in opening an account with a trustworthy bank!
Omg what a difference it was.
That was the fastest i've ever been in this bank to pay my rent.
These customers i was auth today, are very familiar with banks and things we could do to make lives easier.
I'll be going here from now on to pay my rent.
Thank god i thought outside the box and out worked and i'm very happy!!!
There is always a long line at this branch.
2 tellers with 40 people in line.
Only come if you have 30+ minutes available.
I've had no problems with this card since i got it 4 months ago.
I had terrible credit and they were the only ones who would approve a $400 line of credit.
I pay my balances in full every month and they increased my credit line to $600 in 2 months.
Yay for me again!
They help you establish and/or help improve bad credit.
Will i keep them for good?
Once i get my credit score past the 750 mark i will decide on whether i will keep this card.
In the meantime, let the shopping continue!
These people must be employees, overseas employees or paid for feedback.
Their comments are all about the complaints and everybody that got the card was going through a divorce?
Also, only internationally do they spell it service "centre"....we here in the us spell it service "center."
So many red flags here.
Also, i see lots of people complaining about fraudulent charges on their account.
All i can say is "inside job?"
Shady practices, locking people out of their online account??
What kind of bank is this?
My condolences to those that got a card.
I did a double take as the logo is so close to capital one.
This is how they grab consumers attention.
This bank should be reported on a federal level and capital one should really go after this bank as well.
File a complaint with the fdic and occ about their practices so that they can be investigated!
I have been with rick west for years now and have had no problems.
I have homeowners and auto policies with them and have been pleased the entire time.
I won't get into that one here.
Amanda and sam were very kind, professional, and were sure to make my experience a personal one.
What did we learn from this?
1 - just in case you forgot, the expression ' you get what you pay for" is 100% accurate.
2 - also, don't have long, extended, personal conversations on a bus.
It is just rude to make all of the other passengers listen to your business.
I'm puzzled by the low rating for this bank.
I needed to pick a bank/credit union and was pleased with chase's options.
I've been really happy with the switch.
In fact, i kinda' love it.
They have a super easy to navigate app that sends me instant updates on all my purchases.
It's really easy to keep track of where my money is going.
They have tons of branches across the us and that's super convenient since i travel a lot.
I always receive great service and decided to use them for all my banking/financial needs.
I come to this branch pretty often to make deposits and get my banking business squared away.
It's right in my neighborhood  in an ultra convenient location in the local shopping center (hello.. babystacks) .
The tellers here are super friendly and efficient.
The drive thru has multiple lanes to choose from and they rarely have a line for their atms.
I'm always greeted with a smile and they're always helpful.
This adds up to 5 stars from me.
These guys are awesome.
Highly recommend the loan officer noah kovner.
Very friendly with tons of knowledge.
You won't want to get your loan from anywhere else once you've spoken with them.
Somehow my bank account info disappeared twice from my account.
Ok players, you know i tell it straight.
This aint no place for anyone.
It should be bank of the worst or bank of the old ladies.
They closed my account after two months because they didn't like my cash deposits.
What's up with that?
I don't think they like people from the other side of town if you feel me.
It is staffed by old ladies who are slow and get things wrong.
None of the branches are open on saturdays.
Pass on this dusty old spot quick.
We needed someone to actually inform us and not leave us in the legal jargon dark.
After comparing rates, closing costs, customer service, points, lenders... we realized how little we knew about mortgages.
Tried to order a philly cheesesteak and the server looked at me like i was stupid!
I don't know if i was being scammed or if he was just the worst server i've ever encountered.
Will not be returning.. on a more positive note, the bottled water is simply superb.
Overall the place was wretched.
We have good credit and had difficulty making payments so they closed our account.
The problem was not with our bank or funds, but on credit one's side.
Bank in vegas is shady.
Get other card from reputable bank not from las vegas.
I was completely unaware of this charge.
They took off the last 5$ only.
Eh.....you gotta get money from atm sometimes
Chase representatives contacted me to address the issues after i submitted a complaint.
I was honestly shocked how someone actually cared and how professional the representative was.
I also recently had a fantastic experience at another branch in new orleans.
I guess there are bad apples in every company.
While i am still not a fan of taking money of customer's sight, i think the remedial effort was applaudable.
This citibank branch is a joke.
I went into their branch with a citibank check issued by citibank in new castle, delaware.
They told me that they couldn't verify the funds so they can't cash it.
They said that any citibank branch should cash the checks.
I went back to this branch and they again refused to cash the check.
They even refused to speak to the person at their own corporate office that confirmed the validity of the check.
Why is this branch even open if they don't want to act like a bank.
This branch needs to their close doors since they refuse to do their job.
I got a credit one bank card for about 1.5 years to restore my credit.
I made all of y payments on time.
In november of 2014 i paid my card in full which i can furnish proof.
At the same time i also closed my account.
I received a bill in april of 2015  (5months later) stating i owed them money.
These charges for interested fees, monthly fees, annual fees and late fees.
This card will restore credit but it is very high in fees.
I called them to figure out what happened.
They said my card on file to pay my credit one bank card was declined.
They fix the issue in april 2015.
Today 09/03/15 i receive a bill (5months later) again, to say i owe money.
They claim i did not close the account and that the fees piled up.
I have 5 derogatory marks on my credit currently as i checked through capital one.
This time i recorded their calls and they even stated it was their mistake.
I am making a statement to be aware of this card.
I have paid every single card on time.
I called back 3 times and they continued to hang up on me.
I want everyone to know that this happened to me and i will also place the recorded call on youtube!
If my credit is not repaired from this i will sue.
I used the drive through atm to withdraw $100.
Machine did not work right and i got $40.
I might get my money in a couple days.
I will never return to this branch, and may look for a new bank.
They need to reevaluate their customer service.
No customer service at all.
When i went it, i told the teller i had to discuss my checking account with someone re: monthly fees.
Furthermore, i've never paid a monthly fee in 15 years.
The teller again said, no, i have to close it and to swipe my card.
I told her that i guess i don't have an option...close it.
Way to lose a customer and thrown 15 years of business out the window bofa!
Never in my life has any bank issues been so easy.
I will continue using this particular bank just because of their services!!
I wish i could give this place zero stars!
I am also a member of another credit union.
Certain simple transactions, like a deposit, are allowed.....i thought!
I went in to this branch with a preprinted deposit slip for my account, along with a check for.....gasp!
Guess what, they wouldn't accept it because i didn't have my government issued id....drivers license...with me.
I wasn't doing a withdrawal, just a small deposit.
So i just went to my credit union for that enormous deposit.
The next time i go in to make a deposit, i bring my drivers license!
But they won't take this deposit either....i make the tragic mistake of bringing in cash.
I had emptied my piggy bank, rolled up the coins, and brought it all in.
But they refuse my deposit again because "we don't accept large amount of coins, even if they are in rolls".
I never spoke with her though....her assistant said she was much too busy, but would call me back.
No phone call ever received.
So i emailed them, also no response.
The absolute worst in customer service!
I can contact suzie and the same day she will respond to my email or phone call.
Suzie explains everything in detail and makes certain that we understand all the benefits that one nevada offers.
Suzie suggests things that we may not know about.
She makes certain that we get the best benefits they offer.
I would recommend suzie to anyone that wants a "great" bank representative.
Bb&t indian trail along with all the other union county branches offered free shredding of important business papers this morning.
Yes, it's true what they say, you can tell they want your business!
Way to go bb&t.
I've been nothing but an upstanding customer of theirs.
This is the only time i asked them to do something!
Credit one was unwilling to do what was necessary to fax me my letter.
One of their reps, paul just flat out lied to me saying that he would send the fax.
After hours of waiting i called back only to hear about their "policy".
Understand that if you sign up with credit one, don't depend on anything from them.
They do not care about their customers only about the "policy"
Buh - there is one star because "no stars" is not an option.
Let's be honest we all would prefer to be treated like royalty.
But holding people on a short leash will cause you to lead a very unhappy life.
How about we treat others the way we'd like to be treated?
Cut them a break when possible?
Give them some slack.
And she was nothing, but professional and reassuring.
She explained the charges that were avoided and she printed out a new card.
The whole time she made a personal connection and wished me well on my journey to becoming a nurse.
Miss esther, thank you for caring and keep on doing a great job :).
I appreciate you helping me.
Ton of people front of me, only one window open.
The same story every time.
One rep meets and greets people, another girl closed the window and put sign "next window please".
I realize they do this on every branch now..
I am closing my checking, business checking and equity line of credit on bank of america.
Terrible terrible experience :(
I have had numerous problems with this bank.
They were not open yet, but a rep. was behind the counter.
I asked what time they opened and said i just wanted to make a quick deposit only.
She stated i would need to wait about 15 more minutes until they officially opened.
(he was of the same race as she was).
She gladly took his deposit even though they were not officially opened yet.
The rep saw me looking at her and she smiled sweetly back at me!!
Because he was portraying himself as a supervisor.
Please and i mean please dont get the card its a trap!!!
Feel free to leave your comments and i will tell you the reality and facts about this company.
I only wanted 1000 for my teenage daughter.
Mind you i have paid off at least 3 loans in the last 2 years to build my credit up.
I changed to this credit union to have a local branch to deal with.
But they just want to get my direct deposit without providing me with financial options.
I think i choose the wrong institution to do business with.....i'm taking my money and going elsewhere.
Good luck on them changing that list anytime soon.
I prefer a credit union that welcomes other cu members.
If i could give this bank a no star review, i would.
With their new "big bank" policies, i'm unsure how they can feasibly call themselves a credit union.
My money will be transferred to a local credit union within the month.
What a wonderful, friendly staff!
The staff graciously helped me with the process and were so kind about it.
She even waived the fee because it was for charity.
I've been a chase customer for a long time and will continue to be!
Will find another chase..smh
Doesn't surprise me that this place has such a low review.
I went to the secretary of state site where it clearly states a passport is valid id.
But it seems this cu has made its own rules and does not abide by the state rules.
Please tell me how a passport book issued by the feds is not acceptable id.
Closing my cd account and all other accounts with this institution.
Their staff is rude, inept, and there are so many other options nearby.
What is annoying is the looonnggg wait just to complete a simple transaction.
It's not the tellers fault, but how the system is designed.
It seems every transaction, including a deposit is delayed for the "need teller assistance".
I wanted to refi my auto loan and the staff at oncu took great care of me.
Erica, yesenia, and gina were so professional and nice.
I look forward to banking with one nevada credit union.
Great place and awesome staff!
After receiving $750 in fraudulent charges on a recent bill they still stated i needed to make the minimum payment!
What a bunch of bs...
I'm going to payoff the balance and cancel this account.
Very poor customer service and active investigation on fraud activities...
They stopped the other charges from happening but still billed me for the remaining fraud charges!!!
Run, not stop to consider this company's offering.
I wonder about this td canada trust location.
I've been here several times for personal and commercial reasons.
On one occasion, i had to change the signing authority on a commercial account.
The person who handled my commercial banking request had the dopiest look.
I wondered if she was on drugs.
She had no idea what to do.
It was like it was her first day, except it wasn't.
She went back to ask the manager what do to, then came back and appeared to forget everything he said.
Experiences like this have happened a few times here.
The most puzzling thing about this td canada trust location is that the alarm goes off every.
I know this because i walk past every night when i'm walking my dogs.
The alarm is always going off.
It makes me wonder.
Why do they ignore the alarm every night?
Why not fix the root cause?
Would they just ignore it?
There is free parking in a small lot, so that's a plus.
There are other loan/bankers inside but always only been two tellers.
I've almost had faster service at the dmv!
Staff is always very nice and polite however i do notice they fail to make eye contact, weird.
3 branches to service over 500 square miles means you are an online bank.
The biggest benefit is you can use the atms in 7-11s without a fee.
Azfcu is now bank big gulp.
Their credit card is more for people with no credit, but they approve just about anyone with bad credit too.
I forgot that they were charging me month to month yearly.
Well, i didn't pay the 1st month and i didn't realize it until i looked at my credit report....
So now on the 45th day they refuse to remove the late charge from my credit reports,  pathetic business practices.
I've been a wells fargo customer ever since.
And this place has been my go-to bank because it's close to my house.
One thing i like about this location, is that they have a very friendly staff.
Their front desk associates are so friendly and accommodating.
Every time i step my foot on this bank, i'm always greeted with a smile!
Parking is not that bad.
There are more parking spaces at the back space of the bank.
There's also a walgreens and a lot more stores nearby.
Mind you, when it gets busy, it gets a lil uncomfortable too.
Let's say i go here regularly and when it's busy, most of the customers are men.
One time, i was wearing a cardigan and a long distressed shorts.
It wasn't revealing at all!
I look at them, and i feel like they were all mentally undressing me!
Is it because of the holes on the knees of my shorts?
Lol how uncomfortable that could be!
Worst customer service i have ever experienced!!!!!
I just had an issue today and it was the straw the broke the camels back.
I am now a proud member of the chase bank right across the street!!!!
Please i beg you people don't open any account.
Their customer service is the worse in the world and they don't help you.
Honestly, i have great credit so i don't even know why i got this credit card.
I had to add a star in order to put this up.
They don't even deserve half but minus a star
Busey bank is for you if you  have tons of money are ready for the exciting world of investment banking!!!
Fortunately for me, i made time to argue!
I also made time to find a new bank.
On a positive note, their customer service is very friendly.
Bright mortgage group is an amazing company to work for!
I have been here 2 years now and i couldn't see myself anywhere else.
It is a stress free, fun environment and i am constantly learning new things.
Everyone here is a team player and we treat each other like family.
One thing i admire about this group is we can take on a challenge.
I would recommend this team to anyone looking for employment or a mortgage loan.
I use this bank almost every other day.
The workers are beyond amazing.
They are always professional and efficient.
I couldn't ask for kinder bankers.
Thank you for the continuous outstanding customer service.
This is a great state farm agency!
Ryan takes such good care of my account!!
He's very knowledgeable always making sure i have all the coverages i need...
I highly recommend him
I do not have credit issues and even if i did, i would not choose this card.
My requests to be removed from their mailing list have been repeatedly ignored (i was even nice about it).
I really do hate sneaky and i can't stand that they are trying to insult my intelligence.
I'm burning my mail now.
I went to the macleod trail branch to move my money to a less negligent establishment.
There's a major f**k up, they receive little information to work with).
Then there's the token employee-with-cold, wiping ther nose then counting your cash.
To be fair, i 'don't have any reason to believe' she was busy playing solitaire.
Omg please do not use this card ever.
I purchased two items that came out to 220.21.
I payed two payments of $100.00.
This is the worst wells fargo probably on the planet.
I go here for my merchant banking because it's close to my place, but no longer.
Megan is the worst teller i have ever dealt with.
Has no desire to assist customers with anything.
Time to find a new bank.
Too bad most choices are just as bad.
The service at this branch continues to go downhill.
The more so called improvements they make , the longer the lines and wait time.
They are not guest service minded anymore.
Justin and dustin are always friendly and helpful.
Finally bmo financial group comes to the united states.
The staff is absolutely wonderful here i must say and bmo is one of the top institutions in the world.
Ever since the bmo merger with m&i, things have gotten amazing.
This bank is awful due to the people working in it.
They are rude, snippy, and belittling.
I've been using banks all over the u. s. for 48 years and never been treated so poorly.
This morning he said to husband about our 4 month old business account, "your business really isn't generating any money.!"
Thanks manny for your input.
Okay, so we purchase the very next morning after speaking with them.
Fast forward to a week later and we were trying to buy a game, again the same thing.
This has happened countless times and the phone automation thing sometimes will take forever to unfreeze your account.
Excellent, freindly service with a smile.
This is the place where you want to conduct all your banking buisness.
Not to mention the hold time for reporting such fraud is a minimum of 30 minutes possibly more.
Why have a bank that is like having another mouth to feed or child to care for.
Well after 30+ years of being a loyal customer, i guess it is time to look elsewhere.
Opening up a new account across the street today.
Small branch inside albertsons.
Never very busy when i go in.
My experience with the bright mortgage team was excellent, from start to finish.
I immediately reached out to ryan, who happened to be on vacation with his family.
Andrea was also a great team player, working with me directly to gather necessary documents to ensure a smooth closing.
The closing went very smooth and i am enjoying my new home.
Thanks again to the bright mortgage team for providing me with an excellent mortgage customer experience!
I would highly recommend working with the bright mortgage for all your mortgage needs.
I've visited this branch on two separate occasions to set up new accounts.
Both times i was helped by marcos, who was very professional and knowledgeable.
When i had questions, he conversed with me over email and followed up with a phone call.
This branch is modern, clean, and seems to be well-run.
They wont be around for to long with there bad costumer services!
I just got my card and already closed it within minutes of being treated rude!
And i'm not going to pay!
To pay my bill!
Never heard of that lol.
They have and i mean the worst costumer services!
In a rude voice and ask me to take care!
I absolutely despise this in-store 'so called bank' that lacks any customer service skills.
I would like to rant about this place, but it's a complete waste of my time.
*** i will no longer ever use these buttheads and will be moving my accounts now to another bank.
If you walk into this place, go ahead and get your "sucker" tattoo to your forehead.
In 20 years, i have never- ever, had any problem cashing a check.
They assumed i was attempting to cash a fraudulent check.
If they didn't think so, they treated me as such.
I left this branch angry, and the account holder was also angry- at this bank.
He said they were "lame" and i am urging him to make a formal complaint.
Bofa does not want a complaint coming from that account.
Ugh what an untrained, ungracious personnel they hire at this branch.
I guess they're so used to cashing housekeeper's and landscapers checks they get suspicious when anything else comes in.
I have been a cccu member since 1999.
My favorite part about the credit union is that the they do not ridiculous fees.
From what i know they have a couple basic ways you can have your account set up.
I have used the electronic account and it has served me well.
I can do almost anything at the atm.
I live mostly off my debit card and have our income direct deposit so it works great for us.
Then you would only pay a fee when you use your debit card or use electronic services like the atm.
It was all done in one day and was a very easy process.
My phone number was changed and strange charges started showing up on my account.
I finally cancelled my card but they have yet to do it.
Talking to cs is liking talking to a brick wall.
What a horrible company.
Not great - unless you are really over a barrel but even then there are better options.
After several years of carrying this card; i finally closed the account, goodby.
The foreign customer service attendant could do nothing about the monthly service charge.
Although located "in the united states" you will never speak to anyone that is actually in the united states.
The staff are friendly and helpful.
I do my investing there and they are very knowledgeable and i am happy with how my investments are doing.
They have my mortgage with them as well.
Parking can be an issue if you have to drive there.
Helped me out of a jam.
They were nice and understanding and got me out of a bad loan.
Thankful for olivias help.
Hear is another good one.
I recently received a pre-approved offer for an additional card with a credit limit of a whopping $500.
Why would they do that and not simply increase the credit line of my other card?
They claim they want to help improve credit scores.
It's just so they can eventually charge the strangely worded annual monthly fee payment and collect more of my money.
Seriously, the nicest people ever.
My whole family banks here and that family tradition will keep on going.
I'm looking forward to finishing up my mortgage re-fi.
Angela has been an angel!
I am a new "member" and let me tell you, i am not very amused.
I have a visa secured credit card with them and because of it, a savings account.
The only option is to "move money" from their savings account onto the secured credit card.
How many of you cannot pay your visa with your checking account?
Called their customer service, after being on hold for 31 minutes, i was hung up on.
Called again and after on hold for another 32 minutes, i was hung up on again.
Called the lady that opened my account, voicemail.
An hour wait for a simple freaking question from a new member!!
How the hell am i supposed to pay them??
Go to the freaking branch in person to pay a simple credit card??
Left a voicemail to the lady who opened my account and hopefully she will get back to me.
I can only pay it online using the debit card from a different bank and paying the $18 fee.
I'm closing my account and going someplace else.
I come to this bank almost everyday to make the deposit for my work.
The staff here is extremely pleasant!
They are attentive and very kind.
Even though i'm not currently a wells fargo customer, i plan to be.
These people really know how to treat their customers.
After 11 yrs a customer and their level change i'm getting charged 7$ a month to have my accounts there.
I have been a member of arizona federal credit union for close to 20 years.
Sadly, today i cancelled all my accounts.
Some time ago they were my main banking source when i lived in arizona.
I had my savings account, a car loan and a line of credit with them.
I recently received a warning letter that my balance had fallen below $25 and it was subject to cancellation.
Every time i go to this bb&t - it is almost empty every time.
If i was a bank robber, i'd have a field day in this bank because there's very rarely a teller.
Bb&t - if you ever read these, hire some teller for your banks!
I have some wonderful news which probably most people won't care about but that is beside the point.
I'm happy about it.
This bac branch is nearest to my home.
I will share two examples with you.
One made you just not want to go in there, period, due to the charm she did not exude.
Another was nice enough but didn't seem to be really capable of doing the job.
I hold my bank to a higher standard as it is handling my money for me.
As a result, i guess i have higher expectations when i walk in the door as opposed to other businesses.
She'd been making some changes and customers seemed happy about it.
She even recognized me even though we hadn't had that much actual personal contact.
She also was pleasant enough to always take a moment to say hello when she say me in the future.
The moral of the story is this.
It is a pretty safe to say if you aren't happy with your branch, try this one.
I'll be going back.
When it involves my finances, this is the kind of attitude i like to see.
I felt this same attitude today so guess i can start using this branch again regularly.
Minor plus to all of this.
With the cost of gas, closer is always better!
Awful customer service, i wish i could give them 0 stars.
Plus, they are trying to charge you for everything.
Worst bank branch ever!
You should drive to another location, very quickly to avoid ruining your day.
If i could give 0 stars i would!
These people have no concern for others!
I have never missed a payment and have been a good customer.
I responded with telling them i was in the hospital in the icu and these people respond with.
"you don't have your visa"?
Hello my fellow yelpers!
So, you're looking for a new bank and you thought you might check out a credit union ?
Ask yourself why you want a credit union.
Is it because it used to be onlly "special" people are allowed to bank there... "members"?
Or because you want a "small town" type bank?
Desert schools is neither!
Anyone can become a member and they are not small.
My beef is with the fact that they charge for most everything!
Don't have direct deposit?...
Need a check from your own account?...
Stupid little things that "small town type credit unions" should provide.
We are done with a desert schools!
Good luck to all and think of all your options out there before you join!
Always remember to live for today!
Yet another reason as to why banking with cccu is the best.
Thank you, dennae and cccu!
Big thank you arturo a. the business/ personal specialist for taking great care of me in making things right!
Very grateful for your kindness in representing the wellsfargo well in helping your customers as if they are family.
Appreciate the human touch!
I have been a member of this credit union for many years.
As soon as my last remaining cd matures i will no longer be a member.
Customer service, or what they define as such,  has never been very good and has been declining over the years.
Today i went in to close several  cd accounts and it took about 40 minutes.
I had to stand in line to wait for a teller.
I was the third person in line.
Of course, there were only two open windows and about 10 closed windows.
Each of the two windows that were open seemed to have under trained tellers.
The customers they were dealing with had issues they could not handle.
Each teller had to go visit a supervisor multiple times.
Finally the tellers were ready to accept new customers.
More trips to the supervisors.
I finally got to a teller.
This person had had no idea how to deal with the completed desert financial forms i presented.
Another trip back to the supervisor who was greatly enjoying her large drink from a local store.
No, it wasn't lunch and probably not break time either.
Next i got a referral to an actual office.
I had to wait longer than necessary for the staff member to realize their was a customer waiting.
The staff member was pleasant and took care of my issue.
Overall -- wait times are way to long.
The teller windows are always understaffed by under trained individuals.
Too many people who could provide assistance do not do so.
"got to finish that big gulp."
Rates (loans or deposits) are nothing special.
Management has no respect for customers.
Tellers seem to be pleasant.
They just lack training and are probably poorly paid.
There is probably a high teller turn over.
Service there is pretty much the worst i have ever seen at a financial institution.
At least they are number one in something.
I am glad to be ending my association with desert financial.
You would be wise never to establish a relationship with this credit union.
Let me start off by saying i have been a member (when it was tscu) for over 20 years.
In fact, i remember opening my first checking account here when i was in high school.
The statements have continued to come to my mom's house all these years.
Additionally, i am being charged a $5/month fee for receiving a paper statement.
She actually recommended that i close my account, which i was more than happy to do.
Not happy sad 16 years being a customer now move.
I agree with some here they have gotten just to be nasty at time not very caring.
There was a time customer service went along with desert schools not any more.
And the attitude - wtf?
So, maybe, you the reader who reads this review - they don't need your business too!!!
Places like this typically aren't so friendly.
Thanks again claudia for your exceptional customer service!
No drive-thru atm, however there are 2 drive-thru teller windows.
Didn't get to go into the branch so can't review what's in there.
Enough parking spaces outside and bright lights, so it's a safe place to go.
It's on a busy intersection right by the light-rail station.
I hate to write bad reviews but i absolutely hate this location.
The staff is very friendly and kind.
However, there are never enough tellers.
I have only seen 1-2 tellers every time i have been here, even though there are 5 windows.
Also, i have never made it out of this bank in under 15 minutes.
The line is always long and there is always a long wait to be helped.
My last trip there from start to finish took 26 minutes, which is so unacceptable!
Like i said though, i do not believe it to be the staffs fault.
They need to hire more tellers.
This credit union is in comparison with b of a.
Navy federal has better service and options as well as convenience.
I will be closing my account with clark county soon.
I am tired of being robbed.
I recently needed something notorized and i had very bad start to the day.
It was nice to walk in and not have a crowded branch and have someone immediately available to help me.
It was a great solution.
I had no idea wells fargo offered free notary services.
Friendliest chase people in the north!
I've had some banking issues in the past which frustrated me but it was never the tellers fault.
Things happen, atms go down or they're busy.
The combination of my chase app, atm deposit capability and their service is a reason i choose chase.
I personally do not bank with chase, but the business i run does.
Also i pay my rent through chase because that's the bank the realty company uses.
A bit annoyed i said okay and planned on coming in the next day.
We recently had a change in the business and had a new account set up.
She rolled her eyes and said okay.
The entire time she was helping me she kept saying " we won't do this for you every time.
It definitely makes me grateful for the bank that i use for my personal account.
I was told certified funds such as cash, money order etc.
I think they do well by their members but this particular situation was disappointing.
Quick and easy if you do not want to deal with bank tellers for deposits and withdrawals.
24hr atm machine is inside and 1 drive through.
Easy in and out.
This bank lost a check for $57,000.
The employees here are so unprofessional.
The employee made us wait for 1 hour and told us that she cant accomodate us because she got appointment.
Just waisted an hour here, she couldve said to come back later because she's fully book.
Stay away from this incompetent employers.
Love the bank but not the employees.
Great service and i love to support my local community
Im with kimberly b...this is a card for people rebuilding credit.
Mine got tanked due to a divorce.
I have been rebuilding, and started with a $300 limit, and it is now at $1250.
I do not carry a balance, ever.
It you are a day late, you haven't learned your lesson either.
A day late is a  day late.
You can sign up to get reminders to pay a week in advance.
Also, it is not a hidden $75 fee.
It's clearly disclosed, along with the $8.95 monthly fee.
People who place blame where it doesn't belong aren't going to take responsibility for getting their credit back in order.
It's a card to rebuild credit...you are going to pay for the privlege of doing so.
Stop blaming the company for being a business and take your finances into your own hands.
Brandon at academy was extremely professional and knowledgeable.
From the starting pre-qualification phase all the way to closing, he was communicative, honest, and very helpful.
In fact, he was even able to push the process along to allow us to close early!
Would definitely use again and would recommend them to any family or friends.
Marco w. thank you for your professionalism and great attitude.
We love "one nevada" and will recommend our friends to you at the fort apache branch.
I have your business cards!
I have been a licensed, full time realtor for 13 years.
I recently had the misfortune of working with bbva compass.
They did the loan for a buyer purchasing one of my listings.
It was easily one of the worst lending experiences i had in my career.
Bbva compass missed two closing dates.
Once they missed the first closing date, the loan officer just stopped answering his phone or email.
He literally just went off grid on this loan.
My listing had multiple offers and could have closed a month earlier with another buyer/lender.
The incompetence of bbva compass cost my sellers another month of carrying costs.
You know when it would have been a good time to tell the parties to the contract that?
Once the file was "rushed" the turn around on anything was laughably slow.
They are soo slow.
I was in the business line for 50 minutes.
There was only one customer infront of me.
I am a manager, that is not the way you respond to a customer.
She could have approached the teller and ask him why it's taking so long or open another window.
I'll never go back to that location and will never open a account with them.
My job has the account that's the only reason i was there.
That makes me appreciate my personal bank chase even more.
Horrible lines every time .
Almost to the door.
And they only have 2 tellers as usual.
This place needs to hire!!
2 tellers and there was 3 employees when i got here.
4:40pm now 2 tellers and 1 employee.
Get your shit together.
No one wants to get off work then stand here in line forever with literally no ac!
Will be going to another location from now on.
So i got my vehicle refinanced through these guys.
At the time of loan qualification i was told my payment was going to be 330.81.
But now my payment jump to $547.21.
There are liars and cheats.
My advice to all you do not use them!
Can i rate this card a big fat zero stars?
Refusal to help long time customers even those who even accepted their predatory lending practices.
For a one time late payment i dropped 80 points on my credit score.
If you're looking to rebuild your credit or even establish your credit i suggest looking elsewhere
My beef is actually with wells fargo bank in general, and not necessarily the chandler branch.
But they won't admit their deficiency in this area.
Why do they lie?
Do they think we are stupid?
I've been a cccu member since april 2014, i now have a auto loan, checking, savings & unsecured credit card.
I have nothing but good things to say about this bank.
They have approved me for my auto refi where some banks have denied me!
Their site is very user friendly!
The staff i've delt with at several locations (water street, wigwam & n tenaya) are very friendly & informative!
I do have to agree with one of the previous reviews ...
They are in much need of an update on their atm's....
They are not just 10+ yrs old they are 20+ yrs old maybe even older!
However, i don't agree with one previous review where they charge fees if you don't get your $$!
I've never had that experience at any atm for that matter!!!
Or the other review that stated they were charged $50 teller fees!
They are actually very reasonable!
They have walgreens every where!!!
So far so good
Only 2 tellers at 4pm.
Other employees in the branch in their cubicles not with a customer.
No teller for drive up either.
One of the worst branches
Worse bank experience every time i go here.
Always give me a difficult time no matter why i go here.
I'll never go back or recommend this location.
Go to 303 & bell rd.
Friday at noon and there's no teller!!
This place is a joke.
I don't bank here but i come frequently to deposit $ in someone's account.
Same bs all the time.
And the atm's are always down!!
I have only been inside a few times.
I regularly use the atm.
I do most of my banking that way.
Went to the bank this afternoon since needed questions answered about my account that could not answer.
Got a fraud alert on my account and it wanted to make sure that i am an american citizen.
So went to show them that i am .
The alert come to find out was for the country i was born from clarification.
Not sure why asking these questions now.
Well the staff as usual wad very helpful and attended to my needs.
Got all the citizen questions all cleared up.
Got change for laundry for the week and a new debit card too coming.
Just terrible customer service.
The place was not even that busy.
This has happened more than once at this branch.
They got to make their late fees and bounced check fees!
At $38 a pop, maybe they get a bonus for each time they can do this.
Worst costumer service ever.
Closing my accounts and taking my loan else where.
You people just keep transferring to another person.
This review is long overdue!
We absolutely love the staff at this branch and their professionalism.
Other branches we have visited have also been outstanding with service.
We have referred many friends, family members and clients and they all love this bank, especially this branch!
There was a gentleman greeting customers, who asked us about our needs.
He signed us up to meet a banker who could assist us and open a new account.
He told us the wait would be about 45 min.
It had only been 15 minutes when our banker, mr. david van vorce took us to his office.
He was professional, very knowledgeable and humorous.
He also showed us boa's new mobile app services, and admittedly, i learned as well.
We walked out with certain level of accomplishment and little more knowledgeable for new technologies.
I worked with john werner several years ago for 3 years.
I learned first hand that john was trustworthy and professional.
When my wife and i decided to buy a house i immediately dialed up john.
He was able to safe me thousands, not hundreds, on my home loan.
Even though we were hundreds of miles apart the transaction went smooth and there were no hiccups.
That's a winning combination, save money and get the best professional assistance from a savvy pro!
Very easy experience, no hassle, great customer service,  and there agent charlene was very helpful!
This location is convenient.
Does not have a drive up atm.
It use to be a great place to do banking, but now is filled with barely competent unseasoned tellers.
Rather intrusive, but in a pinch, this is a site that will just service your needs.
You will not be wowed in any way.
So i am going to update.
We move around often and sometimes even important documents can get misplaced.
Unfortunately,  i do not have access to my account number.
I'm thankful that we're living at camp pendleton, ca and phoenix is only an 8 hour drive.
I couldn't imagine being stationed any further and having to visit phoenix just to withdraw money.
We will be visiting shortly and closing our account!
On a happy day for me at work, i went to the bank.
It's cool that i still get paid to wait, but can't afford to be here all day.
After the 6th person i decided to just hop in the regular line.
They're really friendly but still not aware of their surroundings when someone's waiting at the merch line.
The teller was done giving me my change order, so i asked for a handful of penny & quarter rolls.
They give however much is needed.
Conveniently located, i stopped in this weekend to get some cash from the atm.
Sad atm, but well-placed for all the "cash-only" restos on the block.
Does visa really charge that much to use their services?
I would want yelp to let us give negative star!
Went in to open an account and had to fill out a quick 30 second application.
She brushed me off and took another customer who ended up being 20 minutes.
She kept making excuses as to how it was not her fault.
I got upset and said forget it just give me my money back.
She gave me cash and basically told me i had to eat my bank fees for the transaction that occured.
She didn't even apologize or anything.
But i would have to drive all the way back there in order to do so.
The waste of gas and time would be the same for the bank fees.
Cannot believe they are sucessful.
Banks have better customer service and they aren't even customer service based.
Wont be going there - like ever.
If you are looking for a place that takes care of their military - this aint it.
Review not based on location.
Us bank has some issues.
Will be closing both my accounts and moving to a more professional bank
I chose azfcu based on their sales pitch and their location (now closed) at desert ridge (more on that below).
Sure, there's friendly faces at the branches and lower rates and fees, but there's a lot of room for improvement.
For example, the delay between opening your account and being able to make remote deposits is ludicrous.
It's something like 60 days.
Here's another annoyance on that: the remote deposit check amount limit is capped at $2,500.00.
Whose could be lower?
The bill pay interface is clumsy with too many prompts and a thoughtless, disjointed layout for displayed info.
There are surprisingly long delays in the days for delivery of your payments from azfcu to your payees.
Don't look to azfcu if you're getting close to your payment due date.
The information is sparse on details and isn't even centered on the screen...it's up, to the left.
The above are just two of the most egregious examples of how "behind the times" azfcu is.
However, perhaps these deficiencies are allowing the decent dividends they issue at year end.
Also, the credit card interest rates rival what usaa offers exclusively to those serving in the military.
However, despite a few genuinely good perks and pleasant customer service, i would suggest banking elsewhere.
We worked with john for about 9 months before we actually purchased our home.
John was helpful, kind, and informative.
He knew we weren't looking to buy immediately, and unlike most, he didn't let that affect his time with us.
He never rushed me off of the phone and followed up periodically to answer any questions and just check in.
I've been coming to this bank for years... never thought to write a review until now.
The atm is great and i suppose the only time it wouldn't be is if it were empty.
The tellers are rude, the managers are rude and it takes so long to do anything there!
If it wasn't for my wells fargo accounts that i really like,  i would not bank here.
I've never expected much being a bank and all but a smile and hello go a long way.
This is a horrible credit card company.
They closed my account for no reason.
Customer service is horrible and very unhelpful.
They can't tell you anything on the phone.
Everything is you need to wait for a letter.
Find a better credit card company that's legit.
I have used john twice now.
John was there calming us and encouraging both parties with knowledge as to why.
The lord blessed us and paved the way with good, people, john is one of those people.
Hubby and i say by "faith & grace" we are here and couldn't be happier!
Zero stars for the worst sort of price gouging.
I was charged forty dollars to cash two checks here.
For checks that were well under $300.
You know what doesn't help a poor person to climb back up out of a financial pit?
A $20 service fee to cash a check.
Hours of my labor went into a fee rather than into food or paying rent.
I could have eaten for a week on that.
Because i had no other option to get the money that i had worked for, i paid the fee.
It is sickening and unethical.
They refused to cash my payroll check (drawn from their bank) unless i had an account with them.
I would never bank with this type of bank!
Updating my yelp review for first federal.
The bank has since followed up wiht me after this review in an effort to make things right.
The manager i spoke to has assured me she will follow-up on our issues.
Do notttt get this card!
We ended up in bankruptcy.
After a time we were working on rebuilding credit.
I received a capital 1 account.... i worked on good payment history.
Soon, i received another offer.
Credit 1.....  horrific experience!!!
So, i called to make payment to pay off account.
I paid and asked over and over if all fees and everything were paid off.
I was then shipped over to a guy trying to keep me.
I decided to call about a month later... the guy says i have a balance of $10.
I am now forced to file complaint with gov.
Please take extreme caution!!!
When i was in college, i had signed up for them as student loans.
I'm currently regretting that decision.
At which point, they'd rise up to $350.
The drive-up atm almost never has a line.
Location has regular "bank hours" for walk-in/in-person transactions.
I find it convenient to turn into this location while traveling northbound on scottsdale road.
I like the new scanning feature for depositing checks!
I've been really unhappy with desert schools as of late.
Not so much this location or the staff here, but the company as a whole.
The staff here has never been anything but pleasant.
First of all, it takes a week (we're talking at least 5 business days) for my paychecks to clear.
That's...good to know, but not always feasible since i work nights and pick up my paycheck at 3 am.
I applied for my card in late january/early february and received it in the mail early feb.
Literally just the card, in a plain white envelope, on a plain white piece of paper.
No logo, phone number, or website.
I was with chase for years with zero issues, and i will eventually be switching back.
Creditone refuses to verify my account information to a 3rd party, with my consent.
The just down right refuse.
You can't reach them by mail or email.
Payments take 4 days to apply.
They charge $9.99 for payment that apply next day.
They outsource all customer service out of country, then transfer to las vegas when you request a second level manager.
They are very unhelpful and i will be cancelling this card!
I frequent this location from time to time and have never had a negative experience.
The team here is very friendly and the location is well maintained, spacious, and clean.
Oh...and by the way, i've never experienced a lengthy wait here, which is a bonus!
When you walk into the building turn right.
That's where the tellers are and they are very helpful and friendly.
A nice, easy, fast transaction.
Don't bother to turn left, this is the area where you would open a new account.
In my experience, customer service in this area needs some work.
They were slow, did not anticipate my needs, and did not make me feel like a valued customer.
I've been with this credit union for apx 20 years and lately have been feeling frustrated.
It's a big inconvenience trying to make transactions.
I agree with earlier posts regarding the atm machine being difficult to see & the bank's website.
It's been 3 months since a complaint was written on this site and still no awning for the atm.
The website is horrible.
When trying to find locations, the links don't work.
The service overall with this bank is just going downhill.
I'm a new member.
I met with the same representative each time.
The first time i got the impression he had never opened an account before.
The second time (now) i am convinced he was never even trained.
I have waited for about 10 min while the rep finished his personal call.
I could hear it clearly from the waiting area.
Then i sat and waited another 10min for him to figure out how to open my checking account.
It got so bad he is on the phone now with another branch asking them how to do it.
I've been here for 35 min and my account is still not open.
My other bank is chase, and they are always fast.
I guess credit unions just don't move with the same level of urgency.
Omg, when are business customer service ever going to improve to show their customers how much they value their business!!!
That's more annoying than the music they make you listen to, again what a joke!
At this point i don't know who's customer service is worst, boa or cox!
And yes i'm still waiting to speak with someone, lol
Shame on their services that how they treat their clients
I was hopeful 10 weeks ago.
Now i say .
This company is to be avoided.
Extremely slow in loan processing.
It was ongoing for 9 weeks.
Then i gave up.
We were never told we were approved or rejected.
18 follow ups yielded the most curt replies without any explanation of delays.
They are highly inefficient.
Phone calls are not returned within 1-2 days.
We have great credit scores, low debt, and good income but .
After 9 weeks, i withdrew my loan application.
I will avoid them from now on.
The loan person over mortgage is not the brightest person.
Never never bank here if any sort.
3 months ago my score would have been much different.
It's only when you need help that the bank begins finger pointing.
Horrible customer service....avoid at all costs!
Higher interest rates than traditional banks,  great source for mutual funds & investments; as well as mortgages; even commercial.
It's open the public.
So for the last few months it's been costing me $12 a month to save money.
I went in and asked for my money back and they refused.
So i closed my saving account.
Next week i will cancel my checking account and my credit card.
Loyalty doesn't mean anything to this bank.
He has helped me to keep my insurance rates at a reasonably low rate even given my current unlucky situation.
He provides very valuable and reliable information.
He has been very good at getting back to me about any questions i've had along the way.
Often, he proposes ideas to save me money and secure my future further (who doesn't want that!).
If there is ever an issue, rick is very quick to address it and solve it with me.
He is very attentive and thorough which are very essential qualities i look for in an agent.
She said to call back if there was any problems.
I wasn't able to do it in the app so i called back.
Another lady answered and i believe her name was nancy.
I answered everything correctly.
She then said she needs to verify my drivers license number.
I was crying and upset.
She then asks me to verify the date i opened my account with one nevada.
I have had my account for years!!
I can't recall an exact date.
And that's what i explained to her.
She tells me that i have to verify one or the other.
I'm not calling to ask for money or personal information, i'm trying to prevent someone from using my card fraudulently.
I was already frustrated over my wallet missing, but this just made it worse.
There needs to be a better way to handle this type of situation.
Just acknowledging what made me unhappy, and an apology for how i was treated was all i could ask for.
Thank you for the quick and professional follow through!
I would like you to know, that it was an unusual circumstance.
I am surprised and saddened at the comment made about me as they were aware of the situation.
I hope your transaction was successful, and again i am sorry for any distress you experienced.
Thank you, dorene lubawy
Lori was super helpful.
Gave me some guidance for my financial future and taught me some good stuff on how to rebuild my credit.
Thanks for restoring some of my faith in bofa :)
I went through a three month construction loan process, in which i was approved about a month into.
At the end of those three months, they told me my builder could not be approved.
Also, my builder i was using was been known from the very beginning of this loan process.
Please save yourself the trouble, do not work with these unprofessional wastes-of-time.
Well, another year later and my credit limit is now up to $2200!
I still use this for one charge a month and pay it off.
That's the reality of it.
Omg, what have they done?
An email telling me they're are sorry is not satisfactory and an insult.
Now when i use bill pay another window pops up, who thought that was a good idea.
Trying to reset my alerts and they don't even have an alert for transactions.
It's like taking a step back a decade or so.
If you do on line banking stay away until they get their act together.
Arizona federal is much better.
I am seriously considering how this upgrade was handled to take my business elsewhere.
It's so sad that i can't reach an actual person when i call customer service.
There are somethings that i know i need to speak to someone about.
Things that the automated system can't help me with.
It's so frustrating that i get hung up on when i press 0 a few times.
How can you call yourself a bank if you don't even take your customer's calls??
Worst banking experience ever.
Walked in on 9/15 no signin sheet so waited in the lobby for a while.
Apparently, greeting a customer is way to much to ask for.
I politely tell him i have been here 10 mins.
He says, doesn't matter, we close at 2:00.
I tell him, i am here to open an account.
He says, we close at 2:00 you come in on monday and make an appointment.
They are officially worst than the post office and dmv.
I've been with ssscu for about 3 years and i needed a loan.
Jane dela cruz assisted me with my loan and credit card process very smoothly and efficiently.
We did the loan transaction over the phone and signed off on email and i thought that was very easy.
She's very nice and does a great job at what she does.
She's very helpful in getting me my loan and credit card.
I would highly recommend jane dela cruz for any loan transaction or credit card approval.
My signature is not on that fees page.
Make sure you keep everything you sign for years if you choose to do business with them!
We signed up with them two years ago.
We no longer do business with prolific business solutions and never will again.
Their shortsighted view of this situation is both aggravating and surprising.
This bank really went downhill over the years.
(yeah, no... live within your means.)
Then today we get a notice saying we will be charged an inactive fee for the account.
Glad to know that your company employs ignorant bigots.
What a load of bullshit.
Luckily we still had address forwarding on our mail, so the ignorant bigots couldn't prevent us from receiving our money.
Keep it classy, silver state!
John moran and cardinal finance were awesome in our family purchasing a home.
They had the best rates, a streamlined process, and john was quick to answer any questions during the process.
I have refinanced many times in the past, and can say that john and cardinal are the best.
We will definitely work with him again on any future purchases or refinancing.
Very rude and obnoxious customer service, dirty branch.
Atm was broken when i went in.
It is easy to brag about steve jarosh at midfirst bank.
He is the vice president/east valley business banking manager.
Wish i could give this place negative stars.
This is just the worst bank every time that i come here.
There is always issues and they are rude and they take forever!!!!!!!!!!!
It's is so frustrating and disrespectful to waste people's time so carelessly.
They literally only have 1 teller yet they hire a man in a suit to be a greeter.
They just don't care at all.
Think maybe you have too much management and not enough tellers?
In line for a half hour with one teller and 4, count em, 4 suits.
Not at all a dig on the one woman, she is trying.
Maybe chase wants my business......
Today was my first experience inside this branch.
I haven't had good experiences with the bank of america telephone helpline.
However, today i was so pleased with amazing customer service.
I explained my issue to brian the bank teller.
Once he understood my issue he asked for the assistance of eric.
It was easy to tell that the staff at this branch work well together and make a great team.
I am a very satisfied customer and i am thankful to have my finances at bank of america.
Thank you all for your assistance this afternoon!
You made my day!
Having banked with boa for over 35 years, i was completely disillusioned by the poor service at this branch.
There were two employees behind the counter, although only one of them was helping the man at the counter.
There was also a perky young woman greeting people at the door, and trying to direct customers to self service.
Whatever happened to first come, first served?
My response was, "even though i have been waiting longer, and was here first?"
Yet that woman was being helped before me.
He never stepped up to help or lift a finger.
There wasn't even a sign that said bank of america parking.
By law i can park there and not even be a customer fyi.
They also tell me that their not required to refund a customer of their prorated annual fee .
Teresa popp was amazing in helping me with my auto loan 1.99%.
Plus a 0.25% promo, my loan will be 1.74%.
Very easy and painless auto loan ever!!!!
She was professional at all times and went the extra mile to help me.
Green valley branch is very friendly and accessible and right is the corner of sunset and marks.
Fucking bullshit company who better hope i never make my way to this address
I was in an accident when i hit an elk coming home from flagstaff.
Called his office, everything was taken care of from towing to rental, to painting the vehicle.
Have home, cars, and now just moved my mother's policies to him.
He has had the same staff for over 25 years, so everyone is on the same page.
Love that about this agency.
Plus he's a dog lover, added bonus for me.
Just first rate service always.
Occasionally busy but they handle customers quickly but efficiently.
I recommend everyone to silver state school federal credit union.
I opened an auto loan yesterday and leesa lopez assisted me in doing so.
She tried every way to help me get approved.
I made a deposit of 120.00 at the atm at gcc.
So i withdrew 20.00 made the deposit again and same thing happened.
This just happened within hour or so ago.
With it being sunday i can't contact desert schools today.
If they have no records of my deposits we will have an issue.
Angela, virginia and pat all at pat estfan state farm insurance i highly recommend.
They are so professional so kind and courteous and helpful on the phone.
They have helped me numerous times and they're prompt in their responses.
I've had the pleasure of speaking with virginia and angela many times and can't speak highly enough about them.
If you're looking for insurance call pat estfan state farm insurance and speak with virginia and angela
My husband and i decided to split a vacation condo with another couple.
We charged the full cost of the condo on our costco citibank credit card.
The other couple gave us their half in cash.
I decided to try the atm.
I was able to put my credit card in the atm without a pin - which i don't have.
I simply selected payment and inserted the cash into the atm.
The atm totalled up the cash and asked if i wanted to apply the payment to my credit card.
I printed the receipt and away i went.
I came in today needing help i was nerves and upset.
Art helped me being kind and curteous also so helpful and today was his birthday.
I am very thankful to him for his help..
He has a great personality   one nevada is great.
Don't know why they even bother with a business line.
And the tellers are as miserable as a dmv teller
Bank of america is the absolute worst financial institution i have ever had to deal with in 30 years.
I now know where all the terminated wells fargo employees go.
The "wealth management" combination with merrill lynch makes things worse.
They are dumb as rocks.
This account was hacked.
I have had the misfortune of going to branches in massachusetts, texas and henderson, nevada to resolve the estate.
I confidently state this is the most large incompetent financial institution you will ever encounter.
Does not exist.i went to the address and it's not where it supposed to be.
All i wanted to do was cash in my travelers checks.
This has to be the worse chase branch i have ever been in.
The tellers have attitude and are out right rude.
Management is just an extension of a promoted teller.
They so pissed me off i closed the accounts.
First time i opened a credit union account and i had a very positive experience.
My member representative was leesa lopez and she was awesome.
She has great listening and communication skills which created such a positive interaction.
I have had no problems with the card or cust svc.
First of all you must read the fine print!!!
And they do give increases if you pay on time.
I tested my bankers patience this past week.
I switched cars 5 times before finally deciding to make a purchase after 3 weeks.
He was very patient with me and honored  my orignal auto rate.
His underwriter leticia cano made it simple.
They work together as a team.
Im not surprised to see marco wibowo's name all over yelp.
I specifically asked for him when i read his yelps.
A true professional and class act individual.
While i was signing my loan he had many people waiting for him in the lobby.
Im a member for life!
You earned my business.
Love my subaru and low payment!
I have been a state farm customer with pat estfan's office for many years.
I have always had great service and been very happy with all of my insurance needs.
My husband and i recently had the pleasure of working with skyler spicer on a loan.
State farm offers financing for cars, boats, etc.
Skyler was knowledgeable, professional, efficient, and extremely patient during the entire process.
He was an absolute joy to work with and made the process run so smoothly.
I went to this branch to open an hsa and felt happy to give my business to a locally-owned spot.
I forgot i had freezes on my credit due to some fraudulent activity recently.
It was nearly 110 in the valley today, so this wasn't the highlight of my day.
As soon as i sat back down inside, the banker informed me that the freeze was still there.
This was, at best, a mediocre experience with customer service and left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
I like the location but it seems like everybody that works here is new.
Maybe it's a training facility.
Also, the drive thru atm does not count money correctly.
I deposited $800 cash.
The atm said i deposited $710 cash.
I canceled the transaction and did it again.
Then it said i deposited $730.
I had to go inside to deposit the money with the teller.
I let her know about the atm and she seemed genuinely concerned.
There was a manager standing  near so i let her know about the problem.
I told her i thank  god i counted the money before i put it in because sometimes i don't.
She did not seem to care at all.
I'm sure they would care if the machine was spitting out too much money.
I probably will go to another branch after this.
I don't think i can trust this one.
The guy at reception had the personality of a doorknob.
I get no public restrooms but made it sound like i was a total hassle to him
Do not use this bank for a home mortgage.
Spoke to the bank president sharon, who could only apologize and not correct their wrong doing.
Bottom line they made more money on their gross mistake and i am left to pay for negligence.
The employees i've dealt with throughout the years have been knowledgeable and kind.
My only gripe is not a lot of locations but they have quite a bit of participating atms.
What a terrible bank!
1) customer service is not open after 2pm on saturdays or all day sunday (no emergency number).
Lost your debit/credit card on saturday night?
Hard luck, you must wait until 9am on monday morning to cancel.
2) online banking has never worked for me.
Despite trying to sign up several times, including in person at the branch.
3) there are many places in chicago where your debit/credit card might not work.
Your card will be denied (as if you didn't have funds in the account).
Apparently it's due to some internal issue, beyond customer control.
There's no way to know if your card will work until you try.
4) wire transfers (incoming) are expensive, get ready to be hit with a huge surcharge.
So i applied for this card with pretty terrible credit.
I got approved for 400, which was awesome to a slightly above minimum wage worker.
Five days later i get an online document telling me that the payment has been returned.
I go check my bank account, sure enough, it had been.
So i submit another payment, not wanting to incur a late payment on my already bad credit.
Two days later, i get a physical copy in the mail saying that they couldn't "locate my account".
No real explanation into what that meant.
Especially since i watched the money leave my account and come bac, with a bank statement of proof, as well.
I call customer service and get the biggest runaround.
Suddenly, i can't access anything.
The app, anything dealing with credit one is inaccessible to me.
Yet my fiancee can access those sites just fine.
The second payment has been returned for the same reason and they've closed my account.
What in the hell?
No, absolutely not buying it.
Whatever, i'll pay it off it gets them off my back and out of my hair.
Customer service is atrocious and literally only reads things line for line with no real independent thought.
Do not get this credit card.
Theft, and lying is a good reason to avoid them.
Oh, and this was just the first payment.
The reason i give this location 5 stars is duncan.
After some confusion with my auto refinance he spent hours working the numbers, making calls and explaining everything to me.
He still saved me some money and added gap insurance.
Now i have my bank accounts with them and a personal loan.
Thanks for your hard work duncan!
I cannot even make an online account.
I have called customer support twice.
First time she told me i need to delete all my search history and reset my password.
It does not work.
She tells me to try using firefox or another platform.
I get angry and hang up because i had to get to an appointment.
I call again today and the guy tells me the same thing.
I repeat over and over that it is not working.
I download firefox and do it again for the 20th time and it does not work.
Then he ask me all the same question again like i am an idiot.
Customer service is terrible and i now definitely do not trust this company.
This bank of america is the worst of the worst.
Then charge you an arm and a leg to access your money.
I'd trust my money to bernie madoff rather than this scum-sucking company.
Bank with a credit union http://www.moveyourmoneyproject.org/
Avoid uwcu if you can.
My main complaint is that their technology is about a decade old.
However, uwcu does not have this basic feature.
In addition, some of the staff that i dealt with at the branch on the capitol square have been unprofessional.
One teller i have dealt with multiple times makes off color jokes i do not find amusing.
I would for sure give this place and their employees a negative rating.
Do not go to this place.
They are for sure people of walmart.
None of these people know what the fuck they are doing.
No accountability for anything!!!!!!
Even though it was not our fault.
It was clearly their fault.
But they are a bunch of fucking idiots that, combined, don't have an iq of a wet noodle.
They talk to you like they haven't a clue and just keep repeating the same bullshit over and over.
Which to a logical person should make sense, but not them.
The left hand does not know what the right hand is doing!!!
One employee tells you one thing and next tells you something completely different.
In less than a month, i have closed out my accounts there.
I wouldn't wipe my ass with their ridiculous policies that they think they might know.
Except they don't know shit!!!!!!!!!!
Do fucking bank here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Drive thru stays open from 7:30am-6pm lobby from 9a-5:30/6p.
Decent customer service in the lobby.
Bank of america never has enough tellers working.
At this location or any other location in the area, and i've tried them all.
If you actually have to ever go in the branch, which i do, this is not the bank for you.
They normally have 1, maybe 2 tellers working, a line of 5-10 customers, and a wait of 15-20 minutes.
It's like that 80% of the time, any time of the day.
Some times you get lucky, mostly you don't.
I went yesterday and their system was down.
Ok, fine, i'll go back tomorrow ... and today there were 9 people in line.
Ok, so i guess i'll try some other time, because i don't have time or patience to wait.
It's like that most of the time.
Just a constant aggravation.
This credit card company is the worst to work with, you can't get anything done with them.
Takes 45mnt for a manager to answer the phone call and they still can't help you.
Long lines and very busy store.
One of the busiest branches i've been.
Only 2-3 employees but lots of customers.
Workers were nice though.
I wouldn't come back again due to the business of their store.
It's a pretty clean store.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
I'll recommend one nevada credit union to my friends and family.
Wonderful staff, excellent customer service.
Would have given 5 stars but the parking lot is a disaster.
Even if u go real slow you risk doing injury to your under carriage.
I have used title loan companies in the past and not with the greatest experience.
They gave me the amount i was looking for and a dynamite interest rate!
The lines are always so long!
They are so understaffed here it's ridiculous.
Please hire more tellers to meet the needs of your customers.
4 out of 11 teller stations open.
A solid 45 minute wait.
No real sense of urgency.
I had to choose one star to have the ability to post this review.
I got a 1.99% auto refinance offer in the mail so i thought i would check it out.
Teresa, got me all set up in just a couple of hours.
They were all very nice, fast and efficient.
I since financed my new used car at the same 1.99%.
This time esther assisted me, also an excellent professional.
The best the dealer would do was 4.65%.
I hope to move all my banking there as soon as possible.
Alright, so i am reposting this review with a total 180 from the original i wrote.
So yet again the people of arizona federal credit union have come through and really helped me.
The tellers are usually very polite, but my complaint is with management.
I asked for a fee to be waived because of my account balance.
I understand certain rules, but my account currently has the necessary balance for the fee to be waived.
In my opinion, that is awful customer service and could have easily been taken care of by the manager.
I will be closing my account.
And there's never a bat of an eyelash at the inconvenience.
I hope it wasn't concerning something important because she just let it drop--not really professional if you ask me...
Screw tangerine, they just lost a good costumer.
This particular branch closes at 4.
Also the drive up wait time is 10-20 minutes no matter when you go.
It is in a more industrial part of town.
Also half the time the drive up is closed because of someone driving off with the canister!
I recommend this branch in emergency banking purposes only
Their drive through atm never works.
I am on hold with customer service again and this is my first payment.
I only got this card for my sons use.
I simply opened a letter with a credit card offer and logged in and the card was sent.
So i came home attempted to log into my account but couldn't so i called on a saturday "closed".
Ok, first i was never sent a statement.
I was not at 30 days since first use of card.
I couldn't access to make a payment.
I couldn't reach anyone on a weekend to discuss payment options.
Now this brings me to this current time as i am typing this...
Anyways another east indian tells me that i can't access my account until i provide verification from my bank?
I asked for what and he replied to open my account again.
I said i don't understand i need to access my account to make payments, watch activity, etc.
Again, you need to send verification from your bank that you made a payment.
He said not until you mail in your verification from the bank.
So here is the good part, ok i want to close my account!
He says it's already closed!
I asked so do you mean to tell me i have no further action to close my account permanently?
I am waiting to speak to a supervisor 33 mins and still holding.
Run, run, run as people say.
Close your account and stop the bleeding.
Ok, 36 mins in and the call was disconnected.
Thinking about joining again, i googled tscu, which didn't come up in search results.
Then i found this: tscu becomes landings credit union nov. 1,  2013 http://www.cutimes.com/2013/09/16/tempe-schools-credit-union-becomes-landings-credit
This is not what i agreed to and refused to activate card.
He told me it was my fault and i accepted the wrong offer.
I immediately requested the card not be activated unless agreed terms were met.
My aunt was a customer here.
All the folks at busey from the folks on the main floor to the investment staff were absolutely wonderful.
They helped us through a very difficult time and kept us informed of the next steps to take.
After more than 50 years dealing with banks, this was a stellar experience.
Went to this bofa in anthem this afternoon to get out cash, during my work day.
2 women were working the walk in line.
When i arrived, there were 7 people in front of me.
They went through the line as fast as they could, took about 15-20 mins.
Took all 7 people in front of me, without stopping in between for anything.
So i say "actually, i think i'll just go somewhere else, as neither of you clearly want to help me."
Bank of america your service is lousy in most locations, especially the nicer ones.
Nicer the area, ruder the customer service is.
This card is a scam.
Got a bill in the mail before i even received my card.
Their fees are insane.
You are better off using a secured card to rebuild credit.
I use a capitol one card and they are awesome
Atm is always jacked up.
So, one waits in line to then realize that they just wasted their time.
Employees say "we don't control the atm's".
Really, well then who does?
So, then i try the drive thru.
Well, they don't staff the drive thru.
Be prepared to wait for somebody to show up and then they run to china with your deposit.
Eventually, they come back because your deposit goes in the line of everybody else waiting in the branch.
A drive thru transaction takes about 20-30 minutes.
Then, if you happen to call the branch, nobody answers the phone.
When, i have asked why??
Their dumb employees respond "we are busy with other customers".
When i have asked for the manager, ashley, well, she isn't there (imagine that).
I have left 2 messages for her....still waiting for the return call.
A train wreck, bank elsewhere.
Friendly staff, usually not too long a line.
Tip, this is where you come to purchase foreign currency.
They also need to have a business line open more than just twice a week.
Uwcu is the best credit union ever!!
I tried to find a credit union that even comes close to uwcu, and it was such a fail.
The customer service and financial planning services are phenomenal.
I love you guys!
Cardinal financial company  led me to believe that they could refinance my home.
Even though i told them that another company appraised my home and told me it couldn't be refinanced.
So i paid for another appraisal and the report came back again not in my favor.
They said that i couldn't be refinanced.
Now i'm out the appraisal fee and i feel like i was lied to.
Buyers beware, and new home owners beware.
Terrible service here...under staffed on what seems to be common sense busy days  ...friday and saturday.
One teller at window
I can't give any too big to fail institution more than two stars and, frankly, that's plenty generous.
This is just a branch in a bad fry's.
Nothing to see here anyways.
I just moved here from california and b of a is just as bad in arizona as in california.
Usually there is only one teller with a line of at least 3-5 customers.
I always have to wait.
Hands down much better then b of a so i closed that account and moved everything to wf.
I have been using tscu for about 8-years now (and i'm not a teacher).
Nice folks, fair deals, and a really nice office right on mill.
They don't have much in the way of online banking yet (bill pay).
I much prefer dealing with these guys over the big corporate banks.
If you live in tempe i would sugggest you stop by and see what they have to offer.
I will be closing my account.
Be careful if you live pay check to paycheck or happen to go overdrawn.
Had paypal stuff go through the same day as getting paid and went negative $25.
I would be ok paying an overdraft fee- i messed up.
Switching to an online only bank.
Ffl has been around for a hundred years or something right here in lakewood.
A nice community bank that has all the bells and whistles of the major banks without the sterile, major-bank feel.
When we were shopping around for mortgages last year, they were far and away offering us the best deal.
The safe deposit box lady is always pleasant and remembers us when we come in.
A great bank i'd recommend to anyone.
If you're looking for a new bank and you live on the west side, you really should check them out.
Like being treated like crap by there automated phone system because your member number is incorrect (when it's not)?
And then they interogate you for some more information on the account to see if your the owner or not.
I've been meaning to write this review for awhile now.
Back in february i had some issues with a wire payment.
I had originally gone to this branch to do the wire because i was going to be in the area.
After the wire was done, it didn't go through, the recipient didn't receive it.
Upon my second visit, i was directed to the manager of customer service.
She said she had called the number on file several times and left messages.
Although, i felt embarrassed, i really appreciate what she had done for me.
She also updated my information.
I really appreciate the extra effort.
One of the best service i've had with personal banker, pranay naidu.
Friendly, courteous, professional and most helpful.
A great start to my day and business.
I had never been part of a credit union before.
Kyndra made it a quick and easy process to open a checking account.
There's this really just gorgeous girl that works here.
She really nice & remembered some detail of me after i went once before....but she didn't text me back.
(if you see this peep your dms)
My previous visits were to the drive up atm, today was my first time stepping inside.
I had to go inside because i received notification of possible fraudulent charges on my debit card.
I was freaking out when i got there, and walked in looking like a deer in headlights.
I was quickly greeted by edwin (member solutions representative) and he listened to my plight.
He said the pending charge should fall off, but i could contact him if there were any issues.
He took my no longer useful card and said he could not provide a replacement larry fitzgerald card.
I see the same faces every week yet i continue to have issues.
I've been with bb&t for 4 years and i'm now considering changing who i bank with.
Small, cramped location just off of eastern and serene.
I used to make deposits here using the shared branching, but they recently discontinued that.
Most of the tellers i encountered were pleasant.
Visit on 12/30/16 at around 2pm.
Staff at this location is poorly trained.
Going to the bank should never be comparable to the dmv and this one was worse than that.
The bank was busy during our visit and they only had one person at the window.
Always wanting to charge an annual fee of $8.25 monthly.
They leave me no other choice but to cancel my card with them.
They lost another good customer due bad management !!
I waited for 20 minutes to ask one question and no one helped me, so i got in line...big mistake!
And by the way...why does it take 2 people to shadow over one teller?
You've got people literally just standing around.
Supervisors you might say, they need to be doing more than just overseeing people by standing there.
Supervisors need to open up another teller.
This is a reoccurring thing with this bank.
If you come here, clear your schedule.
It's like the damn dmv in here.
I use this branch a lot for shared branching transactions.
They are the best!
Fast, friendly and all around great service.
I have never had a poor experience and i'm glad to have the availability of this financial institution.
Their online "my portfolio" is the best in the business.
All other banks request switching but none can compare to bofa online.. and they know it.
I have only one negative comment.
Overall, i like banking with them.
I desperately wish they would update the atm's to post cash deposits immediately to your account.
I often don't leave the office until after 6:00pm and it is an inconvenience.
Most of the staff is friendly and i love that they've extended to saturday operations.
Lauren is always patient with me and been so helpful !!!
All other serivce are fast too !
Ohhh man i got an auto loan from this company and it was pretty much down hill from day one.
First it took me a month to open a checking account to be able to pay the car loan online.
They kept giving conflicting information over a two week period.
By the end of the month i had two checking accounts and two savings accounts.
It took a manager to clean up that mess.
So after that headache 9 months later i transferred money into the credit union from the credit union website.
It was fairly obvious they outsource this function to a less than reputable company they don't actually control.
The lying was the tipping point for me.
I borrowed money to pay off the car loan just to get out of there.
It was not worth the headache save yourself.
They were the first company that had given me a card with a limit of $300.
Paid them on time and my credit was increased to $750 in a matter of months.
If my payment is so excellent like they said, why must i pay them to increase my limit?
I had paid a fee once to increase, and it was $14.95.
I am already paying them a annual fee and i have a high interest rate too!
I had applied for discover and i was granted a $6500 credit limit!
I want to cancel my credit one, but it will affect my score.
From nj and i needed to find a bank that was local.
I researched many banks (and their programs) and couldn't decide between wells fargo and bank of america.
After reading reviews (and seeing which  services were best) i decided to go with boa and i'm glad i did.
I definitely recommend this location to set up any accounts.
The facility is clean and the people are extremely helpful and friendly.
You are greeted by someone as soon as you walk into the building.
My bank advisor was vondrelle.
Very pleasant and knowledgeable.
I have received fantastic treatment from this credit union.
Place is a joke.
You really have the pick of the litter at retail prices for used items.
Ex: gopro session used for $149.99?
Also, offered me $5 for a club worth $59.99 on ebay.
I would've taken $12-$15.
Wouldn't give this pawn shop my business nor recommend.
Don't waste your time.
They cut hours here and now there is only one teller at a time.
Even during the busiest hours.
I've sat here for 45-60 mins.
I have to stand in the line to do deposits for work or else i'd go elsewhere.
This is rediculous and needs to be changed.
I've seen this line out the door!
Undivided attention, friendly conversations, common-sensical money handling practice are things the tellers at this chase branch do not have.
I should've just gone to the machine.
It would have given me a better experience.
The teller here certainly don't understand this elementary point of customer service.
I felt like i needed to apologize for interrupting their conversation.
Working on a saturday must have been terrible because the teller here had the worst attitude.
Again, she was probably annoyed because i interrupted her conversation with her neighbor teller.
What's more mind-blowing is the fact that my teller took the money out of my sight to count.
I think it's common sense to count the cash received from the customer in front of that customer.
This ensures that there is no question as to how the money is handled/counted.
She ostensibly got offended because i made her feel like she was stealing my money.
But is it not common sense to wanting the cash to stay in my sight the entire time?
I rarely use the banking center as everything nowadays is conducted online.
But i am appalled by this terrible experience.
Maybe i should have just stayed with the machine.
You probably should too.
I suggest staying far away from this credit union i wish i would have.
I have arizona federal and i have had absolutely no issues at all!!!!
Credit one bank will not give credit to anybody with average or above average credit.
Its bad credit people only.
Yes - you will get a written denial that your credit is too good if you are average credit.
Credit one bank only deals with risky people.
For that reason they charge a lot of fees.
Once you understand this it's easier to accept them for what they are.
In my case i am very happy with them.
Back when i could not get any kind of a store card they gave me a chance.
Because of credit one now i have better cards and for that i'm very thankful!
I closed the card immediately.
I have been with ssscu for about 7 years.
They were good to me over the years...until recently.
I financed my car through ssscu last year.
My payment was about $170 per month, but after a couple of months my payment jumped to about $270.
This was completely false.
I have recently opened an account at another financial institution and will be transferring my loan asap.
Thank you adrian esparza, he is a personal banker in this branch.
Today you serve us very well.
I closed my account.
#divest #nodapl #divest #nodapl #divest #nodapl #divest #nodapl
I'm only giving one star for this bank because i like afcu just not this location!
You know that thing called customer service?
It must the intern location because they are no good / go to 44th st and van buren location.
Way better customer service
Clark howard recommends credit unions over banks.
However i would not recommend this credit union over most banks.
My problems with them:  1) they charge you $3/month to each and every member, no matter what.
With my current bank, all monthly fees are waived since i have direct deposit.
Not so with azfcu.
2) after seven atm withdrawals in a month, you're charged a hefty fee for each additional atm transaction.
I get home and what do i find?
Fees out the wazoo.
My current bank has no such limit.
3) their loan rates are noncompetitive.
Even as a member i was always able to get better loan rates at other banks.
And i'm talking a couple of house refis, a home equity line of credit, and a car loan.
I always did better going outside the credit union.
Maybe clark howard has other credit unions in mind when he recommends them over the "big monster mega-banks."
This isn't one of them.
Really bad experience and customer service.
So when i get there, they had no idea that i was coming.
They had nothing ready for me.
By that time it's been like 30 min already.
She brings the check them said that they forgot to stamp it.
Another 30 min go by just for a damn stamp.
Not one sorry we get from her!!
Overall really bad customer service and experience.
If i can give them 0 stars i would.
They are reporting an account on my husband's credit report that is not his.
We will be contacting the state attorney in nevada regarding their practices.
This is my regular neighbourhood td bank - pros:  easily accessible, decent hours cons:  that there are security guards often.
But the people who work there are nice, in case you want to need to talk to them.
The lines are sometimes long, but that's how it is at a bank.
Overall, this location does the job.
Don't sign up for this card.
They will charge you a fee for opening the card.
They will charge you a fee for authorized user.
They will charge you a fee for the "premium design" of the card itself.
And, they will charge you a fee to pay the fees online!
I would give them zero stars if i could!
Just your average chase bank with your average chase employees.
Don't expect an life changing experience, but i've never had any problems here.
It really is strictly business for me here.
Not a big deal going on here but i always come back.
When i arrived 12 minutes ago, there were 18 people ahead of me.
Still only 2 windows open and it's not even lunch time.
The service at this bank just keeps getting worse.
Definitely the worse banking experience available.
I've never been a td bank fan but this is not a td issue, this is a management issue.
As a long time resident in the area i can see what has gone wrong here.
If you think this is good for you than you have not done your homework.
They don't tell you they do this or what it means.
When your mortgage comes up for renewal, get as far away as you can from td.
Friendly and goes the extra mile.. my favorite bank and my favorite location
Staff is always friendly and ready to help!
Always looking out for anything they may be able to help with!
This place is truly great!
I've had my auto, life and renters insurance here for 13 years now and i will never leave.
Anytime i've called the office everyone is so nice and helpful and prompt when answering my questions.
I value great service wherever i go and this office gives just that, genuine great service.
I purchased a car from carmax.
One nevada credit union green valley branch financed the loan.
I was amazed that the speed my loan processed.
When i arrived teresa popp processed the paperwork and explained the terms very clearly to me.
The service at this branch was outstanding.
Everyone was smiling and jovial.
I felt comfortable and confident with one nevada credit union.
Green valley branch is awsome!
We are closing our accounts and taking our business elsewhere.
Took hours on the phone to sort it out.
Allowing customers to balance account at the teller.
15 minutes to do a simple deposit when they have 10 people in the line
I wanted to reestablish my credit score and this card was perfect.
I knew exactly what i was doing.
I am very satisfied with this bank.
Who cares its only a deposit!
Dont ask me if its my account who cares i am putting money in not out.
This is one of the worst credit unions i have ever encountered!
They have ridiculous fees, horrible penalties, and poor customer service.
This credit union is as greedy as the big banks.
Save yourself the heartache and stay away.
We have 2 car loans through this credit union.
We receive one statement for both loans.
I started paying both loans by mailing a check.
This was a bad idea.
Even though they had a copy of the statement, they applied both payments to only one of the car loans.
So i had to change the way i pay.
Then i mailed 2 separate checks.
This was a bad idea, they still misapplied the payments.
Then i paid through my bank.
This was a bad idea.
If i paid on the same day, the payments still got misapplied.
Then i paid on separate days through my bank.
They do not send a letter to you if you are past due, even if it is not your fault.
But they will turn you into the credit agencies.
They leave you a message but do not tell you what it is about.
But if i would receive a letter, knowing what the reason is, i would contact them.
This is one of the worst decisions we made by having our loan with this credit union.
I have never dealt with a more incompetent account's receivable department than this credit union has to offer.
I would not recommend them to anyone.
I would rate them a zero, but you have to pick one of the stars shown above.
1st chase i've been to where it was just an awkward cold experience.
I felt like she was starring into my soul.
Then said directed me to the phone number on the back of my debit card.
I thought that was interesting.
Just a weird experience.
I'll stick to my home branch and avoid this one.
But posted a listing in craig's list.
Miss leading to say the least.
Selling something not complete and letting you think so, is not good.
Never going back here.
Small branch in the heart of cotswold.
Stopped by to grab some cash from the atm.
The atm is outside the branch right before the door.
There is lots of parking and it very easy to access this branch.
Didn't interact with of the employees however i'm really enjoying having an account with sun trust.
I do not recommend this card to anybody .
I do not wished anyone to get this card do not i repeat  do not  get this card.
This is one of my favorite banks in the las vegas area.
The people here are super friendly and they get the job done!
It all started when i had fraud on my account.
Apparently some thief stole my checks and decided to go on a shopping spree and use my checking account.
I highly recommend this establishment .
The rules change at every new managers whim and they will do nothing to help you grow your business.
20 minutes later your're free to leave with your receipt.
Getting them to do a batch deposit is a nightmare!
If you want a better banking experience for your business, go to chase.
We're glad we moved and are done with the daily drama of banking at dsfcu.
He was quick, efficient and friendly.
Thanks to eric, it was a painless transaction and we are on the way.
I have my auto loan here.
This place is gotta be one if not the worst place to recieve a decent service.
Are they short staffed all the time or what ?
So far everytime i make a payment- in the branch or on the phone.
I waited for about an hour to make a payment.
I was on hold for 33 minutes to make a payment.
If it wasnt for my car loan, i will never ever attempt to put any penny at this place.
Believe me.. do not bank this place you will regret it.
I've been a customer of uwcu for almost a year and have been very satisfied with the service.
The branches are conviently located and the staff is always super friendly.
The website is ok but it often seems to be quite slow to load.
Rough location to get out of, rainbow is usually a mess right there.
I encountered a problem were my funds with suntrust were placed on hold.
Another bank would not verify a check i had written on my account with the other bank.
It was frustrating and disappointing.
I meet with the manager at suntrust cotswold branch.
Not only did she get it corrected within a couple of hours, she personally called me to tell me so.
The waiting time is ridiculous, i have to wait 40 minutes to get cash!!
I will never be back at this location bad service!
My experience with credit one bank has been terrible.
Their customer service is terrible.
They can't understand english.
I canceled my account.
My real estate agent recommended erik when my initial lender was stressing me out.
Erik and his team made all that stress go away.
He explained the entire process  in detail and was there to explain again when i had questions.
He and his team  kept in contact with me from start to finish.
I highly recommend erik to anyone  looking for a stress-free mortgage process!
I was never a fan of chase bank when they bought out washington mutual.
I was a long time customer at washington mutual and loved the service i always got with them.
The thought of going to a large bank had me leary.
When i moved to las vegas and opened my business i went to set up a business account.
Got me all set up in no time and was very informative.
Just the type of service i love.
The tellers are all friendly and helpful.
I have had nothing but a good experience from this branch of chase.
I thought about this review for a long time because i wanted to be fair and rational.
They often call me on my cellular phone and leave messages to call them back with no subject whatsoever.
Therefore, one would believe your account has a fraudulent attack on it - but that is not the case.
If it wasn't a hassle to return to wells fargo then i would do it in a second.
Overall, my experience with us bank has been in most ways less enjoyable and less convenient then with wells fargo.
I just feel that i am working with the second-place team.
I especially like how the parking is close to the building, although it can be a narrow squeeze.
Tellers have always been helpful and personable.
I went in on a whim just to see what kind of merchandise they had in.
As someone in customer service this appalls me to no end.
The stars are for the merchandise but pawn 1st you get zero stars your total disregard for customer service.
Been there for years, now have a $5.00 a month fee for having a saving account.
Pulling my money and taking it elsewhere.
I came in to the bank for a quick withdrawal.
Inez was my teller and she was super awesome and so friendly!
She made my transaction quick and pleasant!
They have really nice staff and seem very flexible.
I was livid by that and the unprofessionalism.
But i got a what felt semi like a heartfelt apology from a lady in the office.
Besides that it was a pleasant experience.
Credit one has relentlessly been spamming my email account since 2016.
I have unsubscribed countless times, i have filed 2 bbb complaints against them for the spamming.
I have tried to get the nevada state attorney general's office involved to get them to stop.
Lately i have resorted to trying to contact their employee's via linkedin and facebook.
Contacting the bank directly is impossible.
They do not publish numbers to their offices.
I have been fighting with them for over 2 years now to stop flooding my email.
At times they or their 3rd parties slam my email all day minutes apart.
This has gone way past willful violation of us can spam laws.
This company is blatantly defying us can spam laws and flat out refuses to stop spamming me.
This is the slowest bank of america i have ever been to.
Hire more employees and stop being cheap...
Not all wells fargo's are created equal!
This is by far the best wf branch i've banked with.
Honestly, i feel a little spoiled here - everyone is so nice and accommodating.
This week, i received excellent customer service from mr. hernandez.
My mom and i went in today for some help to change some account numbers due to a fraud situation.
Dennae helped get everything sorted out and really went way above and beyond all expectations!
Nice enough employees only there is never enough of them.
Today there were like 8 employees walking around but only two tellers.
Stood in line 15 mins to make a deposit.
Go to other branches, avoid this one
Do yourself a favor and us any other bank, but not this one!!!
Relationship manager- anwar jan is the worst ever!!!
She definitely needs to have hr notified and sent to charm school.
Don't know how she was given this job title?!?!
The bank must really be scrapping the bottom of the barrel with this choice for the position!!
Their customer service is horrible.
I really hate when companies hire indian call center reps.
The guy on the phone had an accent so bad that i could hardly comprehend him.
I was having a hard time logging into my account online.
I had tried everything.
When i tried to explain that id already tried that, he'd interrupt me like i was stupid or something.
I'm pretty sure it was because i'm a woman and he's a "man".
Of course i'm supposed to bow down and let him talk to me condescendingly.
So i snapped and demanded to talk to someone else, preferably someone who i could comprehend.
That new guy listened and had my problem fixed in 5 mins.
Worst credit card ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I guess im saying they r scammers they want the 9.95 over the phone fee or the $30 late fee
Great service, at a great bank!
This branch is inside safeway.
Any day, or any time i have performed business here, i've always experienced prompt exceptional courteous service.
I have never had to wait for more than one minute.
If there was one teller, they would promptly add another, immediately.
All the personnel employed here are very kind, generous, respectful, have a pristine appearance, and are very knowledgeable.
This is the best bank by far, of any others in the valley!
It's a very tiny branch, too!
I recently moved from mi to az and purchased a home in anthem.
I had two accounts in mi, one citizen bank and the other chase.
So i immediately went online to transfer the funds from citizen bank to my chase account.
That left mandy to help everyone waiting.
I asked to talk to the manager (shawn); but he was already tied up with another customer.
All the while the wonderful manager shawn was involved.
Their personal and professional approach will make me a lifetime, loyal chase bank customer.
Thank you mandy and shawn and thank you chase bank!
I was able to close on time and have now lived in my new home for six weeks.
Jay at pawn 1st was very helpful and tried to give the best deal.
He had great customer service.
I had a wonderful experience in cccu!
Dennae opened up a savings and checking account for me; she made the process incredibly easy and pleasant!
A few days after my visit she send me a thank you note which was such a nice surprise!
Definitely giving this place 5 stars for the attentive staff and such a welcoming environment :)  thank you dennae!
Very easy group to deal with and made my loan and subsequent home buying process extremely efficient.
This branch was on my list to open a business checking account since they were close to home.
Spoken to a couple agents and they were not well trained at all.
One didn't even know what a foreign llc was (which is what my company is registered as).
Immediately took my business elsewhere.
Why is this bank even still open?
It could really make a nice steakhouse.
At least it would be more functional.
There is 10 people in line behind me and one teller.
Not great for customer service.
Often when i come here the manager is walking around pushing online services.
Something i agree with.
Everyone go online and never step foot in this place.
Unable to register at website.
Customer service is horrible and talking with someone is a bear and you feel like you are ruining their day.
For being a "community" credit union, they have the behaviors of a big bank.
I had not heard of this credit union until my auto loan was picked up by them.
I am sorry i did.
I have zero interest in giving them more business.
Not pleased with this branch at all.
I can cash those checks come back and they would issue me one?
How is that logical?
All they did is piss me off to the point i won't come to this branch.
The customer service is bad here.
The teller was helping me is maddie.
Her name sounds like her face & her personality i bet.
She wasn't happy to help me because i came to interrupt her browsing on her phone.
She threw the card at me really rude.
She needs to have better attitude in customer service!
If your time is valuable for you don't get close to this branch.
(and don't even try to get help from melissa, the branch manager).
They have the worst customer service.
Their stories never match up always running you around in circles.
I recommend using another branch.
By far the worst service i've seen in 15yrs.
This bank held my $2500 check for an entire week.
Goodbye desert financial, you're a joke.
Opening new usaa bank account.
Don't know what kind of mickey mouse outfit this is.
Had to finance a new car loan through them.
Otherwise, i would have never even known they existed.
Right after the purchase, i called to verify that we would be receiving monthly bills.
The first operator told me that no, we'd only get quarterly statements.
We hadn't received anything, but we went ahead and made our payment two weeks prior to due date.
Never received a bill, either.
Anyhow, money was never taken out of our account and guess what?
They are showing our account as delinquent.
I can't wait to get an explanation for this one.
I couldn't be more pleased with the customer service i have received at this particular branch.
Always in good moods.
I would highly recommend banking here !
I banking with chase and it's the best bank in the us.
But this branch always have a big line and not enough tellers.
I was talking with one of the managers but there is nothing they can really do about it i guess.
Now on top of that the atm stop working....  my advice go to anther branch if you can !
Fast service and very pleasant experience.
Came in to do a cash advance.
Line was short little to no wait.
Asked my questions and the rep was very helpful with a pleasant demeanor.
Would recommend this branch.
Love the fact that they're open until 6pm on weekdays.
If i could give -5 stars i would.
This is the worst, least customer service oriented corporation i have ever worked with in my life.
A rundown:  started an account and wanted a higher interest rate so i chose a market rate savings account.
The bank manager set me up with over-draft protection and i went home happy.
Got an over-draft fee.
Called the customer service number.
Received a notice in the mail (from boa i thought) saying that there had been a lawsuit for over-draft fees.
Called the customer service number again.
Spoke with an agent who cheerfully remarked "oh, that's silly that your account isn't set up for over-draft protection.
Let me take care of that" and refunded me the fees.
Got an over-draft charge.
Called and explained that i had been told by a rep that my account was eligible for over-draft protection.
Worst bank in the whole wide world.
Seriously they are incompetent in every way.
I am a loan office and an mba.
It would do the country a great service is these guys went out of business.
Their rates are high, their loan approvals very low.
Don't waist your time with them they make you feel like your the lender and they are your customer.
Go with anyone out but silver state trust me!
I cannot believe that it is serviced by people who leave it in its present condition.
It has never seen a cleaning cloth or any sort of cleaning product.
This branch is clueless.
The manager should be fired she is incompetent and a lousy communicator.
I have never seen such poor customer service before.
They hold your funds, don't tell you.
Manager has her staff talk to you, even when situations have been escalated to her.
I have been with us bank for over 15 years and am in the process of closing out my accounts.
Even corporate doesn't get back with you.
You've been warned 9/18/2018 i received a call today from a district manager named matt.
What a total joke.
He seemed to just brush the problem away.
Never got my side of the story.
He said he contacted the staff at the safeway, ray road branch.
He said he straightened it all out.
Then he tells me the clear title to my sold rv will be held up to 10 more days.
The purchaser, paid $100000 by cashier checks and the total sale was $120000.00.
Payments made at the safeway ray road branch.
Now we have to wait for another 10 days to get a free title.
I live in arizona and the purchaser lives in seattle washington.
Put yourself in his position.
And it will be over 3 weeks for him to get the title and the rv.
I have requested that a call once again be made to the new owner to explain the latest disappointment.
Now i have to keep insurance and storage on rv until the customer can come get it.
Us bank should be held liable to pay all fees for their mistake.
I have contacted channel 15 and joe ducey for his help with this matter.
Furthermore, i am closing out all my business and personal accounts and going to a bank who communicates.
This branch is slow poorly managed and under staffed.
One teller in the middle of the day.
Go to a different bank
After being approved, i was mailed the card.
Minimum limit, although i have other cards.
Initially, i thought it was a capital one invitation.
Had i realized it was not, i would have further researched this company and passed.
I did not receive a statement.
Called the number and was told i would be charged an additional $9.95 to make payment.
I did not approve that.
I would wait and mail a check...they were going to cut the payment fee in half...again, no thank you.
They waived the fee.
Then the rep insisted, said we were going to up my payment by $25.00.
I have been on the phone and wasted more than 25 minutes just to make a simple payment.
They offered me my first card following my divorce...!
And it looks pretty good on me, i would say give it a go!
In my personal opion, i would say...
Think twice about this company.
If you can afford all their fees, put your money away and get a prepaid credit card from your bank.
It's your money and you can rebuild your credit, with no outrageous fees!!
Their fees are very high...there are other cards with more moderate fees, better customer service and reputation.
Customer service is contracted in india, ( not a bad thing, but come on, if your an american company.
Outsourcing customer service is pretty low.
Even directv discontinued outsourcing after years of problems and complaints.
Reps are hard to understand, and that's just a fact, not an opinion.
I'm not calling this out as a bias, i had to ask a few times to have something repeated.
There was never once in my conversation a "thank you, excuse me, or how can i help you...?"
That goes a long way with me.
I will not use this card any longer.
Thanks, but no thanks.
- feb 09, 2014
Not enough tellers by far.
No one seems to care.
Avoid at all costs.
My husband and i have accounts here- he used to work for b of a, for 14 years.
This is the location where we have done the most business, since it's down the street from our home.
Though there are many people here, we seem to get out of here pretty fast.
The tellers are protected by a large wall of plexi-glass btw.
Some of the tellers know my husband and me, since we're regulars.
Eva was really nice- she was personal banker, but we haven't seen her lately.
The inside is a little dated and the floor is very wide open.
Saturdays are open until 1 pm.
The walk up atm is located on the front side, facing sahara avenue.
The drive-thru atms are located in back.
This complaint is not towards this particular location its towards wf as a whole!
Do not bank with this financial institution!!!!
Unless of course you would like to be robbed of your hard earned $$$!
When i heard this i said its definitely time to go!
This has been ongoing for the past 2 years.
There is absolutely no reason why all balances from the start should not be posted properly against the deductions!
Why are balances not posted only deductions???
This is my last day with this rip off financial institution!
I will continue to bank with clark county credit union of which i have never had any issues!
Hope this helps anyone looking for which financial institution to absolutelty stay away from!!!!
My disappointment with this corporate location is they close way too early (4pm) m-f and closed on weekends.
The branch manager marci has not mastered the art of communicating in a clear and concise manner.
She is like a politician.
A customer ask a direct question and she responds with banking rhetoric unrelated to the question asked.
She would not or could not explain the bank transaction processing practices.
She was curt, uninformative and unhelpful.
Worst bank experience ever!
If i could zero stars!!!!
I was transferred to someone who spoke poor, broken english and had a horrible attitute.
I then found out she was in the phillipines.
My red flags went up and i all but refused to give her that information.
I was immediately trasferred to a "supervisor" who gave me the exact same run around.
Exhausted from fighting and understanding that i was virtually getting no where....
I gave them my information but asked for a confrimation email.
He told me he could not do that, only give me a reference number.
At that point i was done.
I am officially done.
Do not waste your time!
This is my bank that i use practically every week.
I usually will grocery shop and then either run through the drive thru or run inside if need be.
I've never had any issues here!
They just upgraded their atm to a brand new machine and it's really nice!
There usually isn't a line here, which is nice.
In all of the years i've been coming here, i've never seen the atm down.
I think this is huge, because most locations have their atms go down every once and a while.
Overall, i highly recommend this location!
Generally one of the better b of a branches w/not as much turnover as most.
Actually remember you & helpful.
Great location but pkg tricky...
It's another lackluster performance and nonexistent customer service from ssscu.
You would be better off at a big box bank.
Shame on me for not learning my lesson yet.
They only have one atm outside and the line is always long.
I doubt i will be back just to withdraw money to wait twenty minutes
Nicest branch i've ever been to!
The customer service at this branch is top notch!
I was helped by giovanni (i hope i spelt that right) and everything went perfectly.
I did a first time check deposit last night and it was cleared when i woke up.
Thank you for a great experience giovanni, you made something i usually would dread into a very positive experience.
Its the small things in life that make your day.
Liars and thieves there are many ethical banks to deal with in metro phoenix --this isn't one of them.
Stay clear--this is my experience with desert schools.
Went in to discuss an auto refinance.
Had great credit -no problems.
They advertise 60 months-that is what i wanted.
Came to an agreement for the 60 month loan and was told the documents would be ready the following day.
Came in the next day to sign and was handed the loan documents and--they had written in 63 months.
I had opened a savings and checking account previously as they required these accounts in place for the loan.
They have been trying to gouge me on fees and penalties ever since.
Without  qualification this is the worst, most unethical financial institution i have ever dealt with.
Will complain to every agency dealing with banking and business.
We have had accounts here (this review is not location specific) for 15+ years.
However in the last 7 years we've started the process of moving our money to other institutions.
One nevada (formerly nevada federal credit union) has begun charging fees that other institutions don't charge.
Particularly other credit unions.
And the service is not as good as it once was.
First, we had a business account with them for and it was always, like other accounts, free.
But then without any warning/notice we had a fee attached to our account.
No explanation was given until we called.
So we moved our business account to another institution.
We now use several other financial institutions some local and some out of state.
None of them charge the fees.
All of them genuinely seem to want our business.
You've got to be kidding i wish i was.
We never step foot in a local branch (save applying for a home loan-- more on that in a minute).
We do all our banking online.
And we have excellent personal and business credit.
Never bounced a check.
Don't owe anyone any money.
Another thing, the phone app hardly works for depositing checks.
Watch out for them.
Lastly, they have a very nonexistent home loan program.
Don't expect prompt service.
Better yet don't expect service.
Because you won't  get service.
When looking to buy and refi we made multiple attempts to do business with what was our primary financial institution.
And only one, very late return phone call.
The call came after we started the closing process on our home.
It came with an apology but that doesn't matter.
It was weeks late.
And it was one return call after multiple calls and emails from us first.
If you are a service member or former service member i suggest usaa.com.
We however do not recommend one nevada for anything they provide.
You can get better, service elsewhere and without all the fees.
I love me some desert schools.
I struggled with banks for the longest time because desert schools did not have a business section.
It's charges for that, it's charges for this-that seems to be the way of the big business banking machine.
I couldn't be more happier!
I constantly and always will refer people to them without even thinking about it.
Update: they did nothing about my issue below not even an apology for their poor service.
My husband and i have been banking here since 2005.
Today we brought in $10,000 in $100 denominations.
Kind of hard to miss count that.
We hand the strapped $10k to the male bank teller.
He asked us the amount and i said $10 thousand to be deposited into checking.
The machine is behind him.
He comes back to us at the counter after running it through the machine and says "it's $9800."
He should have told us it was $9800 before he turned around to run it through the machine.
Had this same scenario not already happened to me personally 2 other times i would have been so angry!
We are closing our accounts asap!
This bank can not be trusted!
Or at the very least they don't do business correctly!
If i could give zero stars, i would.
That is horrible customer service.
This location is horrible.
You cannot trust the accounting department at banner federal credit union.
Those people in accounting are idiots and charge you hidden fees and don't even explain to you why.
Please take your money elsewhere this bank does not deserve their customers!
I wish i could of given zero stars!
I was in tears today and i walked into the branch and left with a smile on my face.
Susan was amazing from the moment i sat down.
She really made me feel comfortable and took care of my situation.
I would say hands down the best banking experience i've ever had.
Before she went home she even called to make sure i was feeling better.
I was completely in shock but also wowed by that personalized customer service.
I'm one happy customer !
You made my day!
This is actually a zero star review but i had to give one star to get to post.
Bait and switch and complete bs.
This is the ultimate elizabeth warren nightmare.....do not subject yourself to being ripped off!
Erik was very professional throughout my time working with him.
He has great communication and kept me updated at all times.
He breaks down all the information making it easy to understand what is happening.
I would definitely use him again and will continue to refer friends and family to him.
Good customer service is a rare thing in this day, and i realize that.
However, expecting to be contacted back when told that you would be contacted back...c'mon!
My wife and i went to this bank, which is between clover and lake wylie, on 49.
We spoke with an employee about a home equity loan.
We were told that we would be contacted back on a day or two.
No phone call ever.
Guess they didn't want our business!
We ended up going to wachovia and they gave us a better deal anyways, and good customer service!
I've been a member for about 3 years and my experiences over these years has worsened.
I pursued answers to why this was happening and filed a case with ncua.
I'm taking my funds elsewhere because this happened again after filing a complaint.
I can no longer trust this credit union and things like this worry me.
Loan sharks would be better to work with!
I have received fantastic treatment from this credit union.
The drive through and indoor lines move quickly and the tellers are knowledgeable.
They are working to anticipate your needs.
This is a direct reflection on the person in charge of the bank.
I'm impressed, so much so that i actually spent 10 minutes to type this review.
Keep up the great work!
This branch has the worst customer service i will never come back or recommend this business to any one .
What kind of bank cant break a hundred dollar bill?
Just absurd that i have to go to a different bank to break a bill
I switched to this bank after having a number of bad experiences with ohio savings bank.
My experiences with this bank were largely good.
They never did anything terribly shady, and their products offered were above-average.
The wait times were never that long, and they had a number of atm's around the cleveland area.
I did not take the offer.
It seemed a bit like lunacy to me.
Moved to henderson in june from az.
She is always answering my emails with a fast reply same with phone calls.
Way better then my az location
On my account and you guys blow it all up in a few short months.
Well i got four more so an account that was ~$200 overdrawn was soon close to $500.
I get an email that said i could call and check my options to fix my account.
What a joke and this guy even yelled at me and started talking to me like a child.
Oh well, that closes the book on 20 years wasted with you guys.
I will never visit this branch again.
So slow-woman teller absolutely useless and the manager wanted to flirt with the security more than listen to my complaint.
I would recommend james on tatum and bell ...
It's worth the drive
I have had enough credit cards to judge and this is by far the worst credit card.
To say the customer service is terrible is an understatement.
It's the same man that answers the phone every time!
They have done nothing to resolve my issues, simply don't listen to what you have to say.
Bill bright mortgage group were extremely helpful in guiding me through the entire process.
Ashley is a sweetheart and still offers her assistance any time i may have a question or concern.
I would definitely use their services again in the future and recommend them to any first time buyers.
They even mailed me a delicious box of brownies as a thanks for doing business with them.
:)  thank you bill and ashley!
Do not use this foreign supported card!
They contacted me about possible credit fraud.
After review i was out of town and charges were hours from my home.
I thought what a great credit card company.
Nope i was wrong.
Every time i called, no matter what time, i got foreign support.
I supplied all necessary information to support that these were not my charges.
They sent me a new card and transferred the bad charges to the new card.
They said it would take 30 -60 days to remove the charges, no problem i was ok.
Hundreds of dollars of charges starting from $3 to $300, after they notified me, were fraudulently charged?
None with my signature?
When i call monday through friday you receive nothing but india based support with rude people.
Thank you credit one for being a dishonest partner to hard working people.
Very bad bank for regular people who need a run of the mill checking account.
This results in my deposits sometimes not actually being credited to my account until several days after they are deposited.
The tellers are also hit or miss.
Beware of this credit card.
They nickel and dime you to death.
Horrible horrible customer service.
T's nearly impossible to get anyone human...they do not even give you the option of talking to a human representative.
In short...stay away at all cost!
This is the worst bofa i have ever been too.
It's in and out!
So rude i would never trust them with my money!!
Rather go to walmart and cash a check!
Bill pay: the one payment i needed them to send, still hasn't arrived five days after the "deliver by date".
They are able to waive the $35 fee, but they wanted me to "give it one more day".
That sounds wonderful- making another trip during my workday to handle something that they didn't handle.
I have been a desert schools member for years, but the disregard of the value of my time is inexcusable.
Once this matter clears up, i will end this relationship.
If you need a home loan i'm not aware of a better option.
Just spent a truly frustrating morning trying to change my password after it stopped working for no discernable reason.
Chatting online with someone.... they directed me to the phone service.
Have been on hold for 40 minutes, after i changed my password successfully and it still didn't work.
Every time i have used the bmo phone system i've had this kind experience.
Some where along the line bmo decided that a 40 minute wait is just fine.
I'm researching credit unions right now.
Every time i've been in there's one teller and there's always a line.
This location should have at least 3 tellers.
They see people are in a rush and they don't even care about their clients.
I had to walk out because of how slow they work.
A competitor said they are never able to close within 30 days but they did on my loan.
The tellers here are great.
Occasionally there is a line.
Otherwise, great "bank" inside of frys.
I absolutely love silver state schools credit union.
They always have the best rates and the best customer service.
When i go to the main branch i always feel important.
Thank you for being the best at what you do!
I just signed up again trying to re-establish my credit and have already made payments.
However once i linked my bank account to make my payments from, there were 2 small deposits that i verified.
I was very surprised today when my account was suspended without letting me know the issue, so i called.
Both my banker and myself were 'what!!!'.
What a way to do business.
Hopefully i can re-establish my credit another way as this place really sucks!
Am so pissed off at this bank!!!
Don't accept any credit from this bank!!!
I made my payments on time and get a call on christmas eve saying i was late on a payment!!!!
I pay my bills on time assholes!!!
Walked right in and up to his desk, asked if he was busy...no sit down he responded.
We talked about some financial scenarios, and i was in and out in no time.
I really love this branch.
You would think that it would be busier, but they always have 4-5 tellers working.
Great job b of a!
Thank you so much to this credit union.
I came in today to up my withdrawal limit.
1 hr to see a teller!!!
There was one 3 people ahead of me.
I have come to dislike bank of america.
This branch like many seem to have minimal tellers and no drive throughs anymore for business customers.
No matter when i come in there is always 10 or more people in line.
I will say the tellers are nice at this location but i hate boa.
I am from out of town.
Had to stop in a visit this location for some banking services.
I am extremely impressed with the level of customer service provided.
I was in and out quickly.
If i ever moved to vegas.
This would be the only branch i went to.
We try coming to this bank at all different times of days on different days and we're always disappointed.
The thing that bothers me the most is they refuse to staff enough tellers for the crowds they get.
Monday's and friday's are usually the busiest days for banks and they only ever have 1 or 2 tellers working.
Can't a personal teller help out at the front to get the line moving if they have no appointments?
Or maybe their atm could make business deposits and large amounts of change.
I've been banking for 45 years and have never experienced such poor customer service.
I wanted to also set up power of attorney on her checking account, but didn't have another 2.5 hours available.
They can have the nicest people here but the wait if absolutely horrible.
I don't know why but absolutely every single bank of america is like that.
I hope they can work on it or just hire more people.
This branch is the best.
They always have the best customer service and the lines or drive through move quickly.
The branch manager and mortgage banker are so super helpful!
Today i was in line for over 20 minutes and there were consistently 9-10 people in line.
Employees were pleasant enough but staff should have been taken from empty desks and put at windows to help out.
There's so friendly at this one as well and very helpful!
3 times in a row while using the drive thru atm i got ripped or mangled bills.
This last visit one of my bills was completely missing one half!
Put some good bills in the damn machine!
I wish i could give this place no stars the customer service sucks ass they're slow and unorganized.
This branch has been very helpful to me and my wife.
I have had two auto and one signature loan with no problems.
We also have used their free notary service many times.
Ms. anna van gelder has counseled us many times on financial questions.
She is very friendly, professional, and thorough.
I recommend this branch to all my friends.
New chase branch, opened in june 2010.
Indoor and drive-up atms.
Been inside once so far to order more checks.
Only got one mini up-sell which i quickly squelched.
And the odor of new carpet and paint is slowly going away.
So far no major issues.
Especially since i adopted a 2nd phone line for them to call instead of my real home number.
The 2nd line has the ringer permanently shut off and no voice mail.
Smaller crdit union, but offers good rates on vehicles avid decent interest in savings.
If you are part of the banner health system i would recommend you open an account.
You'll appreciate their customer service and as an account holder, you become part owner in their operations.
No more shared branching and very rude tellers.
With all the options available for credit unions, i won't be back
What a terrible business.
They don't have many real locations and then they leave trash on your door with door hangers!
I've been with desert schools for years and when we moved i was happy to find this branch.
I've read the other reviews and i've not had had the same experience.
Everyone i've encountered is friendly, respectful and very helpful.
They also have an atm at this location.
So far, i'm very happy with this branch.
I had a very pleasant experience dealing with claudia.
She explained the terms of the loan clearly.
I found the terms to be fair, even lenient considering the horror stories i've heard about regarding car title loans.
Last week i visited this bank to deposit cash in their outside atm.
After inserting nearly $500, the atm took the money, said transaction completed but failed to give me a receipt.
I immediately checked my account and the money had not deposited.
I went inside and spoke with an attendant you confirmed the money did not post.
She was the most genuine and professional individual.
Giving this bank a 5 star not because of their atm, but their exceptional team.
Not impressed with services.
Can't deposit cash into my sons account.
So i get a cashiers check from my bank of america down the road.
Chase still has a hold on cashiers check 3 days later!
Assistant manager ashtin was zero help on the phone and would not give me the name of the branch manager.
The chase customer service line told me to call the branch....  what a run around!
I would never recommend this bank!
Since when can one not deposit cash into an account?
Every time i am here there is a line with at least 10 people and only 2 tellers working.
I enjoy banking with wells fargo.
Their staff is friendly, they have plenty of locations, and they have always treated me well.
This location is convenient for me to stop by when i'm going to the gym.
It has a drive-thru and a couple of atms on the exterior near the front door.
The bank is always clean and the people at this location always greet me with a smile.
As long as i have money in the bank.
I'm guessing because the concept of customer service is foreign to them.
There is a happy ending nonetheless.
Many thanks to bank of america for waiving there fees and cashing this check like the professionals they are.
Sed poche is a criminal in a business suit.
Quite honestly one of the rudest unprofessional insurance offices you can find in vegas.
Sed poche is personally the cancer of his own office.
Absolutly 100% fact i saved over 2k a year switching to a different agency.
I wont even say which one to avoid sounding like a paid review.
Summed up dont do business with this office.
If you like state farm go elsewhere.
Trust me it will save you headaches, time, and money.
I received an email today to congratulate me on my credit increase!
A credit increase after only 90 days!
Thank you credit one!
I am ready to pull all my money from the bank due to my interaction today.
I'm sure they are as irritated as i was after waiting 20 minutes!
According to the manager the line is like that all day.
Great location in boca park.
My go-to chase when i'm staying at the suncoast.
Place is rarely busy, which is nice.
Large interior with two atms inside.
Stopped her to cash a check.
I won't repeat what others are saying about the long lines.
4 tellers were on duty 4/4/16.
My wait was 20 minutes.
I wanted to get some new 20 dollar bills  and was told they only get new paper money at christmas.
The teller says "you want some pretty 20's"?
So she picked the best ones from her stack.
I find this inappropriate to address a customer as hon or honey for that matter.
I don't care what part of the country you are from.
She must need additional training.
This is for desert schools in general.
This credit union is more like a big bank.
Wish i had never opened an account here.
They have taken so much of my money and now it is a nightmare just trying to close my account.
I loaaaatthheee you desert schools!
Worst credit card company.
As a multiple card holder make they are by far the rudest.
On many occasions they call for payment when its just the day after due.
One time i purposely did not make a payment right away just to see how many times they would call.
Well 26 times in three days.
And even after i made payment they called two more times.
Time to close this account.
Poor choice on my part.
Should have never opened this one.
I've had a riverset/pittsburgh teacher's credit savings account since i was a child.
I like the personal feel that a credit union offers over a bigger banking institution.
I also like the competitive auto and home equity rates they offer to members.
At christmas time they offer a skip a payment which is great around the holidays.
I no longer use bank of america and yet they are soliciting my business.
That's normal you may think, but listen up.
I received personal banking info of a bank of america customer in my post office box for years.
I opened one by mistake but lucky for that person, i'm honest.
I took the mail to bank of america and told them about the problem.
I spent much personal time on many occasions to bring it to their attention.
Months and months pass by and i still received the bank statements.
I had to close down the p.o.box to solve issue.
Hope the next person that gets these bank statements is honest as well.
Prolific is exceptional at one thing and only one thing.
Every month, they will charge you more and have no explanation for the costs.
Otherwise, run like hell.
Last friday the drive up atm was not working.
Not good right before a holiday and the closest bank to the entrance to the 101.
Needed to get cash out of the atm, so i went inside to the atm near the door.
All was ok there, a bit of a line, but in truth that was expected.
What shocked me was there was no teller inside.
They park parks in those lanes to avoid confusion.
With the lack of tellers, where is the personal touch?
Not liking this at all.
Machines are great and all, but people need jobs and many prefer the personal interaction.
Never returned my calls.
The manager stephanie is rude and lazy.
I love  us bank.
Had to go to another branch to have something done that stephanie claimed she couldn't do.
Worries me when people like this handle my personal info.
All the other branches 5stars!
Very honest & caring agent!
Sed and his staff always put customer service first.
Every time i call my questions and concerns are addressed immediately.
Highly recommend this office.
They go all out too, supplying all kinds of food and drink (also from the local businesses).
The manager, tellers, and personal bankers here have been extremely helpful in getting my accounts in order!
I do my banking at this branch whenever possible!
Always have good luck with usbank always nice and professional!
Great location and employees are very helpful.
I've had account for many years never a problem.
I don't care how long your debit card took...
I want to know where the f*** mine is.
Just opened a new account today.
So far i am impressed.
After 11 years of banking with them, i've decided to take business/money else where.
If you are going to buy a used car this is the first and last place to stop.
Just purchased a nice used sonata with the balance of the factory warranty on it.
Dan and audrey had my deal done in less than 30 mins.
I can't say i've ever been to a bad chase, they're the best.
This location is very very good, w charleston is naturally the best.
Keep up the good work!
On wed nov 25, 2015 around 11:35 p.m.
It read that it could not process my transaction and did not give me my money back.
I tried to stay positive but i was irritated because i knew that the very next day was thanksgiving.
Aren't we 21st century one nevada???
So i said well i'll just go to a location first thing in the morning on friday to correct this.
But yet again more annoyance...
I want to first off say "black friday" is not observed as a national holiday.
So it is most difficult to comprehend why one nevada is closed today.
I'm am now wondering should i even bank with one nevada.
Sincerely one irritated, angry, concerned, undervalued customer.
Here i am again within the same year!
I obviously can't close out my year without writing another beautiful review for riverset credit union.
Please be aware of the sarcasm in my writing.
Like most people, i worked hard for the money i entrusted riverset with.
I'm very upset with the direction of this financial establishment handles it customers.
I would say they are rude, but they're rarely available to solve problems.
Again, i was hit with an over draft fee, but this time three in a row.
The kicker is that i did, do, and still have the amount that was needed to pay the bills.
What drives it home is when they don't want to correct this.
They have so many back door policies that forces you to agree or you can't check your accounts.
Just another small financial institution who likes to overcharge.
My advice is to try psecu if your in pa.
They are open on saturdays and open late on weekdays.
Riverset is failing and they know it!
I hope my two comments can steer newcomers away and hopefully current members can speak up about their bad experiences.
Either way i had to pay an overdraft fee or the cancellation fee.
They both are $30 dollars for each transaction.
I can't wait for their reason and explanation on this.
The most abusive customer treatment i've ever endured.
Only one teller window was "open" although there were 4 bank employees behind the counter.
One woman apparently was making several transactions that seemed to baffle that only working teller.
She required me to show her id.
Currently under construction, and even though the banners on the building say "open during construction", that's not true.
The atm is working but you can't go inside the bank for business.
I'm one step closer in closing my accounts for what they did today.
I paid my loan in full...or so i thought.
Since the amount due was a tiny bit higher than the account balance, i paid the amount due.
I figured they included the full interest in that amount.
I even took it one step further and took a screenshot of both amounts.
Call it premonition that they were going to try to screw me over.
Today - something told me to check my account.
I logged on - and saw that my loan was delinquent.
But i paid the account in full on tuesday!
And here's the kicker - it was delinquent by $0.02.
Yes, two freakin' pennies.
2/100th of a dollar.
Are they out of their mind???
So i called them.
They tried to tell me that i had to call them for a "true" payoff - but why?
As mentioned in my previous reviews, i have attempted to call them before only to get their voicemail.
And because i'm currently in another timezone (i travel quite frequently for my job), it adds unnecessary stress.
What do they want me to do, sit around and wait for their phone call?
I do work - and really just need a quick answer.
I was amazed and astonished that i actually got a real person on the line when i did call.
I really don't appreciate that i was made to feel like i don't pay my bills.
The first representative (sue?)
Indicated that she could not access my account because it was delinquent.
I'm shaking my head as i'm typing this...delinquent for 2 cents - for 3 days, according to them.
She was quick to suggest that she could transfer the amount from my checking into the loan.
But that did not solve my issue...why doesn't their website reflect the true amount?
So the amount due is an arbitrary number?
Where the hell do any of the amounts come from?
I spoke to the manager (mike) and he did provide his sincerest apologies, but still couldn't answer my question.
So i gave up arguing and paid the amount.
Once again, all for $0.02 (which in 30 days would have still been less than $1.00).
Mike advised me that riverset would have contacted me, but i don't believe that.
I'm really irritated, but more than anything i'm sad.
This establishment is so money-hungry it's ridiculous.
What's sad is that pittsburgh teacher's credit union would have done that.
All for two lousy pennies.
If the true amount had been reflected on my account online, i would have paid it.
And the first representative mentioned that there may have been a balance due in prior months - absolutely not.
I overpaid on all my payments.
Which has me wondering - where did my extra payments go?
Mike did advise me that they are trying to create a call center with extended hours for their customers.
I say it's too little, too late.
I don't care at this point.
As i've said before, steer clear from this establishment.
Unless you want to get screwed over.
Count me in the class action lawsuit with the place.
Come in here and ask for robert if you're trying to open a new business account.
They are very friendly here at this location and have a lot of programs to help you get started.
Also was able to get my first order for checks for free.
They offer free night drop services, which i highly recommend if you have employees dealing with cash.
Would highly recommend and i experienced great service today!
This credit one bank visa platinum is an absolute scam.
They charge a daily finance so even though you paid your balance in full they still charged interest.
You can not use this card without being charged a fee, a ridiculous fee, not to mention the enrollment fee.
They also charge you $9.99 if you want to pay early?
Seriously credit one goto hell.
The owner is probably a son of a sea biscuit anyway.
The fact of the matter is this i don;t need you ... but you need me.
The dumbest thing i've heard!!!
No cash deposits unless it's your own account!!
They need to just close this thingl, it's not a bank if you don't deal with cash!
She was very helpful and informative.
The branch seemed decent and everyone was very professional.
I didn't feel pressured to do anything.
Overall, the customer service was great and if i had to work with anyone it would have to be her.
Worst credit card company ever!!!!
I wish i could do negative stars.
A couple months back, i got an email saying i was late on a credit card payment.
Anyway, i found hundreds of dollars had been charged to a credit card that i had not used since 2015.
I called the company and they did an investigation and found i had fraudulent charges on my card.
I had been told not to do anything until investigation was over, so, i hadn't.
They cancelled that card and sent me a new one.
When i got my new card, the balance had been transferred and $50 had been credited back to my account.
Keep in mind, i had accumulated $300+ in fraudulent charges.
I called them and asked "wtf??"
In so many words.
They said it's still under investigation.
Then, i started receiving calls telling me to pay my balance.
Every time i explain that this isn't my balance and every time there are issues.
They've put me on hold for hours, hung up on me, called 5 times in a row, whatever.
I asked to speak with someone who can see the balance, i.e.
A supervisor, and was then transferred to customer service.
She told me it was still under investigation and to bear with them.
Also, in the same breath, asked for a payment....ahhhhh!!
Which is false since only one charge was credited at that time.
I was appalled at how rude the lead teller breanne was at this branch.
The answer was no, so she proceeded to subtract $8 from the amount and gave him back less.
She did not even have the courtesy to tell us before hand that she would be subtracting eight dollars !
Not only that, she never counted back the money to us and simply shoved it into an envelope.
We didn't realize we'd been short changed until we got to our car.
Rude people like her should not be in positions of authority.
Thank you again candice.
John and his team are incredibly professional, knowledgeable, and responded within just a few minutes anytime i had a question.
When other lenders said no, john said yes, and found a way to make it happen.
I highly recommend john and will use him for all of my mortgage needs in the future.
This branch definitely needs to open more windows.
The wait here is ridiculous.
Expect a wait of at least 20 min in line.
They have 9 windows in total yet they only have two open.
Have been a customer for several years both business and personal.
I find them to be very customer oriented.
Work with the banks located on green valley and stephanie.
Originated the account at stephanie and have had nothing but good experiences with the manager cheryl.
We made a mistake.
The first clue was their faking a capitol one logo.
They prey on the weakest creditors and treat them like vermin.
This is the worst type of chicanery imaginable.
Read the rest of the reviews posted here.
They are all true.
Never do business with this "institution".
They represent the worst in american business.
We did get the account closed, but only after going six levels into "supervisors".
And, the real capital one gave an initial $10,000 line and 1.5 points back and no annual fee.
Note:  they have not even claimed their own yelp page.
It is possible they don't even understand that yelp exists.
This is the worst credit card company ever!
Was approved for a card 3 months ago and still haven't received it.
I have however received the monthly bills from them charging me the annual fee.
I have already made 3 payments and still have not received the card.
Every time i call customer service they barely speak english and i get different answers each time.
Their customer service is horrible.
I am going to close this account immediately.
I have been a member of desert schools federal credit union since i was 17.
I have always been happy with my service.
I used to come to this branch all the time when i lived close by.
The customer service is good.
I will say that when i got divorced and had no credit, they would not give me a credit card.
They had no programs for women like me.
I ended up going to another bank to get a secured credit card.
I was disappointed but my own bank did not have this option for me.
Fortunately that secured credit card option at the other bank worked out and i built my credit.
Now desert schools offers me credit cards all the time.
This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there.
They will hit you up with fees and even charge a monthly membership fee!
I have a car loan with them.
And i call to get advice on how my car loan dates can change.
And the rep. told me to make a payment everyday and the date would change.
As a customer i took her advice and did that.
My payments was made up for 5 months.
I week ago i receive a letter from in touch credit union.
Telling me i have to make a feb payment.
I was force to make a payment.
Not please with the so called help from them.
Not a happy customer....
Today, 12/7/16, i had the pleasure of being helped by claudia in the west ann office.
She was incredibly efficient and helpful, and could fully answer all my questions.
I recommend this office to everyone.
There is no need to shop further for a title loan- this is the place, ask for claudia.
Do not bank here!
My grandmother has dementia and she is on my account with me.
I checked at 8pm, my account was in the positive.
I woke up this morning and my account is overdrafted with a $34 fee.
The payment was only $40 that was processed.
So to allow a $34fee on a $40 payment is 85%.
Shady business i will be leaving work early to change banks.
We were trying to give a jump to my cousin's car, and it took us a long time.
It was a hot humid day.
While we were trying to start the car, a young beautiful nice lady came with two cold bottle of water.
We were very thankful.
That was very nice and very thoughtful.
Honest, genuine, and intelligent.
Pretty much the greatest guy i know.
Being in his presence makes the colors brighter, the oxygen cleaner, and i can hear baby angels singing in harmony.
Great car insurance rates as well.
John werner is always available when i need him!
He is sure to make the mortgage process seamless and stress free!
You thought it was capital one?
That's your fault right there!
You're giving all your personal info to these people, maybe you should know who is receiving it.
On my first bill.
Good service  i've been a member of the credit union for nearly a year now.
I so far, it's been going very well.
I have a checking, savings, and ira account so i go to the credit union fairly often.
The staff are always helpful and friendly.
It took a short time to set up my account.
The facilities are quite nice.
Overall, i would recommend this credit union, over big banks.
I feel like the people here really have my best interest in mind.
I've never had any problems.
I've found so many great places in my new home town, but boa isn't one of them.
I left behind a huntington bank and i absolutely adored them.
I have never had any hassles with them and my banking life was a breeze.
Well, if i wanted to deposit my cash, it'd cost me $8.00.
I have never heard that in my life!
This is totally new to me, and i'm not very excited about it.
The second thing, i never got my temporary card.
I had to go in there and ask them to remail it.
Very frustrating when all your cash is in an account that you can't even go inside to use.
They have a few good things too, like the referral system, and the matching savings, but overall, i expected more.
Thanks austin... you rock!!
I stopped by to make a deposit and then had to go get an envelope to mail a small package.
Took a chance and asked austin if he could help me... bam!
Not only did he give me an envelope, he also had some packing tape.
I was able to get it all done super fast and easy thanks to super austin at us bank.
Thanks for the friendly, great service guys!
Good bye us bank i hope you fail!!!
The employees here are very rude and they have outrageous charges!
I would not recommend anyone to this place.
They are the worst bank in nevada in my opinion.
I hate chase bank.
I can't stand it.
Customer service is horrible.
They make you feel like your a terrorist or bonnie and clyde.
I bought a new car, dealership financed with botw.
I decided to open a checking account there thinking i could transfer money to car note... lol.
I have no way of looking up my car note online.
I have to call..
I actually talk to someone on the phone, i'll pay it and wait a week.
Usually doesn't post !
I have to call and repeat two or three times until it goes through!
So its usually late by that time.
And if you think i'm going to pay a late fee,  you're crazy!!!
Also.... have you read the overdraft policy???
Even the wording is a joke!!
I've had my account since february.
It will be gone by end of month!
As a claim adjuster myself with a cpcu, i can be a challenging customer.
Mr. estfan's office handled a water loss claim for my rental condo.
In a water loss things need to happen right away followed by lots of renovation details.
Pat estfan and his staff with state farm have provided us with exceptional service and a superior product.
Because of that i will not update to 4 or 5 stars.
I am giving onenv (1) more shot and will keep my accounts open.
_____________________________________________  only gave 1 star because i had to.
They losst a long time customer due to their shady business practices and they didn't even care.
Stay away from onenv!
The customer service is ok.
The tellers are either too busy talking to each other to acknowledge anyone else or are super nice.
This is just one example of the ways in which this bank stands out above the rest.
The staff here are always friendly and helpful.
Sometimes there can get to be a line but it usually moves quickly.
The atm branch is not as extensive as many banks, however.
This bank is excellent to use if you live or work near one of its branches.
She helped me find more discounts i didn't even know i was eligible for!
I also unvested in a homeowner's policy.
It's nice to know i'm safe on the road and at home.
Quick efficient service with minimal wait time!
Quick and painless on site!
Staff is very friendly and acknowledged me within two minutes of arriving.
I'm super upset, this bank does not allow you to deposit cash into anyone's account unless you bank at chase!!!
My friends in a jam and i can't put cash into her account!!
This is why i will never bank here!
I needed some legal documents notarized, and it's hard to get it done during the week with my work hours.
There's many other options to have it done, but some places charged $50.
I was able to get my document signed and notarized on a sunday and it didn't cost anything!
If anyone is looking for a new place to bank with great customer service, please check out us bank
Best bank in the land!!!
I've tried the other major banks and got nothing but fees fees and extra fees.
This credit union works for you!!!
From auto refi to small loans..you get the best rates.
Man this guy gave me info over and over again just to make sure i had it down.
They don't care how much time they spend with you...the bottom line is marisol cu is there to help.
Check out the mesa location also..roxanne is the bomb!!
I had a new account and my check deposited before i had to be back at work!
In general i love my credit union, especially because there are now two branches in nevada.
I specifically went over all the information and she must've verified my address at least 3 different time.
I mean, gee whiz!
I came here to pick up some money to buy a new to me car.
I was in a hurry and i didn't count the money at the bank.
It was really sketchy anyway and i didn't feel like counting the money there.
I go to buy my car and i'm short $100.
I called the bank and they balanced their register.
I got a call back to say that he was balanced.
That teller either stole my money or they balanced the wrong teller.
Either way this isn't how a bank earns trust.
I've had my personal and business accounts with dsfcu for many years.
I always recommended them to anyone looking for a place to bank.
The last several years banking with them has become very disappointing.
The staff in the branches are always very pleasant, that's certainly not the issue.
One major problem is they have closed so many locations!
I used to have 3 within a 10 mile radius, now the closest location is 14 miles away.
The inconvenience is bad enough, but they can no longer seem to get their low balance alert working.
I keep a spending balance in checking, then transfer funds as needed to cover my bills.
Their low balance alert used to work.
I've contacted them 4 times regarding this problem and each time i've been assured the problem has been resolved.
It hasn't been, and i refuse to call a 5th time!
It's time to focus my energy on finding a more convenient, more capable banking institution.
I went right to my desk and there it was, never moved.
I believe this was a data breach at desert schools.
I went to a branch and had the card cancelled and they eventually replaced the money.
The interesting thing is, when i advised the supervisor, they seemed completely indifferent.
I asked for the manager to call me because he was busy at the time and he never called back.
They could care less!!
Well, i'm pulling my accounts immediately.
I deal with clients everyday and have to recommend financial institutions and i will never recommend them again.
Desert schools could care less about your identity and theft, not to mention the neutered customer service.
There motto is "where you belong" this couldn't be more false.
This company has the worst customer service.
Zero usa representatives to talk to.
It's either philippines or india.
I've been locked out of my account since i've had the account and nobody has resolved it.
That forces me to pay $9.95 in fees for them to do an express payment over the phone.
I actually think this is a tactic to make more money.
Apparently she didn't check her notes and see the previous 11+ months of tech support for me.
She was basically calling me dumb.
I was pretty calm until she got frustrated.
Her user i'd number is 4190785.
She should be fired.
Im going to pay this card off and cancel the whole thing.
Steer clear of this company!!
This company provides a low amount of credit at a high rate of interest for people with poor credit.
That is what they do.
The reviewers all sound angry, but i have had a good experience with credit one.
I paid off my bill in full after month one and they increased my credit line.
Read the terms, and if you agree, great, and if not, then don't get mad at a company about it.
People who struggle financially always get taken advantage of when there is a loan or credit involved.
This card is a stop gap measure to help those who are in the process of improving their financial situation.
This bank is inside fry's.
They are friendly and very helpful.
But at times busy when it's in the afternoon.
They also recommend things at times to you to help u invest and such.
They make you feel important.
They go beyond expected (in my opionion).
Did not apply for a car loan nor do i need one.
However, somehow they keep pushing the auto loans.
It not a good thing that the folks holding your money make mistakes like this.
What else are they messing up.
When challenged them on this mistake no answer was given.
Credit union's, banks should not make mistakes like this ever.
Guess its not just wells fargo opening fraud accounts now is it this credit union too.
Better off getting a secured credit card.
The 75$ fee youll never get back.
I don't like this bank.
Not happy with their hours, their website, bill paying service, or especially their mobile app.
They are the biggest bank in las vegas, but their technology is pathetic.
The only reason i have an account there is because i used to use wachovia, which i loved.
They swallowed them like pac-man and they inherited my account.
Otherwise, i'd be out of there in a heartbeat.
This is my go-to spot when i need documents notarized (a free service for u.s. bank account holders).
The employees at this u.s. bank are always very cordial and helpful.
The notary remembers me and welcomes me by name, even if it has been months since my last visit.
They do a great job of making their customers feel appreciated.
I love this bank.
Everyone is always so cheerful and eager to help.
The customer service is great.
They make you feel like you've known them your whole life.
I have been coming to this bank for years and i have never had a bad experience here.
The lines (if present) move quickly so the thought of going to the bank is not a dreadful one.
I am positive i will stay with this bank for years to come.
It's quite nice as they've three lanes for drive up tellers and one drive up atm.
Not good customer service.i wouldn't recommend this boa not even to my worst enemy.
This location is just inside of the albertsons- the entrance on the far right will get you there fastest.
Location is tiny but fully functional.
Noteworthy that they have staff available for both regular banking appointments you'd find at stand-alone locations, not just tellers.
Terrible practices dealing with fraud!
Rather than phoning or emailing me, credit one notified me of this fraud by mail.
Are you kidding me credit one?
This is the best way you handle the alarming issue of fraudulent activity on a customers account?
Impossible to speak with the us customer service center, as well.
I wound up cutting my payments by more than half and reducing my interest rate by almost as much.
But esther wasn't pushy about me doing that; she just seemed interested in helping me save money.
All in all, i loved working with this credit union and i thought esther was really sweet.
I wish i'd refinanced with them sooner!
Would definitely recommend this place to a friend.
Great place to come to so you dont have to get roobbed by casino atm's  very secure after hours.
Must stick card in to enter atm area.
And plenty of parking!
Now you have counted these coins twice and you are 100% sure of the amount.
The teller comes back and tells you the amount is $760 less then you have anticipated.
What do you do?
Cops say it's a civil matter.
Complaint filed with bank, so we shall see.
This is why i left bofa years ago.
Shady and no customer service.
Close your accounts with them!
They stole $385 from my direct deposit with their shady "banking" practices.
Branch said that if an error was indeed made by them, the overnight auditors would locate the error.
Az federal refuses to resolve this with the depositor's bank.
I am going to the arizona secretary of state's office in two day.
Highly advise that you never do business with this crappy credit union.
I will post the names of the people involved in this later.
I'm updating this review solely as a response to azfcu's response to my initial review.
It is their response that downgrades them to 1 star, and has now put changing credit unions on the table.
I think whoever delegated the task of responding to yelp reviews ought to reconsider their choice.
I never got any notice in any form.
I challenge you to provide me with proof of mailing of those letters.
Azfcu, if you're going to respond, then bring a proper response that addresses all of the noted concerns.
It literally took an hour.
It was the most convoluted banking procedure we ever witnessed.
My thanks to whomever wrote that reply.
Tellers all have the worst attitude and aren't helpful at all.
Only the chip on my card works so i met with a banker to order a new one.
The teller said the guy didn't even process the request for a new card?!?!?
Going to be closing my account from this joke of a bank.
Perla answered all our questions, was professional, personal and very knowledgeable while working thoroughly and efficiently.
We felt welcomed, wanted and appreciated.
Sitting down to open new accounts was painless and simple.
I've never had a better experience with any other financial institution.
Thank you so much!
I have been with cculv for @6 or 7 years.
I have had excellent service since day 1.
I have financed several cars with them so this is a review of that department.
He even matched my interest rate on the loan i had just payed off!!
This is the service of concerned compassionate people helping others.
Thank you ky and thank you clark county crefit union!
I adore chase bank.
The atms are great.
It never fails me but my main focus is how amazing the staff is.
I had to handle some business a couple months ago and the man who handled my requests was wonderful.
He was helpful and answered every question and concern i may have had.
It was a great experience for me.
The atmosphere is beautiful as well.
This location is very new and lavish.
Its very appealing to the eye.
This particular establishment is the best!
I usually focus my yelp reviews on restaurants.
However, 3 months ago i decided to move my banking business from one of the local mega banks in pittsburgh.
I had always been a large bank customer primarily because mega banks have branches and atms all over the city.
Finally after years of lousy service and increasing fees i switched my accounts to first national.
I know it is hard to get excited about a bank...but wow!
That's enough about boring banks i will now go back to my more exciting restaurant reviews.
Very friendly lady at the welcome desk where i picked up my replacement debit card.
Always smiling and very helpful.
Only downfall is the wait time when trying to do anything else at this location.
I'll stick to the location in gilbert for any banking needs.
They are fantastic, friendly and fast.
I've been a member with landings cu for almost 10 years.
Back when they were tempe schools credit union.
The customer service rep i started working with was nice and helpful.
However, the issue i had required me to be transferred to a manager.
I was guilty of being a delinquent before i had a chance to explain the situation.
It was like working with a debt collector with a bad attitude.
The kind of person you hang up on because because they are so rude and unprofessional.
The fifteen minute phone call ended with me wishing i never did business there.
This wells fargo is a friendly location.
However, the bank did credit $1000 in cash to the wrong account.
This error required me to identify the problem, call customer service and ultimately go into the branch... twice!
My saturday morning was spent explaining the problem which was determined to be an error by the bank.
Two business days later i had not been contacted by the branch manager.
I was given a different story and told that it would take 3 business days to correct the transaction.
3 hours of time in the bank, several phone calls, and one week later i am still missing $1000.
Again, be very careful with this branch.
I recommend that it be avoided and that the staff be held accountable for egregious and personally destructive mistakes.
Overall, wells fargo is a solid bank.
This review is meant to illustrate this specific bank location's accountability, which i found to be excellent.
I didn't believe it.
At this point i'm thinking the man who gave me his word had cost me $35.
Today, i stopped by the branch and talked to nadia again and the manager learned the situation.
She immediately reversed the fee because the banker had given me his word.
This is great news, and i'm happier to be with this bank because this branch honored their word.
Slowest bank of all time.
I hate when i have to come here... plus no music while you wait.
Just silence and long lines that move way too slow!
It is unfortunate that they can't get their home loans on track.
After reading other reviews in regards to their real estate errors i decided to share my experience.
I have been a member with them for over 10 years.
You better believe when that three month had passed i contacted them again to start the process.
On april 1st 2015 my loan started for review.
It was stated by my loan officer in an email mind you...i was approved.
On april 29, 2015 i was informed on terms of my loan, which was nothing like i was first told.
I never wanted an adjustable and i was very clear about it.
Finally in may it was told to me that my paperwork went to underwriting.
On june 10th i was told i was in line for underwriting...arghhh!
Are you kidding me????
They knew the whole time!!!
I was disgusted and declined the loan.
I had no words!
Why would you not give me the best interest rate possible the first try????
I would never ever use them.
I finished my re-finace in may 2016 with southern fidelity mortgage and it was a breeze!!!!
Took less than 1.5 months and was so simple.
Completely different from clark county.
My loan modification was not an issue.
I recommend southern fidelity mortgage ask for kari phillips.
Their customer service was great!
They helped me find what i was looking for.
Defiantly recommend this pawn shop to anyone that wants to find the best prices in town!
All my daughter wanted to do wash cash her  friggin' birthday check from her grandparents.
And so you know, we tried at two desert schools branches!
Yep, that was the major issue that dumbfounded these mental midgets at desert schools on a saturday morning.
A lousy $25 dollar check.
Why was it so confusing?
What 12 year old kid has a driver's license or state issued id?
Maybe i should be more understanding.
Ive been standing in line for at least 30 mins.
There's only a few people in front of me in line.
The tellers are so slow.
Never coming back to this branch.
One teller has only helped one lady this whole time.
Love the "small bank" feel!
Been banking with them for about 14 years and despite the bank's expansion, it's still easy to deal with!
Great customer service, both over the phone and in person.
Wish there was an office in ca as i'd do all of my banking there!
Only reason why it has 2 stars is because the customer service is good.
Every time i come to this location i literally have to wait 20 to 30 minutes to make a deposit.
They are very understaffed.
I saw a line to the door with just 1 teller working.
I can't blame her she helped every customer with a smile but management really needs to fix this issue.
My husband and i recently opened an account at one nevada credit union.
Our new personal banker is marco wilbowo.
He made us feel welcome and comfortable with our decision to keep our money at one nevada credit union.
I love that we got out debit card minutes after we opened the account.
The location has an atm inside and several drive thru ones.
I recommend that you check this place out and ask for marco!
I usually go through the drive through because i find it easier than standing in line.
This is the second time ive given him a bad review....he must have deleted all his bad reviews.
I did because it wasn't worth the headache and fighting because you will get no where with this company.
Like i said stay away not worth it.
This wells fargo location is located on rainbow blvd.
On the west side of the street just north of warm springs.
I guess this is your typical wells fargo bank.
It is a newer and cleaner location and is well maintained.
Other than that there really wasn't anything to make it stand out from any other wf branch in the valley.
The tellers are friendly and seem genuinely happy to be there.
They do have notary services available at this location, which is very convenient.
Until something happens to necessitate a change i will keep it at..  3 stars.
I would only have to wait for another 30 minutes.
I pity those customers of scotiabank who aren't lucky!
I called in and left a complaint about the horrible experience and still nothing.
No body got back to me simply because they don't care about their customers.
Even one star is too much!
If you like to be treated with respect don't go anywhere near this branch!
Desire is a great agent, extremely helpful and provided excellent service.
I recommend them to anyone
This credit card is a scam.
I received it in the mail saying i was pre-approved for $1,500.
Do not fall for this.
I read the small print.
Than it has penalty fees of $35-$38.
Your minimum credit line is $300.
But wait,  then they take out the $75 leaving you a credit line of $225.
This card will not help you.
Read the small print before you sign up with any card company.
If you receive this card in the mail,  don't just throw it away, cut it up.
People can still open the account  in your name.
Be cautious about your credit.
Richard -  great guy and huge help.
Been with wells for 20 years.
All banks about the same, it's the interior business sector and the willingness to help you.
The effort of trying to solve problems or issues for you.
Shout out to rupi, my business rep.  super sweet and big help as wells.
Did a re-fi on our truck.
I brought the correct docs,was in and out in 30 minutes and knocked off 2 points.
I can not say enough about the level of customer service candise provided.
Hopefully you don't have travel plans or care how quickly you can build your credit.
There is no branch so it is all done back and fourth through snail mail.
Often us and canadian websites are confused and remember to keep no balance or you will pay pay pay.
You want to spiral into deeper debt while you're trying to get out, this is the card for you.
Avoid like the plague!
Crazy fees, no customer service.
They don't care if you are happy or not.
They try to look like capital one, but don't be fooled.
Monthly fees on cards.
Even if you cancel and have overpaid, can't get your money back.
Stay clear of these pirates,
They will keep charging for late fees after i had paid off and close my account still sending minimum payments!
And the customer service is fake and cant help you!
Worst service ever there is a line at the door with only one teller.
I was a member of the credit union for over 20 years.
About 6 or so years ago riverset took over and this place went downhill fast.
Their goal now is not customer service but to maximize profit.
Since i'd never missed a payment despite their lengthy crediting period, i assume it was a mistake.
Also when asked she could not tell me what the ultimate rate would be.
Cashier and banker were both awesome, friendly and helpful.
Served immediately (and quickly).
Feels great to receive excellent customer service, and these ladies didn't disappoint :)
Do you like getting called day in and day out when you've missed your payment by a day or two?
Like the $9.95 fee to get your payment posted in what would be regular time for any other card?
If so, this card is for you.
If you have any other options with poor credit, i would highly recommend seeking those options out first.
I was informed that because i don't have an account there they were unable to do this for me.
You are a bank, you have money right???
I went across the street to 1st bank and they did it no questions asked.
Just because im not a current customer doesn't mean i wouldn't be a future customer.
I went to bank of america across the street first and was treated like garbage.
Whom i used to be a long time customer of for many years but left due to poor customer service.
Jacob helped me and he was fantastic!
Thanks for the help
My favorite branch, never confuse these folks with the school district personnel, they are so friendly and helpful.
What other bank or cu gives you a 5% rebate on your loans?
Ryan and rachel get special props for all their assistance and flexibility
One or more of the atms are down when i come here...every.single.time.
Oh my god, i seriously hate this bank!
Do these guys not test their products before they put them out for the public to use?
I enjoy banking with chase bank as this is my home bank.
Overall service was good.
There's a safeway grocery store near-by, so it's in a great location.
I only gave it one star because i had to give at least one for a review.
Why else would i have switched from my 12 year bank?
This was clearly chase's error and not one person took responsibility nor offered a solution/alternative of any kind.
I'll be closing my account here after my next direct deposit hits and i've established an account at midfirst.
No concept of customer service at chase bank.
She didn't even make eye contact with us.
It was very appreciated.
I always liked this chase but i like it even more now.
They have added drive up banking and a atm to the outside.
The atm is 24/7 and the teller is available during normal business hours.
The bank is clean inside and the tellers have always been friendly towards me.
Great customer service at this branch!
Michael was super helpful and great with helping us everything we needed.
Very informative about all or questions and awesome customer service!!!
Thanks michael and chases boca park!
There are significant problems both with this branch itself and with scotiabank's customer service generally.
The atm did not have any envelopes.
Customer service is outsourced: you are not able to contact the branch directly unless you have an individual's phone number.
Does scotiabank not realize that it has competition?
Absolutely amazing experience with fernanda at the banking department.
Thank you so much for making switching over to your bank an easy and seamless transition fernanda.
Brian is my all time favorite employee.
When ever i go in he always recognizes me and greets me , always smiling.
He always asks how i am doing and i tell him all about what's going on with me.
He processes my transaction fast and i never have a problem.
Chase bank is the worst bank i have ever been to in my entire like.
Years ago i open an account and twice they messed my name up on my account.
So i closed the account.
Then today i was depositing money into a friend account.
They said they can't accept cash due to regulatory reason.
This is bull shit.
This is chase's way of trying to get you to open an account.
They said if i had an account with them then i could deposit cash into my friends account.
This is just a ploy they use to get new customers.
Oh by the way if i could give them zero star i would have.
This is my go to atm when i'm in the area.
Being a member of a credit union myself, it is best to stop at a credit union.
Asides from that, there's nothing special about this place.
There is not enough room in the parking lot that is for sure.
I needed a cheque certified, called the 1-800 customer service number.
They said i could go to any branch.
This was a sunday.
The only branch open in all of calgary, was 45 minutes from my home.
I stood in line for another 40 minutes with 25 people in line.
I told her that i was told by the customer service line, it would not be a problem.
She responded with, "oh, sometimes they make an error when you phone that number".
Worst place new machines.
Worst bank ever for a credit union.
Went to my bank on warm springs and durango dr.
They were painting the entire area where the atm's machines are located.
Told her i wanted to deposit into my acc and gave her my debit card and cash.
If the atms were available then there would be no need for me to deal with a teller inside!
Will call the bank so they are aware that their staff needs some customer service training desperately!
No wonder they have tons of bad reviews.
This bank is bad!!!!!
Please look at 3 total reviews and two of them are 1 star!!!
The tellers are rude and the management team is awful!!
I have closed my accounts, and i will not be banking with bank of america ever again!
Also, i got on better business bureau, and this is an exact quote from bbb.
"bbb has determined this business receives a high volume of complaints.
Therefore, bbb is publishing 10 percent of complaints which is a representative sample of complaints"  seems about right.
This one is convenient if you're traveling on the i-17.
Located just south of glendale ave and the i-17, it offers lobby and drive-thru services.
Don't try using their atm in the day time; you can't see the screen due to the sun.
They need to solve that issue, for those who is on the run.
After been a customer for going on over a year you would think this would have been fixed.
I saw a customer who was struggling to see the screen.
John was great to work with.
He helped us with refinancing our home.
He was very helpful and always available to answer any questions that i had.
He took the time to clarify any things i didn't understand.
Just an overall great experience.
I would recommend him to anyone!!
John at mortgage and credit pro did a fantastic job with our home refinance.
He was able to get us a lower interest rate, a shorter term, and lower payments.
He was also very professional and responsive to my emails and phone calls.
I would definitely recommend his services to anyone looking for a home loan.
Started using this us bank on w. lake mead about two months ago and have enjoyed superior service since.
Always go into bank, staff is always friendly and attentive.
They have even kept up interacting with my husband and his dry, corn-ball humor.
Keep it up, us bank, i'm counting on this level of service on a regular basis!
Help me establish new accounts for bill pay, help me save money for the future!!!
Not to mention the cute teller girls!!
They essentially said whatever it took to get my account open (business acct.)
And have since reneged on the previous agreement.
Sad day when a bank resorts to trickery for a few fees.
This may be a credit union, but they are just as bad as a big bank.
They charge fees for everything you could imagine and will never work with you.
We recently had fraud show up on our account, which lead to fees being assessed.
They refused to waive the fees, saying it was an error on their part.
Go to a legit credit union, not one that has been sued for its shady practices (google it).
Good location in the cotswold area.
Nothing new or surprising at this location...easy drive-up atm that will get you back on the road in no time.
I get to pay my bills online so i'm a fan.
Parking is great, can't say the experience is coming in.
All the chase banks i've been to in california were always great with service.
That was the kind of service i received at other chase banks and even wells fargo.
After waiting for 25 minutes i decided to ask the teller for assistance since there was no line.
Thankfully, they were able to help me.
But if my issue wasn't handled with the teller then i'd be pretty pissed.
I would definitely check out another location if i need any further assistance.
Kevin thornton provided excellent service today during my visit to u.s. bank.
He went above and beyond.
Great business specialist to work with!
They updated me weekly and often times more.
This is not the first time i've had listing agents pleasantly surprised by the smooth transaction either.
Thank you bright for taking care of my loan and making my families dream home a reality
As a small business owner, you can't afford to use prolific business solutions.
I sympathize with many of the other reviewers.
I am currently in the same situation as others, waiting to get my own money back.
I have not received one of my daily deposits since 1/27/17!
It is february 14th!
Try and call their 800 number, not the sales department, and you will never speak to a human!
Voicemails go unanswered indefinitely!
I am currently out well over $10,000.
Shame on you for calling yourself a business.
Higher fees are the least of your problems.
Worst customer service ever!
I have never had so much trouble trying to make a payment before.
I have been transferred and hung up on so many times that i can not count!
Good luck doing business here... we closed our account.
The whole staff needs a course in customer service.
Went to make a payment... could not even accomplish that!
I got my card a couple days ago and when activated it said i owed late fees.
Do not open an account!!
Took me forever to close my account
Store has a great selection and friendly staff.
Carla helped me find what i was looking for, ensured it's what i truly wanted.
I'll do business with them soon.
Worst bank in america.!!!!
Don't call boa you never be answered by any human person...
I made an attempt to contact customer service for something regarding my card and the person barely spoke english!!!!!!!!
She hung up on me...unreal!!!!!!!
I am not a fan of this branch.
They tend to cater towards the mexican clientele.
It is nice that most of the workers are bilingual, but they shouldn't be unfriendly to the other clientele.
Do not get a loan from ssscu.
I recently bought a new car and was financed with silver state.
Went to pay my first bill and they do not accept payments from another bank online.
If they do accept there are unreasonable fees associated with this service.
They are basically forcing you to use their bank this way.
Will be refinancing asap.
Silver state join the modern age, and realize that customer service is important.
We have financial choices, and can choose to not do business with you.
Do not fall for the same scam i did, if you get an offer throw it in the trash!!!!
You can get better and more professional and experienced customer service elsewhere, not at arizona federal sorry to say.
No one seemed to know what to do, including their call center, regarding an issue in my account.
To top it off, this credit union debits $3 from my checking account each month calling it membership fees!
I have since closed my account and deposited my money elsewhere.
Listen to me: do not give into this trap.
I did a couple years ago when i was in a very bad place financially...
I've since come out of it and am soon to close this account down forever.
Here are some reasons why this bank is a big no:  1.)
They will not resolve your issues.
Short answer: you will reach a dead end trying to resolve anythingl  2.)
I asked them not to store my payment info on file every time, yet they do it.
Speaking of payments, they charge you $9 to make one  4.)
I asked about closing my account down so they said "one moment while i transfer you the the right person."
So i waited and waited, eventually got disconnected and didn't call back cause i had to go into a meeting.
Sure enough they closed down my account without me even actually discussing it with anyone.
All i said was i wanted to talk with someone about it...
Overall, this is a scam, prey on the weak type of company, that only some unlucky people have fallen for...
Also.... if you have the ability to bbb them, then do it.
This is worst .
Compared to other banks, boa service is sure to be ranked the lowest .
Nice friendly and fast.
Is not your usual bank behind big thick glass.
You actually sit at a desk with the banker.
Kind of a nice change.
I have been a member of the credit union since 1986.
I have had basic accounts, car loans, and other loans and have gotten the best interest rates around.
Never have had a problem.
Service is great too.
I am always asked when i go in (which is rare) if i need an extra check register.
That is really nice because i usually do!
Then they give me 2!
This was not the case due to the lack of service i received from manan- a representative.
I received very impersonal service when attempting to cash an az federal-issued check.
It strangely took more than ten minutes to "verify" a signature on the check.
Manan never told me what he was doing while i was standing, waiting for my funds to be given.
I grew curious and asked why the process was taking an unusually long time.
His answer was that every bank is different.
Several minutes later he finalized [his] "verification" process.
After receiving my funds he never thanked me for coming in nor did he wish me a good day.
It's just amazing how people take their jobs and people for granted instead of being kind and personable.
As a result i will refrain from doing business with or referring others to this company.
Not good, az federal.
Why do they refuse to hire tellers.
I've had an account with this credit union since i was born.
Always very helpful staff.
I also bought my 2012 ford focus from them.
Cars are very lightly used.
Got my car that it was only 1 year old and never had any problems with it.
He even threw in a free window tint for me.
I'm going back there soon to trade my car in for a bigger one.
Drive through atm doesn't take money.
Twice  in less than a month.
Cashiers are the slowest ever.
They take time even to put my debit card back in an envelope.
How courteous but seriously.
I'm in a rush after spending 10 minutes in the atm that doesn't work.
It was a good experience.
I went to the bank to create a notarized document to fax to another bank regarding the disbursement of funds.
It was the best customer service experience i've had in long time.
Hopefully wells fargo monitors yelp and gives edward an attaboy or two so he hangs around awhile.
He is definitely an asset  to the business.
Walnut creek branch tellers and bankers are such a great bunch.
They make you feel like you could stay in the bank all day.
I would like to tell you the claudia is the best of all!
She was very friendly very outgoing very professional and i'm very pleased with her service.
Prompt customer service from my girl crystal!
Thanks for helping me out in such a timely, friendly manner!
Not one to give "shout outs" too much.
There is a lot to be said for just doing your job each day without fanfare.
However, my experience here was even better than the usually good experiences i have with td.
I came in here on a thursday after lunch.
Anthony was welcoming, straightforward, and handled my request as if it was the best thing he could be doing.
If there was anyone you could call "cool, calm, and collected", it was anthony.
I was frustrated with the line wait, yet left feeling completely satisfied and much more calm myself.
Very pleased with my service experience.
I came to this branch since it's closest to my family's house; expecting to get okay customer service.
Was greeted and helped by nathan!
I can tell you that he really took his time answering all my questions and concerns.
Didn't rush me at all.
And got to know me on a personal level.
I felt like i wasn't just a customer at this branch; but part of a extended family!
I left the branch very satisfied and happy!
Nathan; thank you so much!
You are an amazing and attentive individual!
Your customer service skill is beyond what anyone can expect.
And you make simple customers like me your priority.
I will deff recommend this branch to my friends and family and tell them to go to nathan.
Thank you nathan for helping me out!!
Wishing you all the success you deserve.
Because you deff deserve it.
You won me as a loyal guest!
I'm sure many others as well.
For the people the other reviews that complain.
Please go ask for nathan to help you.
I'm pretty sure you'll change your mind.
I needed to change the monthly amount of my rent on the bank's bill payer feature.
I called the bank's helpline, was put on hold for 15 minutes.
Then girl who didn't know anything came on line and could not hear nor understand me.
I gave up and called the manager of my local branch.
The manager helped me wade through the online banking form and i got my business done in one minute.
I was charged a $25 replacement fee for a lost credit card.
This in addition to not crediting unauthorized charges on my statement until i filed a complaint with the bbb.
Stay way from these loan sharks!
I made on-time payments to my auto loan for four years from my checking account.
They claim they sent me a letter warning me of this.
But why would they do this?
It makes absolutely no sense!
Why bank here and risk hurting your credit history when there are many other choices?
I went in to change my address and the teller assured me it was updated.
This is the worst bank ever dont give them your business!!!
They randomly will update their online banking without any notice.
Kinda sucks when you need to know how much is in your account.
When i refused, she attempted to get me to sign up for a credit card.
It was all really disgusting and she was not in any way helpful.
Representative nicole has been great with provided a few auto insurance quotes for me.
This was my first call to a company for a quote.
I am still researching the best rate and reputable company.
Nicole is very pleasant and her customer service is appreciated.
Big bank but very little personal touch.
The worst bunch of people to deal with.
Then to top things off they would lock my online account so i couldn't see what was going on.
They also refused a few of my payments for no reason, even certified bank checks.
There not a bank, there loan sharks trying to ruin customers credit.
He's as good as it gets!
Sed poche has been my insurance agent for the last 5 years on my home and auto.
His agency has had my life insurance since i was 25 (11 years).
He is attentive, professional and resourceful.
The reliability and honesty of this agency make them a pleasure to work with.
But the best part was the amount of money they saved me by bundeling my policies.
My overall savings were over 300 dollars per month.
Thank you sed and thank you state farm insurance!
Ive been a bank of america customer for over 23 years.
Its been longer , but their records dont even go back that far.
I have 4 accounts with them each having 5 figures in each one.
Ive had atleast 5 mortages ,and multiple car loans.
I was told "once you sign that merchant slip, your out of luck"!
Not once did bank of america call me.
They are liars too!
This is the level they have stooped too.
You have been warned!
Busey is the bank to avoid.
Customer service is gone and the competence of the mortgage staff among others is not worth the hassle.
There are a lot of other banks in town and would suggest you pick one of those.
The bankers here are very nice and friendly.
The best part is that one of the bankers remembers my name.
Would recommend to come here.
Really quiet and slow compared to other branches.
People are helpful and resolve my card problem the same day and got me refunded
I don't think there can be a company worse than spirit airlines, but this takes the cake by far.
I assume my credit is destroyed by this company.
If i could leave negative stars i would.
I gave them the car and said sell it like any other title loan place that should be it!
Wanna try to sue haha i'm in a position i can quit my job and u get nothing again!!
Haha good job to the owners well done!!
They cannot call or harass more than one time.
The male teller asked if i was a member, as this was a service typically reserved for members.
Do not do biz with this bank !!!!!
They play games and you will not win .
They will mess up your credit!!!
And make you waste your money !!
I love this bank i've been banking here since 2006.
They have excellent customer service and they are very helpful when it comes to your needs.
Very awesome friendly service at this wells fargo.
The staff here smile and provide customer service like it should be.
Tellers here don't know how to deposit a canadian check.
I have never had a problem doing this at any other bofa branch.
This bank is racist.
I have perfect credit with tremendous equity and they denied my a loan.
Steer clear of this bank at all costs since they lack integrity.
I wish i could give them a lower mark than 1 star.
Been going to the bank off e w.t.
Harris blvd in charlotte for about 8 months now.
Of the 8 months i've gone in, 1 maybe 2 times they've actually processed my payment with a debit card.
Normally i wouldn't complain about something as petty as this but really?
Is it that much of an inconvenience to process my damn payment through debit card?
I showed up at 4:59 to make a deposit.
I was turned away even though they don't close until five.
This was a large deposit for a dental office and very disappointing.
We will be changing banks!!
Customer service was bad, they take forever to do one simple transaction.
Save yourself sometimes and go to a different branch.
I have been a member of cccu since 1997.
I have enjoyed many services from cccu and am a member in good standing.
I would recommend everything the credit union has to offer except real estate!
Dec 2013, i utilized cccu for my mortgage needs and it was nothing short of a comedy of errors.
Escrow did eventually close.
@#$% well, of course i called the irs and they informed me that cccu never reported my 2013  information!
@#$%   i do have the opportunity to dispute as long i can provide proof.
(i find this hard to believe) currently, i am awaiting the outcome of my dispute.
I know i will hear from the irs as there is a deadline to dispute the items or pay up.
But, don't just pay up!
Signed up because i was told credit unions were better than banks and easier to get loans.
Well, i applied for a car loan with a 700 credit score and was told a simple no.
Find out dscu doesn't even approve anyone for a loan unless you have a 720+ credit score.
Closed my acct and went elsewhere.
Another thing.....can dscu hire a webmaster to get a web site that doesn't look like it's from 1999?
Their staff has always been friendly with me.
Why do you have that much in a checking account anyways?
Should be able to get one through whatever investment group you use (i've been happy with vanguard).
As for the atm's you can use any credit union ones for free (summit, etc.)
Meaning that there are almost always free atm's in any part of the country.
So not quite as good as some other deals, but not awful either.
They also strike me as unusually fair.
I ensure i informed the call centre agent that.
What i didn't get was an apology from the operator or i'll let them know.
She used some sort of defensive slang "no worries"  what the heck is that supposed to mean?!
Ok this bank is full of nice people who share the secrets of saving & investments.
I give it 3 stars total.
They are sweet people but i love this bank 4th.
Three other banks come before it in my book.
It's true everyone can't have first place but i think this bank don't try to come in first.
Customer service could be over all better.
I can't say enough wonderful things about this branch!
The manager is fantastic, the other employees are happy, enthusiastic, and efficient.
Not to mention that everyone there has impeccable manners and they treat their customers as customers deserve to be treated!
Go to this branch, you'll understand what i mean!
The bank manager is absolutely the most unprofessional guy you can have working a bank...
He swore at me using very vulgar terms and thinks he is also security guard of the parking lot.
Reported him several times so hopefully the pain will end soon enough.
Yelp please give us a zero star score.
This is an awful company.
They prey upon the poor, minorities and those who truely want to make their credit better.
They can't answer your complaints.
Frightening that this exists in america
I opened an account here about six months ago and i could not be happier with my experience so far.
Fantastic individual and very informative for all of my needs and questions.
I still had 2 weeks until the payment due date.
They had just offered me a second line the day before this.
Do not use unless you absolutely need credit.
I am a new teacher to vegas.
I went into the buffalo branch today to open a direct deposit checking account with kai bachiller as my teller.
After waiting for half and hour i was not allowed to even open account.
He ran a credit check on me and said i owed someone $120 and was told to leave.
I am going to tell all my new teacher friends to go somewhere else.
I did pick a excellently and fantastic credit union no doubt about it.
They lie about quite a few things.
Firstly, your credit does matter at this place unlike other title loan companies.
A soft credit inquiry will appear on your credit report.
They have the system all figured out and will use it against you any way necessary.
Outright deceptive and misleading advertising practices.
I have dealt with 3 other title loan companies, and none of them were like this place.
Stay far far away, i feel really sorry for anyone who is coming here as the experience elsewhere is better.
I just got the capital one platinum mastercard for shopping at costco.
Costco determined that they had to discontinue using american express and what a mistake!
I called them with a few issues.
I was told that it was impossible.
I asked how long ahead of time should i make my payments by online banking?
I was told they required at least 3 weekdays to process a payment.
Their payment are processed in the u.s., and that is just that.
Do they have physical location where payment can be made?
I don't know why costco, after stellar service from american express would get into bed with these rascals?
I am sure they will be charging a plethora of fees.
For those of you that have gotten their unlimited travel card, someone has just posted a warning.
But here is the simple math of it.
One travel mile with any airline has a market value of between $0.01 and $0.03 as a rough comparison tool.
Most airlines will allow you to go anywhere in the u.s. for 25,000 miles.
This ticket could cost anywhere from $350.00 to $2,000.00, that does not matter.
It is still the same number of miles.
The aspire card does not come anywhere near giving you that kind of return, in spite of the their advertising.
It is very, much like the visa royal bank avion card.
Just beware of capital one.
Ive been with them almost 13 years.
This branch makes me want to leave.
Horrible customer service and so slow.
Had a membership savings account with them and didn't use it for some time (it is a savings account afterall!).
After recently taking a look, they had been taking 10 dollars a month from the savings account for limited activity.
They stated we should have received something in the mail notifying us, however, we never did.
We are still trying to get all our money back.
Beware if trying to save money in a savings account!
Do not open an account at this bank.
Worst customer service ever!!!!!!
This  credit  union  is  a  total  joke...   they  should  not  be  licensed.
The  next  issue  was  an  online  payment  which  never  went  out,  even  after  i  wrote  down  the  confirmation  number.
Desert  schools   comment:   "we  use  a  vendor  and  they  can't   find  anything  with  this  confirmation  number".
I  ended  up  paying  a  late  fee  even  if  i  scheduled  the  payment  in  time.
And  then  again:   their   so  called  "vendor"....
This  was   in  december  2016.
Now  it  is  april  2017   and  desert  schools  is  still  sitting  on  my  money.
Not enough tellers by far.
No one seems to care.
Tellers including management routinely shut down their windows when 10+ customers are in line.
Avoid at all costs.
I've banked with bank of america for about 20 years now.
For the most part i've been happy; no real complaints.
Finally it tells me to press 2 if i am not interested, which i promptly do.
Hopefully my atm card now works.
I'll be calling wells fargo.
Stop pedaling crap when people call to activate their credit/atm cards!
This has to be the most useless, annoying, inconvenience place i've ever stored my funds.
First off, the lines, lines, lines.
Secondly, do you know how many times they can and will overdraft and then fine you for it a day?
If you guessed 4, you are correct!
Four different overdrafts and 4 different 35.00 dollar fines a day!
Look somewhere else, this bank can't do that either.
Fun note, they have less than 5 branches in all of maricopa county.
So that's 5 banks to service 9,224 miles of land.
I've had great experiences at this branch with multiple associates - managers, tellers, and personal bankers.
Even if you do have to wait, the lobby and chairs are very comfortable.
The drive-up atms are great and i've rarely had issues with them.
They're also not very busy, so they're extremely convenient.
This credit card has the most horrendous customer service!
There are no customer service representative here in the us so good luck understanding what they say.
I have not been able to log into my account online since i have opened my account!!
I cant get anyone of them to assist me with it with the exception of bad bad service.
I am re-establishing my credit and this companies goal is to set you up for failure.
What a joke of a comapny
This has to be the nicest group of people i've ever dealt with at chase.
I always come here no matter what.
It's convenient because it's in the area, and i love that i can get groceries/bath products all in one trip.
If you're in this neighborhood, check this branch out.
This bank is two minutes from my house so i'm always there for any of my banking needs.
Very friendly and helpful employees every time i've come in to make a transaction.
I've bank with cccu for a shorter amount of time compared to my other banks i bank with.
And i usually have no problems when i'm assisted by other tellers but jody is by far the worst.
I've been assisted by jody before and i've received her dry customer service before.
The first few times i brushed it off, now i'm annoyed and will wait for another teller instead.
I opened a small business account with tamala soboyejo at this location.
She was very professional, helpful and really funny.
I really enjoyed doing business with her.
She explained all my account details and completely walked me through the process of the account.
If you need a new account or just a smile and a good laugh then tamala is your person.
I was with this state farm location for 12 years with 10 different policies.
2 houses, 4 cars, life insurance,jewelry ins..
I was in a accident on a automatically deducted payments from my business account.
My brakes failed and i rear-ended someone on vacation in california.
I can go on forever about this one, but my recommendation is to find a different location or company.
Find a different broker or location!
What a terrible experience.
This place is worst out of all the locations in phoenix.
Long waits, only one teller working with 10 people in line, the list goes on.
Needs to be updated in the worst way.
The area is very crummy with all kinds of shady characters hanging around.
Lots of high pressure when it comes to opening up new charge accounts.
The only positive is the nice security guard by the door.
I only go in the branch if i really have to.
Otherwise i'll go somewhere else.
I am standing in line with 14 customers..only two tellers working wtf?
Very nice people here.
There are problems with long lines on friday's and saturday's.
There is a long line with 1 teller.
The manager often comes by and ask," can i help you?
She then tell most people," yep your in the right line."
She then proceeds to go back into the office.
I have to agree with stephanie.
The service is terribly slow.
Especially the drive thru.
After waiting in line for ever, i decided to just park and go inside.
Slow there too but got out faster than staying in the drive thru.
My wife and i went in on a saturday to finance a car.
Went thru the app process, was told they would contact me on the following monday.
Went online after a couple of weeks to request a call or some sort of contact.
I got an email back saying to come drive down to the nearest branch for service.
(note: not a branch rep).
She had to look up my app and tell me the results.
Went to bank of america.
Got an instant answer and great percent rate.
May be pulling out desert schools if this kind of service keeps up.
I am writing terrible review for this bank on sole purpose that it's the worst mobile banking experience.
It's like they are stuck in to stone age with everything.
In today's times you would figure that a good mobile experience would be key.
You know, because that's the trend now a days.
This app is terrible.
It's a complete failure and works half the time.
Don't bank here they are crooks .
Staff is always helpful, friendly, and inviting!!
They are usually quick, sometimes the occasional slow teller.
They do a great job and i love the atmosphere!!!
I enjoy coming here!
Their customer service sucks.
I want to start off saying my review is not for this location.
My review is for credit one bank in general.
Do yourself a favor and do not sign up with these people!!!
Just last week, i activated my card.
The same week i got a billing for $81.95 right off the bat!!!
I've never even used it!!!
But however, it hasn't been even 1 full month!!
No one ever did!
I ended up cancelling my account.
I'm so much better off!
The supervisor in india  (nick) who "helped" me said they couldn't send me an email saying my account was closed!
He asked me for my address.
But i said it should be on your screen in front of you.
You can read it back to me and i'll tell you if it's correct.
He said he couldn't read it back to me!
Very bad customer service!
I warn everybody, do yourself a favor and do not sign up with these people!!!
This branch is aweful.
How can you advertise something and not follow through with it?
This went on for about 5 months or so.
They fixed it right then and there and never had an issue since.
They also politely reimbursed me and repeatedly apologized for the way i was treated at this branch.
**end boring story**  okay anyway.
The gist is that the transfer didn't go through, but they never let me know that they had canceled it.
If my shit doesn't go through, fucking tell me my shit didn't go through!
How hard is it to set up automatically generated emails to let people know stuff?
Dear b of a, your cheap lollipops don't make up for your thoughtlessness and stressfulness and complication-inducing awfulness.
You better fucking be glad i got some sleep last night and i'm in a good mood.
I have never had a quick or timely experience here.
Excellent customer service by sandie sanchez.
Her friendly and personable attitude was the exact reason i chose one nevada credit union.
Steer clear of this agent's office.
When we first moved here from il, i only chose this agent because it was near where i lived.
They are horrible when it comes to returning your call.
They went up on my insurance when i moved to another location.
They didn't even look to see if i was eligible for any discounts.
State farm used to be a good company who cares about their customers, but not any more.
My agent in il would call me for my birthday as well as send a card for any occasion.
I'm not saying that everyone should do this, but it makes you want to refer them to others.
This place gets a bad rap from me and i would never refer anyone to them.
This excellence is no accident and must be company wide.
This bank is family owned and it shows in the quality of service.
Everyone is very friendly, professional and knowledgeable.
I'm greeted with genuine smiles and pleasant attitudes every time i go in.
Even the phone representative was super friendly and pleasant.
I do online banking and direct deposit.
Have never had an issue with the website nor with the deposits not being posted correctly/on time.
I opened my account while they were having a promotion and the incentive money was promptly paid as promised.
I thought "well i guess the honeymoon's over" and expected a decline in service.
I am happy to say i was wrong.
I still continue to receive first class service.
The bank locations are very clean with higher end interior design.
This is banking like it should be.
Other businesses could use this bank as a perfect business model.
Oh yes.......very very few fees (other bank atms and those are refunded at the end of the month!
There's a drive thru atm and a in-person atm unit.
Other than that, no complaints.
It's a chase bank branch in scottsdale.
What could go wrong?
When riverset was known as the pittsburgh teachers credit union, it was easily the best bank in town.
Since this, i have convinced a few friends to close their accounts and switch to a bank that cares.
I encourage you to go with another bank (we switched to ally which is better in nearly every way possible).
I want to support a small bank, but not when they are rude and evil.
Terrible customer service and wait times.
Go to the chase on apache instead.
They directed us to marisol federal credit union in downtown phoenix.
I was helped by moises and he was great!
Very professional very helpful very informative.
I will totally recommend this credit union to my friends in az
I give one nevada credit union on n. durango and el capitan 5 stars hands down !
So great credit union, great staff!
Their staff is caring and very helpful , great customer service .
Definitely having my friends and family com over to sed !
He explains everything and always makes sure the customers are 100% satisfied.
Bank is a joke.
Closed account for 6 months of inactivity and sent my money to the state.
Manager javier olarte has no idea how to handle foreign currency.
When i originally opened account, i was able to deposit without fees same day.
Now they tell me it will be 45 days and $50 because it's a new account.
Why did you let me open an account then?
First of all why did you close my account, 6 months really?
Oh and by the way you can't close the account because it's same day.
Phone calls will be made.
I know how the system works, i'm not new here as you seem to be sr.
Never had a bad experience here!
In fact there are two branches closer to my house and i choose to come to this one.
People are friendly and i'm usually in and out within minutes.
Overall, wells fargo is a decent bank.
This location is absolutely horrific.
According to the receipt i received, $200 would be available after overnight processing.
The next amount would be credited after 2 business days, and the remainder after 7.
This morning, i checked my account and somehow they managed to make my account close to 15k negative!
I called customer service immediately and was informed they could do nothing and the branch was solely responsible.
Banks hold large amounts in the federal reserve for the interest they accrue.
It only takes 24 hours for a local check to be transferred to the appropriate institution.
While there have been regulations enforced to limit the hold time, this is ridiculous.
Long story short, unless making a quick stop to use the atm, avoid this branch altogether.
This office is very professional and courteous.
Thanks carl for a great team!
On april 24, 2018, i paid off a $50,000 home equity loan in full.
On june 11, 2018, wf demanded i pay $109.37 in interest for a paid off loan!
Try hard not to use this crooked institution.
Thanks to ashley at the shadow branch for helping me!
She was able drop my payment on my vw saving $102.00 a month as well as dropping my interest rate!!!
All in a couple hours!
Her service was prompt and so helpful!
Kristen hurd was amazing!
If you need honest and genuine guidance she is the one!!
Costco capitalone - nothing to do with costco itself, i suppose.
It was one of my few times to call the capitalone-costco card's call centre 1-800-723-3500.
Talked to a gentleman named am*** (trying not to malign any specific person).
He started asking me security questions then asked me about last transaction made.
I may have misheard the question and said, "my last purchase was around $ xyz dollars..." the response?
"i am not asking for the amount you bought.
I am asking your last payment made."
In a louder tone.
Then came the next question.
"what is your credit limit?"
He then raised his voice (but not shouting) and said that these are standard questions... bla bla bla.
Well, he sounded like an angry teacher, scolding a 7 year old.
It was extremely unprofessional.
Their security group was very much more courteous as well as the technical support person who unlocked my account.
Same here, 1 bad egg spoils the efforts of all the good eggs.
Bank of america occupies much of downtown charlotte and they have done an amazing job of making the area great.
The building is very secure, retina scanners, plenty of security.
Lot's of food choices, bars, safe area to walk around!
I am extremely inconvenienced having to fill out forms every 6 months to provide proof of insurance.
I am keeping my eye out to take my loans elsewhere because of this practice.
And i will never apply for any future auto loans through them because of this.
I have been a member since 2000, they are slowly dwindling down and so has their customer service.
I don't think that i can stay with them another year.
When you call the 800 number , they customer service portion is forgotten completely.
Anyway, my husband and i had been talking about switching to pnc for some years now.
My aunt is a member of pnc in detroit and goes to this branch when she comes to charlotte.
I admire my aunt a lot, she's an attorney, so didn't think i could go wrong with this bank.
She said " i said it'll be in your account tomorrow" .
Every thing i asked her she was very short with me.
I joined them in december and waited 3 weeks for my 1st check to go through with them.
I didn't wanna go in having my 23 month old with me.
Short twist or an afro with blonde highlights with a jamaican accent.
I guess she's nicer to ppl who they try to get as customers and rude to actual customers.
He apologized and the lady who had the attitude didn't say anything.
I asked for their manager b/c that was my 2nd time coming in their being treated like crap.
They looked at each other and said "he's not here, he'll be here tomorrow".
I told him, "ok, because i had a complaint".
The lady then got on the phone and was talking to one of her co workers saying "where you at?
Hurry up and get here.
Why are there people in the lobby?
I don't feel like being bothered, i want them to go home".
Their walk atm is always broken.
The one i go to seems too shaky and the staff is rude.
The parking lot is mostly gravel and it is a disaster and will ruin your tires.
The signs make no sense.
And this chase facilities from the exterior is dirty.
I would not recommend coming here
Wtf.. why not put those people behind the glass as regular fuckin tellers!?!?
One star for being there!!
This company is so hard to deal with no way to talk with someone who speaks english.
Trying to get a simple letter and its impossible.
They keep telling me they can't email.
I just need to talk with someone in the usa not a call center in india.
This is by far the worst bank ever for small businesses.
There five star service guarantee is a joke.
Our banking manager kevin thornton promised us easy service with great customer service.
I constantly had debit card issues and not once would help or get our problem fixed.
Finally, the manager adrienne carrillo was even worse.
When confronted, she told me i was lazy and should never have deposited the check in the atm.
We had our account there for nearly two years, and we never had a check deposited that was returned.
As a small business owner, i would strongly suggest staying away from this branch.
Finally, their five star guarantee is worth nothing.
I've been here a handful of times.
Most of the time i go through the drive up atm.
I've also used the notary once.
I wish that was standard!
I've never had any issues at this location and staff is always friendly and eager to help.
It is quite busy at times since it's located in the heart of old town.
It's nice that they offer that instead of making you wait.
I would recommend to make an appointment ahead of time if you need one of those services.
I don't know what got into me.
I drove to wells fargo because i was issued an expense check.
It's a opportunity for you to pitch opening an account there.
My time is important to me!
Teller actually invited me to open an account because they had some kind of special going on.
I know better now and won't waste my time there again.
Worst credit card i've owned to date.
Seriously no matter what situation you are in you are better off not working with this bank.
Signed up got hit with a hidden $75 fee right off the bat.
They take the notion of getting "big banked" to a new level.
Made an online payment 3 days late for double the minimum payment.
I thought i was paying a payment and a late fee.
Them - "sir our system doesn't do that.
We are trying to help you out today.
Don't you see all the help we are offering.
Now i need your debit card to charge the late fee to"   mind boggling.
Easily the worst, most aggressive horrifying card i've owned to date.
It's basic customer service guys.
Don't treat your customers like shit.
I went in to deposit $300 cash.
Not sure how this happens as i swiped my card.
I then told her that can't be right.
I asked her what account did it get deposited in?
The look she gave me...
She didn't say from where she transferred it... just a snotty 'here you go' flip response.
So, i'm the problem for noticing the deposit went into the wrong account.
So whoever was working german on 5/2 at 3:00... you've got a real problem on your hands with her.
This branch atm just stole $500 from me.
Their atms apparently mess up all the time and they do nothing to fix it.
When i went in to tell them about it, they admitted that their atms are bad.
Do not use an atm at this branch.
I asked them to pull the video footage and the records for their atm and they "can't."
They don't have access.
So now i have to wait about 90 days plus to get my money returned.
She's always greeting customers when they walk in the door and is available to answer financial questions.
Everyone has been very helpful over the last 3 years i've banked with them.
I walked in today last minute and the two people helping me made my day so easy.
They offered water three times and asked if i needed anything while i waited.
5 star service thank you
Interest rates and hidden charges are many.
I am going to desert federal credit union.
I visited one nevada credit union last week and was extremely impressed with the customer service i recieved.
I was greeted promptly as i entered the door.
I felt like a vip.
Teresa was the representative that called me immediately to her desk and answered every question i asked.
The products/services that this credit union offers fits my financial needs.
Service at this location was fast and flawless.
I plan to take advantage of the 1.99% auto finance promo.
I like this particular location because the tellers are always very pleasant and quick.
I rarely go into banks since i prefer to deal with direct deposit and electronic transfer.
However, there is the occasion where i get a check from somewhere and need to deposit it.
It also gives me a chance to ditch work for a little bit; just don't tell my manager!
Thank you canyon state!
The problems i've had with this credit union - there are too many to comment about!
I've been a member with them when they first started as pittsburgh teacher's credit union.
Made you feel like family.
Along with the name change came other changes as well.
Some of which i could overlook - since i had been a member for so long.
Changes to their policies, such as the amount of money available after deposit.
But what irritates me more than anything now is the way they don't care about the customer.
Like, are you serious???
This is a credit union!
They have my money - and i need to speak with someone!
It always goes back to the voicemail.
So the other day, i was fed up and left a very generic message for them to call me back.
They called me back - 2 hours later.
How am i to conduct any business if i can't get ahold of you?
So on that note - i'm taking steps to close all my accounts with this credit union.
Please believe that this is going downhill, quickly.
I remember when membership was only open for those affiliated with teaching.
But now i believe membership is open to almost anyone.
And another thing - what credit union nowadays doesn't have saturday hours?
Donna echols was so helpful to both me and my boyfriend and myself.
I switched from us.bank
This is exactly the reason i do not prefer large banking institutions !
I feel treated like a number not a customer .
This bank's manager, clemente, is the rudest customer service person i have ever seen.
All other bankers were very polite, but the manager was just horrible.
I wanted to print out my statement which will take a banker 2 minutes.
I asked for the manager as i was told to.
He came out, somehow angry, and ordered me to sit down and wait.
He said he has to take care of the next customer who has an appointment.
I went to check with that customer and that customer was totally cool with me going first.
I went back to the manager and told him the situation.
The manager said,"why are you making a scene?
You made a scene because you went to check with the next customer.
Now i have to ask you to leave" i was so shocked!!
This is the worst boa i have ever been to and completely changed my view of boa.
It is so bad that i decide i'll discontinue my service with them and go to another bank.
Don't ever come here if you want to have a good mood for the day.
Why am i not surprised!!
Should of checked the reviews here before coming in.
It's oh sorry can't help you nexts please.
Seriously how hard is your job working for a bank!!!
I swear 9 times out of 10 their cash deposit button on the atm is down.
Rip off rip off rip off !!!!!
Do not get this card.
They keep adding fees and late payments to my card and it was closed a year ago !!!
Sometimes hard to get out of drive due to heavy traffic on central, but what else is new?
I always have a great experience at this location.
The staff is courteous, professional and always very helpful.
The great customer service is very much appreciated.
I have had several credit cards in the past and ended up using this card after credit issues.
I know how reputable credit card companies work.
I applied for the card and was approved.
I had to call to order another card because they told me that should never have happened.
I told them i was not going to pay the annual fee yet until i had actually received the card.
A late fee appeared and i had to call, yet again, to get this taken care of.
It was removed after a lengthy conversation.
I used my card sparingly through the year and always paid on time and paying off the entire balance.
I have never heard of a company requiring me to pay a fee to increase my credit line.
Credit card companies increase your credit line automatically, not after you pay a fee to do so.
I've also noticed other reviews state that after the first year they have now incurred a "monthly annual" fee.
Customer service had no explanation for this term when i called to ask about it.
I have not used this card in months and was assessed this "monthly annual" fee.
Well, since i don't use this card, i didn't know about this charge and fees.
Finally, i never used their express payment.
Do yourself a favor and find another card to rebuild your credit.
It is not worth the the future headaches you will endure with this shady company.
Remember that if you get it and then subsequently close the card you will hurt your credit score.
I have been banking with bank of america since 2004 and i am very happy with their customer service.
I looked over the desks and i saw a couple of bankers sitting there without any customer.
I asked her again if i really need to wait an hour; she replied "yes, one hour".
Wells fargo has always treated me very nice.
I'm not coming back here, unless i want to use their atms.
Recently looked at purchasing a second home and shopped around quite a bit.
Have used wells fargo and desert schools for smaller loans in the past and prefer desert schools.
They're local, they're service very friendly and we have been impressed with their attention to detail and to us.
This has been proven opposite at desert schools for us.
We appreciate their services and will continue to borrow from them in the future.
Thank you eric, jason and tyson for continuing to make it a positive experience.
This is my preferred chase branch.
They're always quick, friendly, and very competent.
They do notarization services for free too which is very convenient.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Nothing really stands out.
Did my banking and was on my way.
Easy in, easy out.
They don't know what customer service is.
They want to charge $5 bucks for a money order when i'm already a customer paying a monthly fee.
I'll just take my money out in cash and pay .49cents to western union.
Makes me want to switch banks.
Removing all possible stars.
This is not the first time this has happened.
We will be getting a new bank on tuesday.
When we first met bill, we knew we were in good hands!
Bill explained the home-buying process with the upmost and honest professionalism.
He discussed everything clearly and is very straightforward so that it is easy to understand.
When there were questions, he went over them until we got it.
He goes above and beyond his duties and we would proudly recommend bill to everyone!
When i walked in i was greeted by literally every employee that was working right there in the front!
"hello welcome into u.s. bank" all in sync i was like oh wow lol.
Cool i guess that's better than not being recognized and greeted at all right?
One of the banker/tellers that assisted me had great energy and very friendly.
I was in and out within not even 5 minutes and that was actually on a friday!
I was impressed because even on my exit everyone said goodbye.. all together again lol.
Any who until then thanks for the great service!
And how are all of your atms broken?
Typical b of a.worst bank ever.
Doesnt matter yet what branch you go to.
Scammiest credit card i've ever had.
Scheduled a payment for payday, instead they debited my checking account immediately.
This caused a nsf fee from my bank.
I went back to the website and now it's completely different and doesn't allow you to schedule payments.
I had to wait until my payment was returned to them to pay it off again, which was on payday.
Now their site has been broken for a week.
All the fields are just lines of code.
This is the absolute last resort credit card.
They hold my loan and now have a third party handling payments which i think may be doing something illegal.
They aren't allowing me to make principal payments without me calling and complaining to have it applied.
This has been going on for over a year.
Something is wrong because i pay an extra 1000 a month and still my principal doesn't go down 1000?
Anyone want to explain that to me??
Erika mchenry at this location is super nice, awesome, and provides amazing customer service towards her clients.
She has helped me numerous times and i felt obligated to share this review with everyone.
Thank you for being awesome!
Been a member for over 10years now and still a very happy client :d
First off, i don't think a lot of people know the definition of scam that are writing reviews here.
It's not surprising (and mostly likely not the banks fault) you're having trouble with this card too.
I've had this card for 7 years and no troubles.
Started with a $500 limit, crappy credit and now i'm at $2k and several other regular bank cards.
I only keep it open because it would severely drop the age of my accounts if i closed it.
I'm sure half their accounts are in some collection status.
If you're really paying with a debit card, just use your bank info and enroll in online payments (free).
It takes like 3-4 days to post.
I'm great full for credit one.
I only knocked a star off because automatic payments should be a must.
These guys spam me big time and no matter how many "unsubscribes" i submit they carry on.
Long wait , only a few people working at a time, disorganized, not customer friendly at all.
Me and the wife love this branch ....
Thought we'd lost our manager but mary bishop was moved around in a corporate shake up.
Their credit card is a rip off.
Never can speak with a live in-country rep. avoid
I've had my card for nearly two years, have never missed a payment or been late.
Not once, not ever.
I've been a loyal customer and have other cards with much lower rates, no annual fee and high credit limits.
This card offers no perks / rewards to boot.
I wouldn't recommend this card to anyone.
In short... activation fee: $75 annual fee: $6.24/mo introductory credit limit: $500 credit increases: infrequent and minimal
This very well could be the worst credit card company in the history of mankind!
We got this card after a bk to help reestablish our credit.
We understood that it would be a higher rate and that there is a $99 per year annual fee.
That being said, we are now 6 years into reestablishing our credit.
Have thousands of dollars of credit available with many companies, with lower rates and no fees.
Thought i would call to negotiate the fees.
Shame on you credit one bank!
Do i have to give this credit one bank "1 star" or no "star" at all.
They are such a scam & bad customer service.
Out of nowhere i got a fraud extra account and made me paid down the balance.
Called in and reported to them, they shut down my account when i had made my payment extra.
When i requested to speak to the supervisor, sound like everyone there are supervisors.
This is a big scam company.
They need to shut it down !
I won't return to this branch.
The 2 tellers are in security -almost like a box- which causes me to question if they get robbed frequently????
So i have had both visa and mastercard with them for at least 9 years.
Never missed a payment always on time.
So the verification question was we put 2 small deposit in your account please let us know what they were.
Went to my bank account and nothing.
Ok i will call first time in all these years.
Then continues to tell me the money is in my bank account and is arguing with me.
Way to much work for a card.
What an excellent branch!
Prenay and debra are outstanding people who care about their customers.
All of my family happily banks at this branch.
Useless pieces of garbage.
Every week it's a new problem.
Literally reported fraud and all that happened was my card was cancelled.
No new card, fraud charge still there, i called and there's no record of my fraud at all.
That's my last straw after years of terrible service.
Anyone who works here is a joke, go get a real job for a real company.
And put your money someplace decent!
Under the bed would be better!
I have been banking with big commercial banking institutions for most of my life, but never again!
I have had a great experience with marco wibowo and onenevada since opening my account.
I was wrong about that.
If anything, onenevada's mobile app is better than i have used!
Currently standing in line  here with another 25 people in line.
The worst customer service on the planet.
Card carries outrageously high service fees so read the fine print kids.
Stay away and go with another bank.
I love my branch staff is very friendly and its always very welcoming and other members are nice
I've banked with wells for well over 10 years including checking, savings and a home mortgage.
I have never been unhappy with the service i've received at wells.
By having the mortgage with them and keeping a reasonable minimum balance i get all my banking for free.
Wells has great online banking options and a very good mobile app.
I also love that there is a branch on every corner in las vegas.
This credit company is the worst company of any kind i have ever done business with.
I could write horror story after horror story but i tell you:  do not use this company.
Beware this is a scam.
First of all, they pretended to be capital one  and that fooled me .
I rather have a burned credit score then give them any money!
I will not stand by and let them continue their predatory ways.
There are plenty of other credit unions/banks that have much better customer service.
I am absolutely pleased with the service i received at one nevada credit union.
It was easily the best service i have ever recieved from a financial establishment.
Friendly employees and short wait times, everybody at this location is great, friendly and very professional.
Auto loan  rate is 2.79% and no payment for 90 days not even a dealership can give you this deal!
Caitlyn is a great teller,  i typically see her.
If your sitting down with a banker, kimberly is good.
Overall,  this branch never disappoints.
They are knowledgable and aim to please.
Free coffee and water, lollipops for the kids.
I love how you can deposit cash and checks through their atms.
Even in the drive thru!
Do not sign up with this company!
I have waited over a month and a half for them to send me my credit card .
I have called them 4 times and they give me the same answer.
She said she would call me back after finding out the tracking number.
Well surprise she never called back.
I have been a customer with them for almost 10 years .
No incentives and high interest rates.
I absolutely love this credit union.
I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends.
I've done most of my banking throughout my life with two institutions.
Chase, the megacorporation from chicago, and uw credit union, a non-profit organization that dominates the city of madison.
Uwcu: every single one of the above things is free.
I can't recall every paying uwcu a fee for anything.
Sure you can have a $500,000 mortgage!
We'll just distribute the bad debt to wall street and rob the shortfall from the government anyway!
If you do have bad credit they offer classes you can take as a prerequisite to joining.
Chase: two atms and one branch exist.
The two atms are usually broken, out of cash, or covered in garbage and spiderwebs.
Uwcu: tons of atms and three branches downtown.
Uwcu: prompts for a simple security question.
Impossible to manage my finances beyond looking at my recent history.
Chase: only open while you are at work, typically 9-4.
Uwcu: open on saturday mornings, and until 7 on weekdays, specifically so they can cater to worker bees.
Uwcu: friendliest, most helpful staff i have ever dealt with.
I don't believe i've ever been told "no, we can't do that."
Uwcu: no bullshit rewards that i never use anyway.
Dennae was extremely knowledgeable and friendly!
She helped me solve my problems and answered all questions regarding my account.
Cccu is lucky to have such an awesome msr!
Ing direct is my favourite bank.
I can say this with confidence because i have tried three different banks.
I love this location.
The service is great.
Since i found this location, i don't wanna go anywhere else unless i have to.
I always get greeting right the way when i step in or out of the bank.
If i can come here every morning to start my day from here i would.
You would think for a busy saturday in chinatown this branch would be packed with people.
I was in and out in no time!
Eh , can i leave no stars ?
You will wait 20 minutes to make a deposit .
Boa stop your economic racism
This is a crooked company that tries to piggyback off of capital one due to similarities in logo and name.
This is not capital one!!!!
This company will only hurt your credit and charge you more and more money.
Their customer service is horrible.
Worst credit card company i have ever had to deal with!
Avoid at all costs!!!!!
Unfortunately you can't write a review without a star.
They don't deserve one.
When we scramble inside to form another line, look, there's only 2 tellers!!!!!!
So after learning my lesson multiple times, i decided to try the drive through.
Nope it's just as bad.
14 minutes later, she finally sends my receipt back via vaccuum.
Wells fargo, you can never get it together.
Helpful, caring service, with smiles.
Tons of customer focused products.
I have banked here for years,  and i will be a life long customer.
Everything about this bank is a+.
They even have locations in supermarkets to make banking more convenient.
I prefer to bank in the us bank building where their top pros are ready for anything i need.
Other banks should study this bank's business model to see how it should be done.
When i walk in this bank, i feel happy knowing my money is in good hands.
I have never seen such a well run banking company in my life.
Use us bank and you will be a very happy customer!
Amazingly rude customer service and need an appointment just to open a checking account.
First bank i have ever seen that works that way.
I always go there & bank manager is pathetic.
She is rude to the customers & does not follow what she tells you.
Their new "relationship rewards" program is despicable.
Their new business model is to keep afloat by taking money from people who don't have much.
Millionaires bank for free.
I realize they're a business ("member-owned", ha!)
I've banked with them since i was 12 years old, i'm closing my accounts today.
My favorite bank hands down!
I went into this location to handle some business and the service was quick and exceedingly exceptional.
They are very informative knowledgeable about their services.
Only draw back is that this location closes at 5pm and there is no drive up atm.
I haven't had too many great experiences here.
The outside atm wasn't working, the atm on the outside of the building wasn't working.
I went inside and got in line.
Definitely wasn't cool, and i most certainly didn't appreciate this as i was in a hurry.
If i ever go back inside this location, i hope the service is better and faster.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Nice quick tellers with a manager always greeting on site.
As an employee of a merchant, i come in about once a month to get change.
The gentleman teller jose is professional, kind, and accurate.
Thank you for the consistent customer service!
It's the worst ever, first when i open my account they call me around 20 times a day!!
Just for little groceries.
"suggest you to use another way out payment"....seriously????
So i can't trust this bank either.
Other form off payment??
So what the hell do i need this credit card?
And the last insult..."we notice that you never purchase that huge amount"!!
!, wait because im gonna buy a house our bentley with $140.42 right????
This company seriously sucks...im closing my account
The worst credit card company in the world.
They charges you to raise credit limit.
They they try to change yearly fee days after sending new cards.
Then they were willing to drop fee for 3 months.
They then tell me they can do nothing else.
When i inform them i'm cancelling the card they offered to drop interest by 1.2 percent.
I decided to just drop this scumbag of a company.
This is the worst credit union that i have ever had.
Who holds a cash deposit that long?
Bank of america cash deposits go through as soon as you make the deposit at the atm.
Two strikes for this bank and i've only been with them for 1 month.
This is absolutely one of the worst credit unions to exist.
The company preaches "excellent member service", yet provides some of the worst customer i have ever experienced.
The staff is very disconnected from management.
Do not bring your money here!
I have been a member for several years and i am extremely pleased with the customer service at this location.
I have interacted with various employees and have never encountered anyone that is rude.
In fact, i find them to be extremely competent and accommodating.
They do a lot for the local community and i appreciate their commitment to local charities.
I've been with wells fargo for over 20 years.
To avoid this, i usually just park in the large parking lot that the bank is part of.
The banking hours are typical and they are open longer on fridays to accommodate pay days.
The bankers and tellers are always friendly and greet you with a smile.
What's going on with this location?
On a monday, they only have 1 teller available and some days only 2 tellers.
When i visit i always find myself waiting no less than 30 minutes.
Worst bank i've ever dealt with.
Everything is so complicated and has a charge attached to it.
There app is horrible and you can't even make your loan payment with it.
After having an auto loan with them my vehicle was total loss from an accident.
I had already put the deposit down and purchased the vehicle.
I was blown away.
America first credit union has been amazing.
I went in and within 2 hours i was approved and had a check in my hand.
I had a lovely experience at this wells fargo location.
I was helped by javier lopez and he was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about my questions.
He was very patient and kind and i'd recommend him to all my friends!
Do not open a checking account here with privilege pay!!!
Then when you call them they lie and say they tried to call you but you didnt answer - really?
No voice mail, nothing on the phone's call log.
Stick with a real bank that doesn't offer a scam.
I've had a savings account here for a while.
I didn't have such a great experience in the past but went in to open a checking account.
If more businesses had employees like that, it would be a more enjoyable experience doing business.
Truly the worst customer service i have ever experienced.
Do not bank here.
What a giant mistake.
This process has been botched by no less than 4 of your employees.
First i got pre-approved to make this process easier.
I then hear nothing until monday when i finally decide to call and check on the status of the loan.
The lady says oh i still need information.
I notify the seller and he then sells the car.
This is the single worst customer experience i have ever received.
I have been a member of desert schools for at least 2 decades.
After all this a manager says to me, alp sorry nothing we can do now.
If all i am going to get is a whoops from you guys then you leave me very little choice.
We are pulling all of our money out.
When i make a deposit or withdraw, the bank tellers are always very quick and professional.
One was chatting on her phone and the other was just looking at her nails.
After awhile, they finally noticed that i was there for them before they seated me.
Good place to bank at, sadly there's only 1 teller doing both the front counter and the drive-thru.
Happy they don't close until 6pm compare to bank of america that only open until 5pm.
Today i walked into the branch at its peak hour, the lines curved almost to the door.
I was extremely satisfied, even amazed by the service.
I want to thank alejandro for truly a professional service.
Crystal is excellent and her customer service is one of kind superb.
I enjoy her knowledge about all the products available for my financial needs.
Marisol is a great credit union.
2) they switched debit card providers to a card that was flimsier.
The $10 fees for when they're cracked were adding up.
So if the thieves rack up some expensive online purchases, that could be an issue  4) they have limited branches.
Their clientele is primarily maricopa county employees, and the most convenient branch was shut down.
As i mentioned, their service when it comes to loans is outstanding.
Even for the credit challenged.
It's a good place to have a savings account should you need loan services.
But it can be a bit challenging to have a checking account with them.
If you're aware of the drawbacks and are okay with them, jump aboard.
I cannot wait to get my funds moved from this credit union.
Horrible service; poorly trained staff and just as bad as the big banks in adding fees, charges, etc.
I always believed in credit unions, esp.
Hours, but i've had it w/ desert financial.
Your name change does nothing to change your image, lack of service, etc.
I used uwcu when i lived in wisconsin, primarily when i lived in milwaukee and madison.
The differences between uwcu and major banks in the atmosphere, value, and services is incredible.
I hadn't given it much consideration until recently.
Even now, living on the west coast, i've still maintained my uwcu membership.
Every now and then i'll have to call them for something, as i did today.
The people on the other end are always cheerful and helpful.
Such a nice change from the usual customer service phone experiences.
Keep up the good work!
You guys very good as others on banks))), but hours must be changed!
I moved to henderson from san francisco 6 yrs ago.
I retired from a company in northern california after 24yrs of service and moved to henderson.
Every time my husband would deposit a check in my account the staff at this branch would hassle him.
The last straw was this year when i was in hawaii and he went in to deposit a cashier's check.
After 20-25 min of them calling wells fargo and him requesting assistance from the branch mgr, they deposited it.
News flash, branch mgr, that is not a 3rd party check!!!
The gentleman who assisted me at chase was shaking his head and couldn't understand why they wouldn't take the check.
Hmm, makes   me think its because of our skin color, hmm.
No worries, their loss!!
Well it's only one star because nothing happened.
What i mean is, there was no teller to help me with my business.
Worst service i've encountered.
Went to deposit money from my company and the teller was just straight up rude to me.
I don't recommend coming here.
They need to get rid of this lady because she is going to cause this branch nothing but bad reviews.
I came here to simply deposit a cheque into the atm after hours when td was closed.
Nothing special about this process.
They were all sitting in a circle singing the lego movie song.
:d everything is awesome!!
Everything is cool when you're part of a team!
I hate and love this song lol.
The energy was quite infectious!
I should come to this td more often.
I purchased the domain this morning (05.13.2016) - http://disputecreditonebank.com.
Please allow me until end of day on 05.15.2016 to finish the site.
I am inviting you to post your complaints about unfair dealing practices if you are impacted.
I appreciate the help.
I had an illegal charge go through my card on 5.13.2016 and called them to dispute the issue.
I talked with an account supervisor (jenny / id 0313024888) and an account manager (desiree / id 0313065028).
I regularly bank with chase and capital one and had never heard of anything so ludicrous.
They could not help but asked me to send a letter to their las vegas office to start the proceedings.
I was transferred to another number but could not get a human to initiate the cancellation.
I asked them the reps at credit one who regulated their bank and to whom could i escalate my issue.
Anticipating that i would be told fdic, i was referred to the bbb.
When does bbb regulate banks?
They are completely clueless, unethical and corrupt.
This has to change.
The journey starts with you, please do not suffer in silence.
Leave me your story and let others learn from you.
I am also posting the names of the sister banks here, beware!!
Do not put yourself through the agony of using this bank.
Avoid this place at all costs.
Credit unions promise a better, more human experience than a bank does.
However, if you go over even a small amount you will be charged overdraft fees on top of overdraft fees.
They are just as bad as a bank.
Keep your money somewhere else.
Saturday morning one teller at the window 5 employees on duty and 20+ people in line.
Why would they not want to get people in and out.
Worst bank of america i have ever been to!
If your looking for boa, look somewhere else!!
There are 23(i counted) people in front of me, 4 behind me and only  3 tellers open...what???!!
I doesn't not make sense, if the employees see all this line, why don't they open more tellers?
Boa is one of the banks that take more "bank" fees then any other banks.
As i write this review, there are now 9 people in front of me......39 minutes later.
By the time it's my turn it would be closer an hour wait!
Yelp should come up with 0 stars!
This boa deserves -0 stars
Why doesn't b of a do something!
Two tellers and 26 people in line.
One window had a customer problem which took over one hour.
Just because you let everyone have a day off or given too many people time off shouldn't be my fault!
If you don't want business why don't you just close all of your locations!
Sandie sanchez introduced herself to me and she took the time to explain to me the different account options.
Over the next week i had some follow up questions and sandie was quick to call back and explain.
Imagine that...calling a bank and speaking to a live person.
So i set up an appointment with sandie and she set me up with my accounts.
I am looking forward to doing more business with one nevada.
Today was the first and last time i'll use this branch location.
I pulled into the driveway where the teller is.
I had to pull into the second lane because the first lane is for the atm and not the teller.
I was the only car out there and waited over 12 minutes before pushed the caller the teller button.
I received no response.
I waited even longer and had to call the branch to have someone help me.
They acted as if they didn't see me.
I rang the bell!
No apology but attitude.
Fix the bell, put a teller at the window and shorten the wait time so, your bank is more convenient.
That is us bank customers biggest complaint.
Get it together us bank or you'll loose customers like me.
I have had state farm insurance for a very long time.
I was informed that my loyalty discount dated back to 1993.
While i haven't had any issues until now, the reality is that i really don't contact them very often.
I still have not heard from rick and it is now 2 weeks later.
Ryan is extremely knowledgeable and helpful every time i have spoken with him.
You can truly tell he is passionate about his line of work and takes pride in what he does.
I highly recommended anyone interested in opening an account or has an existing account, to go see him!
I can't understand why people who can't do simple calculation and counting is hired...
I'm having a panic attack in there.
We recently refinanced our mortgage and working with john was overall a positive experience.
At the end of the day john always responded to questions with answers or suggestions.
He never stopped taking my calls, even when things got muddy, and i wasn't always level headed.
The fact that the lines of communication always remained open is the only reason we got done and closed.
Whether by email, call or text he was always available and for that i'm grateful.
I will happily recommend to others.
I'd give zero stars if i could figure out how!
Oversees workers talk over you so quickly and never answer your questions.
They hang up on you if you request to much information.
They refused to cancel my card upon request until i demanded someone in the states.
Once i did that they transferred me to another oversees person who started they would cancel my account.
Do not use this institution for any of your home financing needs.
The buyers who are customers of tscu, wanted to use tscu to finance their home.
Even to their own customers they have given all parties involved a horrible experience.
I want to talk a little bit about the buyers first.
The buyers in this transaction are extremely strong and very low risk.
They are putting down 50% cash and asking tscu to finance the rest on a conventional loan.
The appraisal was never an issue though.
It came back good at the purchase price.
So we all thought we were good.
Now, the loan officer for this.
Her name is tammy roberts -- make sure never to use her.
Somehow, she missed that this transaction was an investor flip.
She ran it as just a regular sale, but someone in underwriting caught the mistake.
Her negligence in this matter caused a second appraisal to be ordered, on a conventional loan no less!
Which caused us to have the closing date pushed back.
The buyer's incur the cost of this by the way.
They have now had the file over 7 weeks.
So everyday this house doesn't close, he is losing money.
To this date, the buyers have racked up an additional $1400.00  in per day fees.
Don't get a home mortgage here.
I have had 2 clients who were pre-qualified and denied after a long, drawn out process.
Go to a smaller lender where underwriting is right down the hall and you can actually get results.
Traffic on i-15 and sahara at rush hour crawls faster than the line moves inside this boa.
Need service from a banking assistant?
Cool your heels pal, nobody moves fast here.
This boring, dull, energy sucking place is a building that represents a waste of prime sahara ave. facing space.
Just spent 20 minutes trying to activate a new bmo harris business debit that arrived in the mail.
The first two attempts on the automated voice phone service failed after providing the information (correctly).
Then a customer service rep comes on the line.
He asks me to identify myself, which i did.
Card number, last 4 of social, etc.
Then i get the checkbook in front of me and told him to ask me the questions again.
Now he says he can't help me over the phone, i need to go into a branch!
I told him to put a supervisor on the phone.
He says that there was not one available, he would have one call me back in 24 hours.
I have never had a problem activating a wells or bofa card.
Bmo harris is apparently really challenged by this.
Everyone is very nice here, and quick to help.
I recently just got a new car loan and leesa was amazing with the process.
Everything went smooth and fast!
I came into the bank to get a new debit card and pin set up on my bank account.
Personal bankers annette and lilian were both super helpful and pleasant to work with.
The bank greeter was also very friendly and helpful.
I've been a wells fargo customer forever and this might be my favorite branch!
They make me give at least 1 star and that's one too many.
I threw away a mailer from this card requesting that i apply every couple of week.
Then i figured one new card to use strictly for coffee, lunch & etc.
And then pay it off so no interest.
I dont want to hear this b.s.
I want to activate my card.
So you activate the card after a little hassle and think your all good.
Nope next you get a set up your card online.
I was hesitant at this point because the online setup portal asks for your social.
I'm thinking this is a set up aww h@!!
I call in guess what happens?
Is the suspense killing you well loose another 5 min.
So for the last two month i have reset my password but still cant get in.
I have to call they accept my payment over the phone and say they will wave the fee.
Which i have never heard before in my life.
I swear credit card companies usually screw you but there nice.
These guess let you know out of the gate there is no love we only want your money.
We will not improve our website, what for if we did that we would charge you another 49$.
I will say the reps have been clueless when i call but at least nice.
I will close this card cause i dont need another headache !!
We've been members for 3 years and counting with cccu .
This branch is the one we always go to and we definitely get great service here.
Shout out to dennae and all the staff for always having service with a smile!
The employees at this branch are friendly, helpful, and willing to answer any question regarding the bank's corporate policy.
This is the problem-bmo's corporate policy regarding customers needing immediate access to mortgage information at the branch.
They know it is a bad policy, but other than using your own computer, they have no options to suggest.
Upside-sometimes they serve free cider and popcorn in the fall.
I'd rather not give all the details but they are extremely picky when it comes to opening an account.
1 old cable bill denied me.
Worst customer service ever.
They don't know what they are doing, unprofessional.
Would not recommend to anyone.
There are better credit unions out there that are truly people helping people.
Got 20 dvd's for $20.
Most of them looked new/never used.
This place has lots of cool stuff.
The chase bank cashier did not show standard customer service skills.
She was abrupt and acted that like we were a nuisance for trying to deposit a check.
As if we were bothering her.
Lots and lots of banks in the phoenix metropolitan area.
Looking now for the best deal, in any case leaving chase bank thanks to this idiot.
The service is just terrible.
They can't even allow you to deposit a check without making you jump through hoops.
I'm just done with wellsfargo in general.
This has to be one of the worst banks ever.
Seriously on a friday afternoon they only have one teller working especially if there's a long line.
Understandably more and more people aren't needing to go inside but that does not excuse bad service.
Bank of america  is the worst bank ever.
They sneak in fees anyway they can and have only 1 or 2 tellers at the window at all times.
Zero stars for me
We are very lucky to have found john- he is extremely honest, diligent, knowledgeable and hard working.
We will definite use him again
Most disgusting, unprofessional customer service ever in the history of credit cards!!!!
No one knows proper english, terrible payment methods.
Can never have a payment online and always have to call every week to fix issues that they never correct.
Awful company i would not recommend it to anyone whatsoever!!!
I was issued a credit limit of $500 in 2006.
I never used the full amount, and i made my monthly payments.
A year later my balance was $400.
Though i was being charged $9.00 to  pay by phone i wanted to stop the annoying phone calls.
A year later the balance was still $375..i stopped the gravy train.
Last week they put a restrain on my account for $1,865.00.
I am scheduled to go to court on november 19th.
That card is designed for people who are trying to rebuilt their credit i made a terrible mistake accepting it:(
This is the worst service experience i've ever had at a financial institution.
Reconfirmed my dislike for bank of america!!!
Very bad customer service!!!!!
Just went to deposit a check and i didn't have a pen to sign the back of my check.
Everytime i go to this paticular branch i am treated very rudely.
This card helps with establishing credit but the customer service is terrible.
I used to have an account there but they would always put a hold on my expense check.
It didn't matter that the check was drafted on a bb&t account.
So i closed my accounts and switched to wells fargo which has been great.
Today the indian trail location wanted to steal $8 from me to cash the check.
I asked the clerk if i wanted to cash an $8.50 check they would charge $8.00?
The clerk said yes with a smile.
Rude service as usual.
This place just get worst.
They are the worst of all the evil banks in business today.
The people are still nasty there, treat u like a criminal when you challenge something on your card.
Their web site is horrible and again just nasty people who work there.
Maybe under my bed.
Desert financial you folks really are not nice very rude and nasty.
Your website is trash.
Using an ipad or iphone it says my session expired every time i go to make a loan payment.
Can't wait to refinance my truck loan and leave your terrible credit union in my rear view mirror.
We have been with cccu for about two months now and couldn't be any happier.
Everyone at this branch has been so helpful!
Not only did we move all of our banking, but ended up refinancing our cars here as well.
She is who sent us to lena to get our cars refinanced.
Lena was amazing and made the entire process smooth and seamless.
We are so glad that we switched!
Def recommend to everyone.
I currently have 2 accounts with them.
The people at the call center argue with you, have attitudes, and cut your of while speaking.
I can barely even understand what they are saying.
Paying these cards off then closing these accounts forever!!
I use this one the most.
Sometimes they are friendly, sometimes they are not.
Idc about that right now anyway.
What i hate is their phone system.
Why can't someone just answer the phone?
No one is that busy.
I heard you are closing all your physical locations and going 100% on-line.
If true, i am no longer using your bank.
So if you are doing this, you ought to know i wont be the only one to go.
Greed is the only reason to cut out jobs and give no customer service that counts.
Are you going 100% online banking?
This is a particularly nice branch within the thousands that wells fargo offers.
The service is wonderful, but try to avoid coming in the late afternoon: the line gets crazy.
Ever lose your bank card?
It sucks having to wait for a new one in the mail for a week.
Sometimes too, you have a serious need for it.
I needed a card fast since i'm going on vacation and my wallet was stolen.
This branch can make debit card replacements on the spot!
Go sit in the blue seats and wait to see a banker, not line up to the teller.
I was out of there within 10 minutes!
Close to my house and can save me from card frustrations - this branch is a lifesend.
Had this guy as an insurance agent for multiple years.
Handles transactions like it's a small town firm.
Have multiple cars, home and rental properties.
Hands down first rate in service and can't beat the cost.
His staff is first rate and always knows the answers to the questions.
Wouldn't go anywhere else
No greater to direct customers to proper location.
This causes customers to waste time in wrong line.
For more information, see my review of the nellis blvd location.
I'm writing another on this location because i've had a few dealings here as well.
Came in for a personal loan.
We came in, had a specific schedule where we had to pick our son up from school.
We were kept waiting past our scheduled appointment about 1/2 hour.
Only one teller working, ridiculous wait time!!!!
No excuse for waiting half an hour to deposit a check!!!
In general i prefer credit unions to banks.
I've moved all my money out of banks into credit unions.
This credit union is the exception.
In short, they stole $10 from me.
The long story is, last year i set up a checking account for our family trust.
In the process i was forced to create 2 savings accounts with token amounts of $5 each.
I was told this was a requirement of credit unions.
Even though i had nearly 6 figures in the checking account.
I was not told this when i set this up and i feel i have been robbed!
Beware of this place.
My parents opened the account for me and put $50 in to start me out.
This place was also where i got my first credit card.
And first car loan.
Then it was the first time i paid off the car too.
Now they financed my first cab for my taxi business.
So yeah lots of fond memories.
This branch is very convenient and centrally located in tempe.
Tscu as a whole is a great financial institution.
I don't pay checking fees.
They have been good about waiving any overdraft fees.
They always have great rates.
I downloaded an allpoint app to tell me where all those atms are at.
Take that big banks!
I was worried because of all the negative reviews.
I have had the credit one bank card for 2 months with no problems at all.
I use my card to purchase items, then i pay my bill.
My local financial center.
Also did an awesome job of thoroughly explaining the benefits my relationship and account types give me.
Always great service here.
Robert page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on october 16th.
Then he pushed it back until october 18th.
Then he pushed it back until october 21st citing some ridiculous reason.
You see the trend?
Then, we were supposed to close on october 28th....which didn't happen either.
If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise.
He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise.
Of course, they reneged on that as well.
If you love being lied to, then chase is the way to go for your mortgage!
I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at chase.
I had to call multiple managers at chase before anything was done.
They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me.
$1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us.
If i could go back, i would have gone to a federal credit union for my mortgage.
Or they tell you to go use the machines.
Read your reviews if you really care about your customers!!
Looking for a new bank!
Avoid this company at all costs.
I was charged late fee when i didn't even use the card.
The previous rep specifically told me they would close the account and take care of the fees.
Nope, still balance of $170 from not even using the card.
I asked a simple question "will you be mailing me the results of dispute?"
He kept asking me can you repeat your question?
And kept accusing me of not providing the correct info.
I only told him 5x that i never used the card.
Never had such a horrible experience with a cc company.
Avoid at all costs!!!!
Report these outsourcing scammers to bbb and ftc!
I've been banking with desert schools, now desert financial for about 12 years and i've had nothing but good experiences.
Their rates are better than any of the big banks, and they aren't sleazy blood suckers like bofa or wf.
Crap card  and crap customer service.
I am in good standing never late etc.
But i called cs to stop all the constant spam calls and emails omg they are totally unprofessional.
I will cancel after i get m y house.
Folks, let's keep the rating on this company as low as possible.
Luckily, the owner/manager of the company who was called waved further references.
But this is just the beginning.
Less than two weeks later, i was able to pay back the loan after receiving a big sum of money.
However, returning the loan was far from hassle free.
I have a safety deposit box here and never have a problem with the service at this location.
I've had the pleasure of walking in this branch and meeting michael.
He's the branch manager and he assist me with opening up an account.
It was such a pleasure for him to take the time and show me those things.
The staff was great too
Its a bank and they haven't pissed me off so i will give them 4 stars.
It must suck being a bank, who would go out of their way to right a nice review?
I only use the atm at this branch.
I have to pay rent and i'm always 20-30 waiting to deposit a check worst bank experience every time.
We attempted to get a loan from bofa in 2012 for our first home - a new construction condo.
That experience was horrible and we ended up almost losing the condo because bofa could't meet their promises.
Bill stepped in and completed our loan in 14 days.
Our second loan was a breeze.
We have always found them to be upfront, extremely knowledgeable, responsive and efficient.
We will never use any other lender again.
Bank anywhere else but u.s. bank
Today i came in with my boyfriend to start off his account with desert schools and to deposit a check.
He also added the referral program info so we could get some extra cash!
He was super helpful, caring, and funny!!
He has an awesome personality and it was a pleasure talking to him.
We enjoyed coming in today and felt in no way rushed or unhappy.
This branch is located inside of albertsons-osco on tatum and shea.
Always helpful and super friendly.
The bank has access to an atm, lines inside the branch are never long.
Great banking experiences here.
Since the last review was written in 07 i thought i would present a more updated version.
I typically visit  this location on pay days and once in awhile in between.
This location is very easy to spot!
When you first enter the business hellos come your way from all different directions.
You do not go un-noticed at this bank.
Wait time is typical and  there is always 2-4 girls working the counter.
In my opinion if you just want to cash your check and run; use the drive thru.
If i'm in a hurry i'll use the drive thru myself.
The interior of the building means nothing to me if the customer service is outstanding!
I went through the process, and you have to confirm your email, which took about four minutes to arrive.
As soon as it did i hit ht link, and the url said my link was expired.
So i called customer service and got ali, #157 as she stated.
She said she did.
She said she would put me on hold and then hung up on me.
I called back and this time i got allison.
She hung up as well.
These little girls have a lot to learn about their job responsibilities and deferring to a supervisor.
I have been dreading opening an account for quite some time.
I always just use cash everywhere.
But after visiting the branch today and was fortunate enough to have sandy helping me ...the experience was actually pleasurable.
The only thing i didn't like was she said she is always at a different branch.
It's nice to know if you have concerns or issues that person will more than likely be there.
Anyways i have no issue with bank of america nor the service at this location!
One of the better ones for sure!
Cibc must be paying quite a bit to toronto pearson airport authority to be the exclusive banking service inside yyz.
Convenient as a traveler if you need some last minute currency exchange for emergency cash on hand.
If you are a cibc customer, you can do a debit from your account towards the foreign cash you purchasing.
I would just purchase what necessary but not more.
Staff is friendly and eager to help!
I need to stop into this branch once a month or so because it is convenient on my drive home.
The staff is always friendly and polite, but they never have enough tellers working.
One person with a lengthy transaction will cause the line to come to a standstill.
They definitely need to have more windows open (especially during peak periods).
This business makes me wish i could give negative stars.
Here's the deal; at the cob on 10-29, i had $12.52 in my account.
For no discernible reason, they deducted an nsf fee from my account.
Despite still being in the black.
The morning of 10-30, the denny's transaction from the prior day, for $11, clears my account.
And i get another nsf fee.
Because my account is overdrawn.
Because of the nsf fee from the previous night.
I was on the verge of my head exploding.
I have withdrawn almost every dime from this institution (still have transactions pending) and will never work with them again.
They will literally rob you.
Great bank and great people!
We were helped immediately and we were helped by a good guy named gilbert.
He was very accommodating and willing to do everything we needed to get done.
All of the people are friendly and all have personalities.
I wanted to shoot you an review and let you know what an asset aj is to your company.
I'm sure you already know, but he has been fantastic from the get-go.
He's a personable guy and these days, that can make all the difference!
Please set him up for any awards you might have there or promotions, etc.
I can't be the only one raving about his work.
Always appreciated and keep it up you guys!
I had a issue with a loan officer there and bill bright went over and beyond to make things right.
He understood and listened to me on the situation.
By him responding and wanting to make me feel comfortable means a lot.
Alexis was also great listening to me and making sure i was taken care of.
Sometimes as realtors we do not get that treatment from management at a mortgage company.
Ryan reached out to me today too wanting to let me know more about the company services.
Bill, alexis, and ryan rock!!!
If your in need of a title loan come to usa money they have low rates and great customer service...
Also there's almost always a line so if you don't mind waiting, this is a good spot.
Their biggest scam is the "fraudulent charges scheme" let me explain how that one works,  1.)
Then they will suspend your account and block online access.
They will tell you that the account needs to be closed and a new card issued.
Note: the bank has over 100,000 card holders.
600,000 annually in card replacement fees alone.
Service at this branch can be fast if there isn't a huge lineup.
Usually i've been able to take care of all my banking needs at this branch.
They are friendly courteous and ask you have a nice day as you leave.
They are open late on thursday's and friday's
The group that works here are very helpful and have frequently gone above and beyond my expectations.
They have been a notary multiple times.
They are very professional and have demonstrated great customer service.
I've always done banking with chase since i was a kid.
Compared to other locations i've gone to,  this location has friendly staff.
I've dealt with the drive thru tellers, inside tellers, personal bankers, and their investment banker.
All of them were very helpful and friendly.
I was already skeptical about how long it was taking for the card to arrive.
It's been 10 days and it still hasn't come and their website doesn't have a "mailing date".
I've read too many bad reviews to even try and work with them.
I've worked too hard to reestablish my credit to take a chance with this company.
Thank you to everyone for the reviews.
This is a reflection that they have no interest in meeting their customers needs.
Don't you dare do anything that may incur charges - or you won't be extended any courtesy going forward.
Forget credit unions in this state - they are ruthless!
Been banking with b of a for fourteen years and over the years, i've ran into issues regarding my account.
I sat down and discussed my issue with guillermo.
He was super helpful, accommodating and had great customer service skills.
I used to be a customer with bank of america.
Haven't had an account with them for about 10+ years.
I was just using my other non-bofa atm card to see how much fees i would be charge.
This company has the worse customer service i have ever encountered.
Do not get a credit card with this company.
I called to cancel my card and was transferred several times and no one spoke clear english.
$8 to cash a check?!
So they charged me $8 to cash one of their own checks?!?!
Come on chase bank!
And this was after i waited in line for nearly 10 minutes to get to the teller.
Chase bank will never ever see any of my business.
This bank is a joke.
They process each person slower than i have ever seen.
(literally the 2 in front if me have taken 15 minutes each).
They only have 2 tellers working and often tell me they don't have enough cash to cash my checks.
Why does the bank not have enough cash???
Where else should i go to get cash?
I think they have forgotten their role.
Very refreshing to be treated like a human (: great customer service and no bullet proof glass.
Feels like a financial institution rather than 24 hr checks cashed and payday loan/boa(:!!
Sandie made my experience quick and painless.
Https://m.soundcloud.com/pleasurewizard/kafka-calls-the-credit-card-company   here is the remix of the samples of me on the phone with credit one bank.
When i first contacted this business i had high hopes despite the type of industry it is in.
I thought he was joking .
But evidently he wasn't that is why i have the storage fee.
Because i am paying it off early.
I am disappointed to say the least.
I will not be back to do business with them ever again..
I enjoy stopping by this branch as i usually do not encounter a line inside.
Note: all branches offer coin counting for all customers and it is free for cmcu account holders.
The process is quick and easy and the kids get a kick out of it.
Especially when another branch i had been to earlier that day and the phone banker had told me otherwise.
Also, the lobby was unsightly.
If i can give it a negative rating, i would.
However this bank is one of the many reasons i hate doing business with bofa.
Just because they don't offer the account does not mean i need a new one, so i said no.
After she finished my name change she was like "you're done" and i replied "i am?
Or you are with me?
Leaving no room for me to say yes yes yes in between, because it was a yes.
She got my cash.
Fast forward to today over two weeks later, still no sign of debit card.
I called over to the customer service line, come to find out she never even ordered my debit card.
I mean seriously that girl has some nerve.
Your staff at the north el capitan branch has been excellent!
They all deserve great recognition from the effort they have put in to keep me as a member.
Please go in and give them all high-five's and lollipops, or some kind of reward.
They have been fabulous and deserve a treat.
This location primarily handles business accounts.
The employees are always super duper friendly!
Not much else to say but over the past ten years i have banked with wells i have zero complaints.
Never had an overdraft or other "issues" so i have no clue how they handle issues such as those.
:)   very nice company!
I wish i could leave zero stars for them.
Worst bank i have ever had.
No, second worse compared to gobank.
I cannot wait until i close my account with this scam, s**t a** company.
You cannot access it online.
As much as i appreciate the opportunity to get a credit card, i reacted to fast to the offer.
I am sure in my haste i didn't pay attention to the offer, but that seems a little extreme.
This is the main us bank location for phoenix.
They are very nice and helpful.
I have not had any issues with them.
I'm going to continue to bank there, they do a great job.
I have been a state farm client since i began driving at 18.
I've been with state farm, pat estfan's office, since moving to arizona in 2003.
I honestly wouldn't think of trusting my insurance needs to anyone other that state farm!
Bill bright and his team were truly amazing from beginning to end.
Apparently they had my docs put together perfectly because i only had 2 underwriting conditions that were extremely simple!!!
I would absolutely recommend them in the future and will definitely be using them again myself.
The ladies here are always so helpful.
I've had credit one for a year and half and i've never had one problem with them.
I started with them to help build my credit after a bad divorce.
Yes, the interest rate is pretty high and there are better.
No, you can't really ask for a credit limit increase, but that's ok.
I have a limit over $1,000 and with two other cards over $1,500 and $2,250.
My credit rating is almost hitting 700 and i just bought a new home.
I'm not sure they refuse payments considering i've made payments the day the bill became available.
Yes, i did think they were a capitol one account at first (and i have two of them).
I have never had my account threatened or received threatening phone calls.
I've never had my card hacked either.
Everyone's experience with credit one will be their unique experience, but mine has not been bad at this point.
They made me answer 20 different  security questions because my debit card is lost.
Even though i answered all the questions correctly they still made me call corporate to get an approval.
I've spent almost 45 minutes with two children simply trying to make a non complicated withdrawal from my account.
I shouldn't have to fight this hard for my money.
The location at durango and flamingo is pathetic.
Bad service rude tellers.
This is why people go to major institutions.
I'll stick with bank of america.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Oh how i love my sweet little bank.
I always get a warm welcome when i walk in.
I've only been a member for a year but i will never use anyone else.. well unless i move.
Can't get better than that and everyone loves that cute popcorn stand right when you walk in.
Horrible experience with a mortgage loan.
Our underwriter was completely disorganized and asked for things like our driver's licenses several times.
How does a bank not have the ability to do electronic transfers?
The excuse, "we are a small bank but maybe later this year we'll have something".
You can't even sign up for online statements without talking to someone on the phone.
Don't waste your time, go somewhere else.
Very convenient location near kierland and scottsdale quarter shopping areas.
The drive up atm and teller windows are perfect for banking on the go.
I've never walked inside because i don't have to here....perfect.
Return factor - 90%
Due to scotia's great hours i had to do this on a saturday.
My home branch isn't open on saturdays so i came to the next closest location, which was this one.
The teller told me she couldn't add a note to my account because this wasn't my home branch.
She offered to photocopy the stubs and send them to my home branch.
I guess we'll see what happens with my next paycheque when i go to my home branch.
It doesn't matter what services they offer because they won't do anything for you unless you're at your home branch.
Probably the rudest tellers i have experienced at a wf.
I understand following the rules and policy and procedure but to be condescending and just mean about it is unacceptable.
It is just the location off carefree hwy and i-17 that i have experienced this at..
I have been a customer for 15 years and this was just wrong.
20 minutes and counting at the drive through window.
I'll be looking forward to finding a new bank after my loan is paid off.
Just you are aware.
Also, call before and ask for the dominations on hand so you can get what you need and be specific.
They actually dont care at all.
Dont waste your money on the $20 a month fee and go somewhere else.
Update: i spoke to liz through email and she was very helpful.
Resolved my problem with no issues at all.
As long as there are some people in this bank that actually care about their customers ill be staying.
Thank you to liz for your help.
The staff here is amazing!
They are always super helpful and whenever i have any questions regarding my policy they are always there to help!
Wouldn't trust anyone else !
This credit union completely screwed up my finances.
I was set on auto bill pay for a rental property that i had.
Do not bank with institution!
I have no legal recourse, but i can share my experience!
Nice, professional bank right off scottsdale and thunderbird.
The couple times i've been to this location they have not been busy and i have not had to wait.
I went inside today and chris helped.
He is very sweet and professional.
Great employees, especially chris!
Thanks for the service :-)
If i could give this bank 0 stars i would.
The bank manager here is one of the worse managers ive ever met.
She left me waiting for over 30 mins while she was suppose to be verifying a business check.
Then came back and was very rude.
I will never use that bank again.
Good customer service is lost onthese women.
They deserve a zero.
The customer service is horrible, they all sound like robots reading straight from a script.
I have called with several issues in the past and it has been the say all the time.
The csr repeats everything i say back to me every time with no response of there own nor solution.
Guess what, every time, there is no supervisor available.
I am sorry i signed up for their credit card.
They do not process payments on time, deliberately i presume, so they can charge a very heavy late fee.
A payment by mail does not take 7 days from a 40 miles customer to payment center.
The usps is not that incompetent.
I will complain to regulators and others.
And make sure this yelp is noted.
He says he cant ..so i ask for a supervisor..he says the supervisor would say the same..
I told him i need a supervisor..and if only a supervisor can open it why not transfer me..
I repeated myself until he transferred me.. during the hold..the phone disconnected.
Call 3- i again nicely tell the new rep that i was talking to a supervisor and the call disconnected.
Call 5- i give the girl the checking info and she said it will take 7-10 days... hell?
My payment is due in 7 days....why cant i do it over the phone?
Cause they will charge me 19.95..
I have never ever closed a credit card but once i pay off this one..it is being closed.. they.suck.period.
--the fees are no good.
Credit one charges you if you want a new card with your new name on it.
--they also ask for a arm and a leg to show proof that you got married and changed your name.
You have to mail it out too.
--the operators are also not helpful.
--the website is awesome...thats pretty much the only good thing about this company.
This is located right after b of a if you're coming from the 93/95.
There is one drive up atm and at least two walk up atms.
I don't usually come to this location as it can get pretty backed up.
And getting back onto charleston blvd can be tricky as this is an extremely busy intersection.
Banks like busey are exactly the ones the obama administration wants to target for exorbitant fees.
They called it the "opt-in" program (without even defining what it was for customers!
), as if it were a good thing, something new they had thought of for their precious clients.
They did not inform anyone that this was required of them by the federal gov't.
For their exorbitant check return fees.
With this loophole (and duped customers) they managed to hang on to these scams, but the obama admin.
Is on to them-they are following the 'law' but not the intent.
Oh-we should thank them for their community work and being so nice to the few while ripping us off.
I am going elsewhere asap!!!
I would give them -10 stars if i could!!
And if your busey card doesn't work, know that you won't get an answer until you ask!
I've been banking here for years, unfortunately.
The 24hour overdraft fee of $35 for a single penny overdrawn is ridiculous.
The fact that nobody ever answers the phone is pathetic.
Genuinely looking forward to cancelling my account and banking elsewhere.
Don't waste your time.
1.5 hours to get a wire transfer?
Please everybody be careful about credit one credit card.stay away be safe
Karen and ron go out of their way to help.
What would have taken me days (maybe weeks), karen did in less than 24 hours.
I highly recommend them.
I recommend john completely.
I came across john's name on a search for reasonable jumbo loans.
Hooray for having a drive-up atm, however, your parking lot is confusing to say the least.
I tried to tell a teller about it but could not get anyone's attention.
Short story.... lines are long and not enough tellers at this branch.
Seems to be faster down at biltmore or thomas / 44th location.
Better yet, drop bofa and go with chase for more personal, helpful service.
Maybe a technical glitch?
Possibly a data entry error?
So, i went into this bofa on camelback where i  deposited the check to inquire.
Explained everything to a personal banker.
She said i would need to make an appointment  because it was 4:44 (i checked)...and they close at 5.
I said "no, this is a problem on the banks end and i'm not coming back".
She was in a big hurry and went to get a manager.
Martha the manager was in a hurry too.
She said she could do nothing to assist without dad present.
I explained (again) he is 85 and in michigan, and had already been turned away at his bofa.
"oh"  (seemed she hadn't heard that the first time).
Well, he really would need to go back again to his branch (huh?).
She gave me a customer service number he could call (not me, though).
There was nothing she could do to assist me to resolve the issue.
She left skid marks.
So, 15 minutes more in line to deposit a cashiers check into dad's account.
Very rare, he said, so it seemed there must be a technical issue.
Still breathing the fumes from martha's tail pipes, i ran my story by the bofa teller for good measure.
He's always really nice (previous visits) and patiently listened.
I declined because we already had a solution with chase cashiers check.
So, why didn't either the personal banker or the manager offer that solution?
Why did i need to trouble shoot and ask?
The problem was definitely technical and it was most likely on their end.
Why not even offer to redeposit the check for good measure to see?
But why not offer to solve our problem when it's so simple?
As i wrote this review in the parking lot the manager walked past my car.
She was out of there by 5:25p.
I'm sure martha and her colleagues work hard.
That pisses me off.
Chase employees  across the street still working.
I've never felt rushed there and they are solution oriented vs reactive.
Same laws, same state, same banking fees, across the street from each other, totally different culture and customer experience.
Not my first lousy experience with bofa.
Will be my last.
Dad is closing his account.
I closed mine long ago.
I'd been with bofa 30+ years.
Absolutely the worst service and the most unprofessional service i have ever experienced.
I made my payment plus an extra $10.50 to be able to access my funds the next day.
They tell me they never received payment but, my bank shows the money was taken out.
I am going to end everything that has to do with them.
I would not recommend this ripoff company to anyone
Update: i received an email from the manager and they reversed a bunch of charges.
Thank you one nevada.
Tomorrow i'll speak to them on the phone.
If this isn't going to continue to happen, i'll redo my review.
I want to see what is going to be done to prevent this from happening again.
Yelp removed my review for some reason so i put it back up here.
It's not a fake.
I hope this one stays up here.
I used to love my credit union but it has gone down the drain.
But your trying to borrow money to get it covered.
Well before you would beok until that charge hit your account.
I also paid my car payment, power bill, internet bill andhot gas for my car.
So instead of 1, i was hot with 4 insert my limit charges.
Well i had about $98 left.
And my internet bill came out for $87.99, higher than usual.
I'm not even overdrawn yet.i'm so exasperated.
I can't believe that they will hit your account with all these charges.
As soon as i can i'm going to be looking for another credit union because the fees alone are killer.
I would have so much more money if it wasn't for the fees.
Someof them are my fault.
But to charge fees before your account shows you as negative?
I will not tell anyone to go to one nevada again while they have these policies.
If i could give them 0 stars, i would.
They have a helpful customer service centre and ship new cards quickly.
They also have high security and disable access to online banking while you are waiting for a replacement card.
They also send me a 150 cash advance check as a credit limit increase which i loved!
I recommend this company!
Full of predatory bank practices backed up by their "terms and conditions".
My account balance was $101 the first month.
I opened my account on the 12th, and by the 17th, i had already accumulated a late fee.
By the time they sent me my first bill, it already had two late fees and interest charges.
It's $9 to pay by credit card.
I wish i could stand on the owners testicles while peeling on his face.
The good: no fees, shared banking, not a big bank screwing over everybody.
The bad: not the best service, not the best phone/online systems etc.
How can you do business like this, i don't understand.
I never had these issues when i was with a big bank.
Well you get what you pay for!
What bank doesn't take a $75.00 cash deposit?
I needed to get cash to my son cross country, he (sadly) has a chase account.
They tried to tell me it was for the federal money laundering protection act... bs...
I work in the banking industry and can tell you $75.00 raises 0 red flags!
I've been coming here for business and personal banking for three years.
The staff is always friendly and helpful.
There's never a long line here either, in and out.
Same thing with the drive through.
See tatiana for a business account.
She is super nice and always has time to talk.
Thank you all for taking care of my banking needs.
Ever since we opened an account the staff have always been helpful and welcoming.
We've had nothing but good experiences with the staff at this branch!
Tried to open an account at the main madison branch and the state street branch this week.
Half hour plus waits at both location.
Did i want to schedule an appointment to take 5 seconds to open an account?
We're sorry but all the students are coming back and we have a lot of people on vacation.
You need to have additional staff.
Nicest crew and super helpful!
Forget the huge chains, these guys get my business from here on out!
Again, this is "supposed" to be shared banking with other credit unions.
Now the restriction is that i can only do a deposit/withdrawal/whatever with a designated shared banking teller.
I made the mistake of going in while she was at lunch!!!
But no one else could help me.
Yes, this will rebuild your credit.
Yes, it can be helpful.
If you can avoid ever having to call customer service for any reason, then you may like this card.
However, even getting a replacement card is like jumping through hoops in dubai.
Don't bother if you can live without it.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
No help rude employee and manager just rush to call 1-800 number because they are closing soon!
Calling business banking, useless, online banking, useless.
I feel you are holding my accounts open to continue the fees.
Cancel it all i have not have had auto pay for a month it was cancelled at the branch.
Please cancel business banking its horrible.
So its normal for a corporation to steal??
This is criminal and completely unethical and you rule every issue in the other parties favor?????
Had to pay to get replaced original documents of the corporate entity filings and the list goes on.
The worst drive thru ever!!!
If you're in a rush don't come to this bank.
I've sent several emails in may 2016 and still sllllllow.
Bank was great until it was remodeled.
Now it seems to cater to businesses and/or investment clients.
The area for consumer banking is a joke.
Sometimes there are an adequate number of tellers to accommodate and other times it's not worth the wait.
I prefer the drive-thru atm whenever possible.
Just a thought for all branches...
I came at opening and there were just a few people ahead of me.
I only waited about 5 minutes before it was my turn to go up to the teller.
The teller was super friendly and was able to help me out immediately.
She made small talk and always had a smile on her face.
So, it's always nice to go somewhere and the employees are pleasant.
I was in and out within 10 minutes!!
A record for me.
Would definitely come back to this location if i was in the area.
Most locations i've been to here in vegas always look like the homeless people just live at the bank.
My clients receive the best rates, programs and professionalism from the beginning to the close!
Expect to spend at least 30-45 minutes everytime u go.
No matter what u will be going in 4.
Tellers are nice, just always understaffed.
Same issue as everyone else who has written reviews, i would never bank here!
The line was very long and i was on a quick break from work.
At that point, there were 8 persons in line!!
2 tellers only, on a friday!!
About 1/2 hr wait!!
Poor customer service- she could have opened her computer and accepted my money!!!
Let's just say they're not exceptionally warm here, however.
I go to the site which is awkward and kludgey at best.
That being said it kept giving me a your application is being processed status so i called to inquire.
Most of the representative's that i talked to sounded inconvenienced and were rude to put things plainly.
Everytime i would call they would just say it takes 2-3 weeks for us to process.
This letter has no return address or suggests a secure way to communicate this information.
Being a bit on the secure side i ask how they propose i send the information.
They were fine with with me mailing or emailing the information.
In conclusion follow the other peoples advice and see this for the trap it is.
They know that they have someone who has a past and they are taking advantage of that.
About 2 years ago i bought my truck and withdrew $12,000.
Rob rodriguez helped me today, i had some savings bonds to deposit that were needing my  grandmother's death certificate.
Clean branch, fast service and good location.
Right next to starbucks with easy access off loop-101 & indian school road in the far west valley.
Absolutely horrible credit card company.
From the second you start talking with a rep to the time you hang up on them.
Btw i have excellent credit.
I just chose to use this horrible cc company, but that's definitely done.
Really spend sometime looking around but do not settle for this company.
Don't waist your time they are crooks !
They loose money ....
They lost 173 dollars of my hard earned cash .
There are always long lines.
I come here almost every morning and there is always at least a 10 minute wait.
They need to have more tellers when this problem is this consistent.
Crystal @ the green valley branch really took care of my banking and checking needs.
She took the time to explain the fees and which product was right for me.
She also walked me through the online banking and the perks of being a credit union member.
Thanks crystal @ the green valley branch for taking care of me and my family!!!
Stay away from this card!!!!
This is a philippine bank with no us agents and the worst customer service!!!!
Unfortunately, i had fraud on my account.
I have called customer service just shy of ten times.
They repeatedly mail my new cards to the person who is committing the fraud, even after talking with a supervisor.
I cannot get anyone to talk to in the united states.
Very frustrating on all levels.
Dante, sorry to hear that.
I was able to get a hold of abby in the us.
Hit 0 for an operator.
Then ask for abby.
She has been helping me and is awesome.
She can help you through it.
This credit company card company is a scam.
Never apply for a credit card thru this company.
They will charge an interest charge on purchases after 15 days of a purchase.
This means they send you a statement cycling 30 days.
Even the credit card payment due date, they charge you an interest.
You need to keep paying an interest rate.
Went to the drive up atm and the cash transactions are temporarily unavailable.
Last time i was there, i had the same issue.
This is the worst place if you are short on time.
I come here just to deposit my rent into landlords account.
There are never more than 2 people working.
Takes 20+min every month just to deposit rent.
I bank across the street at wells fargo and never have to wait.
I recommend everyone switch banks....why deal with this when there are options in life
Service is so slow.
Why are so many people walking around chatting in the back and not helping?
Saw at least five people chatting and laughing while guests are waiting.
At least come up to us and say "sorry for the wait, we'll be with you shortly".
I have financi als but can't get any where dsfu.
Bad business any suggestions for a good bank
Very friendly and approachable!
I just love going into just about any mid-first location, but this was great.
They treated me like a king, and helped me with my debit card issues in a thorough, effective manner.
10000% scam buyer beware!
Scam, scam and scam!
I never had a late payment, paid in advance and their fraud dept is horrible.
I've reported to the bbb and the state of nevada's attorney general---you should too!
I believe he's really spot on with this and i sometimes sympathize with the customer service side of my bank.
Under her breathe she was spouting obscenities at how slow the line was moving.
It was moving slow, but it wasn't like the tellers were sitting around zoning out.
They were helping customers and sometimes that takes time.
Is a reassessment in order?
I have always had great service here.
The tellers are competent, efficient and personable.
One time they gave me a number of cheques (200) without charge.
Don't get me wrong, i am not a real fan of banks in general.
However, when it comes to customer service this branch is usually on.
A review is one person's experience, so this is mine: desert schools is improperly trained, deceiving, and manipulative.
I tried to get an auto-refinance at 9 months, just seeing the timeline if it was too early.
I was declined, which was not a problem.
So being the sucker and new to credit, i agreed.
Are you kidding me?!
After talking to a manager telling me "well, sorry you were told that.
Nothing we can do" i have found their true colors.
They just want to sell credit cards and sucker people into their business.
Do not waste your time with this company.
They aren't there to help you, they are there to help themselves.
I just ended a call with an agent that is clearly in the phillipines.
Words of advise...only use this option if you are going to be late paying.
Late being you didnt give yourself a whole week for it to clear (which is ridiculous).
They told me that there is a disclaimer stating 100 dollars will be available.
She said and i beg of you to not have an aneurysm "it says it after you process the payment".
Not when you go to confirm the payment, after you process the payment.
That thing is on its way through the interwebs.
Don't come to this location if you have large amounts of cash you are depositing.
This is the only location i've ever had issues with.
Either the machine is wrong or the employees are stealing.
The drive thru, if there is a line, is the slowest one ever.
I mean go inside if your transaction is that long.
Long story short  that person was miss claudia.
That day i took the loan never rushed and even given alternative places to seek a loan by miss  claudia.
That is to say if you go elsewhere than here and see claudia.
Actually i don't know for sure but why chance it.
110% +110 i recommend this place when in need of a little help.
So go get a loan and mention my name .
Terrible customer service from teller.
She had the nerve to ask me why my own bank wouldn't cash the check.
I'm sure they would but i didn't want to drive far on my break.
Well i work in the area and she saw my work badge.
I figured if i'm in the area why wouldn't i cash it if i'm next to the bank.
Ile you can save your attitude for after work.
I suggest maybe retraining to understand the needs of the customer in front of you, not your opinions.
I have been here almost 12 years, i didn't like they started to charge monthly fee.
Everybody is nice and friendly but it was too long to take wire out.
On 10/21/2016 i called the company from my phone 14 times, my boyfriends phone twice.
Each time i was hung up on.
The first 5 or so times i thought it was a problem with the connection.
I spent two hours and 16 calls trying with these people.
I am livid that a company is allowed to function and scam people in this country.
Not only would they refuse to talk to me about the refund but the account still remains open.
So they can continue to charge me interest i am sure.
I have contacted the bbb to intervene.
Had great service here, bank associate was very friendly and most are bilingual here.
I am not rating this branch as much as i am this institution.
I misplaced my debt card months ago.
Never relied a pin.
I repeated requested one and was always told they would send a pin reminder.
I hate carring cash.
Sure enough my wallet was lifted.
Likely after i make a 18 dollar purchase and someone so the money.
Next thing i know i have no wallet.
They have a completely ridiculous policy of not even making change unless you're a member.
I've never had any bad experiences here.
All the options work on their atms.
They have always been extremely friendly and helpful including the managers.
They greet you with a smile when you walk in and/or approach them.
They're knowledgeable and have all the answers you need to know when you ask them questions.
My favorite bank hands down.
I wish i could give a negative star for this.
It is really the worse card ever.
The tap never worked since the first day i used it.
After the first time it happened the customer service assured me that it would not happen again.
And it did for another 2 times.
When i called the customer service, they could not answer me.
Customer service is lousy.
The card is a waste of time.
Awful, awful customer service.
Have been trying to get an issue resolved for over 9 months.
Countless phone calls and nobody will take responsibility.
Worst business bank ever.
Horrible horrible horrible  i recently had to deal with fraud charges on my account.
When quickly discovered i called credit one's customer service.
As usual, they apologized and stated they would look into it.
I also had issues with fraud payments, it's a long story.
I was placed on hold multiple times for over 5 minutes for each hold.
The fight continued to report that i did not make those charges.
The charges were at companies that i go to in my neighborhood.
They stated since i have bought from those companies before it could have been the store who did these charges.
I once again explained that i should not be calling the company because i did not make the charges.
This was all on a friday.
Mind you, i had already re confirmed again i was not the one who made the charges.
The letter was sent.
I finally called again, and it's the same crap.
They said they have their own standards of dealing with this.
I requested to speak to another supervisor.
Finally she was able to help.
She stated i no longer had to mail a letter or get another letter from my bank.
She stated a new card would finally be issued (after 3 weeks).
The best part is, they said it would take 7-10 business days to get temporary credit onto my account!
Also, they stated it would take up to 90 days to investigate for me to possible actually get credited.
Final point....do not get any cards from them!!!!
I am beyond furious and done with these people.
I am always greeted with smiles, and on a hot day a bottle of water.
I have a personal banker!
Yeah, that is correct!
I am not a millionaire by any means, but midfirst bank makes me feel like one.
Heidi is a wonderful and friendly person.
She came to my office to introduce herself and drop off some banking information.
Do yourself a favor, and drop that big bank!
This is a big bank with hometown values and feel!
This is our local branch, so we come here out of convenience.
The representatives are sometimes rude, and the tellers have counted our money wrong on multiple occasions.
The drive-thru atm is also poorly designed.
It's laid out in a very strange way that makes depositing rather uncomfortable.
Like i said, it's convenient more than anything.
Several of their las vegas branches, including the one we usually went to, have recently closed.
I also noticed that they shortened their hours for certain days.
Perhaps citibank just isn't doing well here in southern nevada.
Whatever the case may be, i seriously hope they consider making some changes at this specific location.
Their customer service in particular could use a lot of improvement.
Every time i come here, which is once a month it's a horrible time.
I'm always waiting in line forever and there is only two bank tellers.
So many employees but they make customers wait in the long lines!
Can't wait to stop coming here!!
Walked into bank of america today to cash a company check.
Brian b. the teller asked me if i have a b of a account. "
He then informed me that there will be a $8 charge to cash the check.
Even from a business account with bank of america?"
Charging non-customers a check cashing fee is not going to win many customers.
But don't mind me, i'm just a pest control guy.
I use this credit card as a back up for emergencies only.
I immediately called them to get it sorted out.
He issued me a new card and blocked my old card number.
Except, the purchases were still reflected in my total amount "i" had spent.
I regret applying for this card, they dont reverse the money spent even though it was flagged as fraud.
I am still having to pay for the money i didn't spend.
Marco wilbowo is by far the best personal banker ever.
He emmulates excellent customer service and truly cares about your banking needs from a-z.
I knew i had the right creditmunion and personal banker.
I instantly gor my debut card and he set up the bankimg app on phone.
Atm is inside and that is convenient.
He knows the banking industry and his goal is to ensure your banking amd financial needs are met.
He makes sure you aware of all the services they provide.
I am excited to have to have such an amazing personal banker and credit union.
Thanks marco, you're the best.
The saga continues to fix errors made on my account.
No one has any initiative to take ownership and fix it.
I've been passed along again and again.
It would be easy to forgive the error they made if they even tried to fix it.
Stay away from this banking institution!
I'm moving my accounts now.
Worst branch for wellsfargo i have ever been to.
Manager is rude and unprofessional.
They lie to cover their asses and are completely incompetent.
Completely disrespectful and awful.
Everyone here was polite and greeted us.
I originally gave a 1 star but updated to 4 because they redeemed themselves today.
John worked hard to help me finance a new house despite my less than stellar financial history.
He was honest, fast, and responsive to all of my questions.
He   was very good at working and communicating with me to get everything accomplished without disrupting my work schedule.
I couldn't be happier with john.
No longer ing direct - as of april 2014 tangerine is still a great place to bank.
Not exactly as punitive as the other big banks, but still not the same warm fuzzy it used to be.
I expect other changes, but still better than the big banks by leaps and bounds.
Right now, if you refer a friend, and a friend opens an account with $$, both of you get $50?!
Every customer has an orange key (14650267s1 if you want to use mine), and we both get some love.
Tfsa's - you can earn interest on them in advance of the tax year!
I've saved hundreds of dollars in fees already, and earned plenty more in interest.
I put my property tax $ in here - why should the city get the interest by paying them monthly?!
No thanks, i'll just hang on to that cash.
No fee chequing with the thrive account, gic's and other investment options exist as well.
Atm banking you now have access to all the scotiabank atm's including the ones in 7-11 stores.
I do 99.9% of my banking online, occasionally i have to call, and they have really excellent customer service.
Welcoming and sincere customer service is truly refreshing.
They always greet me with a smile, and make me feel at ease.
Keep up the awesome work!
Always a 'hello, how are you', ask about my family, etc.
Unless you are desperated for a credit card, otherwise do not go to credit one bank.
Just avoid these morons.
I am just doing time until i can get out of this bank.
You would think at a smaller bank you would get more help or kinder help without jumping through 500 hoops.
I have wanted to leave this bank for year but been stuck due to loans.
I will now bust my hump more than ever to pay them off and get out of this bank.
I have been given wrong info, been hung up on, bad customer service and they simply no longer care.
I guess big or small bank no such thing as care for your customers.
I explained i had paid off a car with them in the past 3 or 4 year earlier than expected.
They said i hadn't, facts are they no longer have good customer care or service.
So over this bank.
Although i was frustrated at what was happening zachary made the experience great.
Thanks for you patients
You can not email customer service, nor do they have a live chat option.
I would never recommend these crooks to anyone!
Customer service is terrible.
Payments take a week to process and the late fee is $25.
Nothing good to say about this company.
The worst credit card company.
So many fees, worst customer service, you only get to talk to people on india.
I closed both of my accounts today.
Go to capital one or merrick.
These people are a scam
M&i is now owned by bmo harris, and their signs have been updated.
They immediately dropped my cash-back checking, and then wanted to charge me a monthly maintenance fee and atm fees.
The reason i chose m&i was because they weren't like the big bad banks (bank of america, chase, wells fargo).
Bmo harris pretty much is the same as them, so i think not.
I went to a credit union and i'm thrilled.
6% interest, online check deposit, no fees.
Just closed my account.
When you try to speak with a rep, they are all located in india or the philippines.
From the beginning all the experience seem to be all wonderful, we were almost too happy about the whole process.
...but this never was mentioned.
1st time going through home buying and not having a knowledgeable loan officer....well a dissaster!
I honestly wish i can give zero stars.
I recommend you guys not to come here if you want to receive a good service.
Wanted $8.00 to cash one of their checks.
Has chase now become as bad as a check cashing store in the hood?
This is totally unacceptable.
I will never bank with them.
Chase bank has a very unsafe feature at their atm.
Your bank card sits outside the atm for any one to snatch.
But on this day to my surprise while requesting $140.00.
I received a one hundred dollar bill and 8 $5 bills.
Approaching christmas i think they were running out of green but i really liked getting fives, who knew!!
The employees at this branch always make you feel your business is valued!
This is a good branch.
Jose is the greatest!
The branch manager is friendly as are all employees.
This wells fargo is way down the strip next to the 7-eleven and walgreens.
We used to visit this location on our vegas trips to avoid the finance charges at the casino atms.
I always only use the atm here!!
Super easy and quick!
I always forget i have no cash and pop over here from the nearby stores.
Its quick, easy, and always open!
The service from suzie drinkwine was excellent.
She was very informative, friendly and professional.
I would definitely recommend this company and branch for banking!
This is going to be a long one, but i've got a lot of important things to say.
In my banking history, i have never seen another financial institution use employees from temp agencies.
The reason for this is that in touch cannot retain their good employees.
-recently new machines were installed to replace the tellers.
They are ostracizing anyone uncomfortable with technology and they have effectively doubled their wait times.
Other banks have also implemented machines for quick transactions.
Chase did this amazingly well by installing 2 brand new machines and still keeping their teller line.
The machines are user friendly but they still have the option to complete your transaction in person.
-they do not provide adequate training for new employees which means new loans and accounts are often established incorrectly.
-they do not take into consideration account history when processing transactions.
-they operate as a corporate bank with not enough funds to translate this to a credit union setting.
Having worked for a previous credit union for 7 years i was used to sales bonuses and incentives.
-their biggest concern is expanding their company and making more money.
They often make decisions that negatively impact their employees and members because it will help the company grow.
I have 10+ years working for credit unions in both branch and back office settings.
When i moved to las vegas i thought that in touch would be similar to my previous credit union.
I was very sad to find out it was not.
I lasted 6 months until i couldn't take their tactics anymore.
I took a $3 per hour pay cut to work for a company that valued its employees and members.
Within 2 months of me leaving, my entire management team had also left.
We are all still in contact and are all happy we got out when we did.
They do not adjust their approach for different regions (corporate office based in texas).
Where you decide to bank is very important, do not bank with in touch, you will not be happy.
We have done business with this pawn shop a few times and highly recommend it.
Rahul always takes exceptional care of our needs and provides amazing customer service.
They have a great variety in store to choose from as well.
If you need anything, make sure to ask for rahul, he will be sure to take good care of you!
I can't believe this is one of the many times my account was hit with a overdraft fee.
I have monies in different accounts and yet my checking account was empty.
I'm just in disbelief how corrupt they have become.
Your just a number here now and not a member.
Future on-lookers please shop around before settling with them.
Will they give you any notice, yes once they ransacked your account dry.
I'm really upset because i enjoyed my time here with them and some of the staff are helpful.
Also to get in touch with them again is like trying to get in touch with aliens in space.
And yes you will see me post on ever site that echo's their name riverset on.
I'm only re-writing this because lisa f. was nice enough to take the time to fully explain.
I just wish banks big or small actually work for their people.
I have had nothing but the best experiences at this branch!
They have online banking and are more than willing to assist with anything you need at anytime!
I wouldn't bank anywhere else!
I am so done with this bank.
I've been coming here for 15 years they knew who i am and usually address me by first name.
I'm closing out my account today.
I go in for a simple transaction and when i provide id the guy doesn't like my picture.
And now i'm pulling out all of my ids till he finds one that he will like.
This was the worst facility it is inside of a fry's.
We waited about 30 minutes to talk with a banker and eventually we left.
Don't use this location
Love this place nothing but good deals!!!!!
I have made some big purchases there and i have no regrets.
Very good quality items for the price i purchased.
Can't believe they average 2 stars.
Worst customer service and care.
Ignore line at tellers.
Plenty of people doing nothing in their little glass offices who see the frustration at the people in line.
Oh-and don't bother with a safety deposit box.
They have no idea how to close it for you so you can get one at bmo harris.
Justin was super helpful and so was indy.
I felt bad coming in to close an idle savings account that i no longer needed.
The staff here were super nice and made me feel comfortable.
After that he did his magic and closed out my account.
I just had to take the slip he handed me to the teller to get the money.
Present my id and bam, i was done in five minutes.
Was helped by drew, the teller was smug and not very polite.
And i said "sorry my branch spoiled me into not filling them out so you mind?"
My first yelp review of a financial institution.
What can i say?
It's a credit union.
I've been with them for many years.
My other bank is usaa.
Minor i know, but it cost a star!
Friendly staff, fairly efficient drive through, although i hardly use it any more.
Coolest thing, the drive thru atm gives out $50 bills when you take out a larger sum of money!
That's all i got on this.
Little disappointed that there are no outside atms at all.
Service from the drive threw tellers was ok.
Still would prefer a drive through atm
Wells fargo is holding my money hostage.. took cash on a prepaid card.
Do now with valid id.
Got told have to wait a couple days.
The wait is because my credit score is but high enough really.
One star you don't deserve
I wish i could get a hour with the people who run this show.
I know it would be useless.
I opened my account when i was 17.
In over 20 years as a member i have never once had a negative balance.
I have never once bounced a check.
I have had car loans through them.
I got my first credit card there.
It was a "learning card" and had a $300 credit limit.
Before they sold it to a big bank it had a $16,000 available balance.
To say i take my credit seriously is an understatement.
I thought that all of these points would get you something here.
They base everything off this system.
If you need a money order for instance.
They base it on your score.
Carry a couple of high interest credit cards from them.
Well they are going to give you that money order for free!!!
Because they are such wonderful people and they truly have your financial health in mind.
Add to going to a branch means the atm is probably broken.
How a place like this has fallen so badly in these years is not what amazing to me.
It is happening all over the place.
The fact they have survived being the little guy in this industry is what amazed me.
I thought they would be the place that tried to hold on to their values.
I thought they might remember they were the credit union started to serve the teachers of arizona.
They are as greedy and as heartless as the big boys now.
Desert schools used to be great, until they started becoming like the "big banks."
I went to the atm today, accidentally hit "no" for do you want to change the denominations instead of yes.
Might as well go back to the big banks, because account or not, they'll make change for anyone.
If i could give 0 stars i would!
Being the only location near me at all i'm always stuck.
Definitely taking my business elsewhere.
This guy is the biggest waste of human flesh in the insurance world.
My bank statement says right on it that they charged my card on the 11th.
I call rick and leave a message that i want my payment refunded and to cancel my insurance.
He writes back "gladly!"
Opened two accounts with marissa, she was very thorough & very nice !
Was a pleasure working with !
This company is a joke!
Credit one is more like credit  joke!!!
What a waste of time and look how many poor reviews they have over positive!
They were charging me 22% apr with an $8.25 monthly service fee and only an $800 limit.
It was reported to my credit report and i did pay it off in full.
They said i would have to dispute it and that is all i could do.
Well im glad i canceled this card best move i ever made.
This credit card is a rip off.
It's always foreigners that call you and foreigners when you call them.
I said no way - too little, too late!
I don't want to remember to call back to cancel in 3 months, i want to cancel now!
Do yourself a favor and never let them give you a card!
Always a line inside.
And never enough teller.
A great banking institution and have always received exceptional customer service.
Happy with services provided.
Better than any past banking experiences.
Been with azfcu for 18 years.
Very clean banking branch.
The greeting and service on this first visit was fantastic!
I closed on my home in charlotte, nc in april of 2015.
I made the mistake of getting a loan with escrow account through suntrust bank.
Please reply to all."
Ms dorman responded: "i spoke with the suntrust tax department.
The tax bill was paid in full for the year 2015 ....
They show in the system that the account is current and up to date.
They have made notes in the system that no prior year bills are to be paid."
At this point, i presumed the issue was resolved.
I was never given notification.
There was no discussion.
I'm horrified at the dishonesty of this bank!
Initially mr raby stated "it should be the responsibility of parties involved to fix this and report back to you.
Now that i am aware of the situation, i will stay after it."
This bank is completely dishonest.
Would not do business with them.
I must say, this bank is the friendliest bank i have ever seen.
It's almost over-the-top how everyone greets you like you won the lottery when you walk in.
They also have a drive-thru with an atm.
Took me over an hour to open an account.
They have made me feel valued even when we moved to monticello, ut and we did business by phone.
I love credit unions and this one is a keeper.
Mafia run call center/customer service.
Mike randall, isabel sanchez, cheryl, and leticia should have an honorable mention in las vegas' mafia museum.
Las vegas has a museum celebrating its gangster history, and silver state cu should have its own section.
I went into a branch to avoid the call center.
However, even there i ran into problems.
When i inquired about the "statement fee," i was told my spouse authorized it and requested it.
When i ask my spouse about it, the incident never happened, much less was it authorized.
Stay far, far, far away from this place!!!!
John moran was quick to respond to inquiries.
He made my first home buying experience easy with his ability to respond quickly and accurately to all my concerns..
I had the worst experience at this location.
First of all, its dec 1, you have to have more than one teller in the window.
People are paying their rent and bills on the first of the month.
And i waited 15 minutes to get helped....not 5 minutes like they claim.
But the worst issue i had here was  depositing money into a relative's account, in cash!!!!
They said no that it had to be a money order, and it wouldn't be available until the next day.
What kind of bank doesn't take cash.
Also quit forcing people to get accounts with you!!!!!
I would have given them "0" starts but that isn't an option.
Worst financial institution ever.
Started off strong about 1.5 years ago and customer service has gone down consistently ever since.
I have had to talk them into doing business and i have a credit rating in the 800's.
Very unprofessional and unable to solve problems.
Not too long ago they were updating software and i was unable to access bill pay.
I was unable to make changes or access my account and they said there was "nothing they could do".
It took over 7 days to correct the issue and they simply didn't care.
I am seriously horrified by this place and we have moved everything out, car loans, everything.
Nothing makes me more angry than when a senior citizen/army vet is disrespected.
Unfortunately my mother is the individual that was disrespected a couple of days ago at this location.
If it were me i would have demanded a supervisor immediately.
When dealing with finances, there should always be a level a respect- especially towards the elderly and those that serve.
Yes, i'll be leaving these reviews on google as well.
Business should take a hit when any customer is not treated with kindness and respect.
Luckily us bank took incredible care of her and she'll be dealing with her large sums there.
I love dawn she helped me set up a bank account and refinance my car.
She did a speedy and friendly job.
She truly works hard to help me out and i'm pleased i picked this bank.
I had a terrible experience with a teller there!!
The tellers here come across as warm, friendly, and solution-orientated people.
They seem to really welcome and embrace the unique village community.
My dog likes coming in too cause she always gets a biscuit.
This credit one credit card is for those who need repair the credit.
Yes, it has outrageous annual fee, but it clearly has stated on the letter when you sign up.
Yes, it charges high interest right away on whatever you charges.
However, you would be doing all right if you read all terms.
Yes, it has kept sending mails seducing you to sign up and looked like capital one!
I felt lucky not being hassled by this company!
You got need patience and time when rebuilding your credit score.
Excellent customer service from teresa popp, i look forward to making this location my go-to branch.
A pretty dingy place, like most banks.
Looks like this bank will probably be closing soon, or they ran out of funding while building it.
Odd layout inside, they don't have standard glass windows with tellers and instead have desks.
I was told they don't do withdrawals.
After a short wait, another clerk become available.
She was polite and helpful, even offering helpful info to lessen bank fees.
Not a terrible experience overall as far as banks go, but this branch definitely needs improvement.
This branch was very helpful when i was transferring my accounts to arizona.
Soon i will be checking them out for mortgage loans.
I'll check back in at that time.
Been here over 30 minutes and still counting!!!!
Stood in line for the teller, just too be told to have a seat for a simple direct deposit slip.
A guy named zach finally helped me after i started getting irritated.
If it wasn't for zach they would have gotten one star.
I have had for three years, last month card was not working.
I called in and they say they closed my account due to a returned payment.
I have used the same checking account every time.
This does not matter, i had to call them, no email??
The want me to send a letter from my bank explaining the checking account belongs to me.
Well they said it is on statement, every other bank would notify you immediately.
Also not one person out of four spoke clear english.
Teresa harrison should be fired!!
Do not come here!!!
Unless of course you want to be treated like crap!
Here is our super long story:  my husband and i had got our loan awhile back (dec 2014) with seline?
(they must get commision on this or something?)
Father and the person we purchased the vehicle there were there as witnesses to what she said.
We had no issues until may when his insurance came up for renewal.
We then make sure it's fully covered.
Where we had liability only.
Basically saying "you signed it, deal with it" and kept putting words in my husband's mouth.
We don't feel it's right that we should have to pay the $80-90 when he was given mis-information.
This is the email we got today:  this is a notification from intouch credit union.
Thank you,   member solutions intouch credit union  that was the email we received.
Which is not true.
We already want nothing to do with this bank anymore.
This entire experience has been a nightmare.
I highly recommend you take all of your banking needs elsewhere....
Banks are the enemy, why am i being nice to them.
Because they were nice to megs, that's why.
Arrived at nooner to get a bank draft, line up was juicy but went quickly.
Bank is nice, bright, very close to train station just off 7th avenue.
Across from shoppers drug mart.
Young fellow at the counter was nice, friendly, helpful, and answered all my questions.
He even offered me alternatives when i complained slightly about the 7.50$ draft charge.
That was cool though, that he did that.
Overall, i was very pleased to gain faith once again in the teller man.
I am cancelling all my chase accounts because of the poor service i've received at this location on multiple occasions.
I'll share two experiences that stood out to me.
I went in to get a car title notarized with my 2 year old daughter this morning.
We walked in and sat down in the waiting area for about 5 minutes.
No one came to ask if we needed assistance.
When a banker came out, we were escorted to her desk without much of a greeting.
Usually people say hi to my kid(s) when we go to places, but she was invisible this morning.
She then asked "is there anything else?"
In a very "cold" tone and i responded "no, that's all, thanks."
Like i said, minor thing here, but it highlights quality of the customer service here.
I came in the pull a good sum of money out to make a large purchase.
I provided my driver's license and debit card and asked to pull out, i think it was $10,000.
I filled out the withdrawal slip and signed it.
The banker excused himself and came back a few minutes later with his manager.
I asked them if there was anything else i can provide for further proof.
They said no, there was nothing they could do.
I was really unhappy at this point and asked for my cards back and left.
They have fresh coffee, neatly stacked water bottles, and lollipops for the kids (or you) in the lobby as well.
I initially went to the decatur/215 location to set up a trust account.
We have been banking with a different credit union for over 20 years and were apprehensive with changing our banking.
However we received great service from the minute we entered cccu.
Dennae was very friendly, patient and professional!
We are less apprehensive of the transition to cccu due to the great service we received.
I really like this location.
They are open until 6.
The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and fast.
All in all a great branch.
I see why this credit union only has 2.5 stars.
The only reason i don't leave 0 stars is because it won't let me.
Do yourself a favor and use clark county credit union or one nevada.
This branch is perfect for me.
It's close to my place and the staff is always very professional and courteous every time i go in.
Never had a problem with this branch yet.
Plus it's close to i-15 so you can get around to other parts of the city fairly quickly.
I recommend this branch.
This company is nothing but a scam.
One nevada credit union...
The easy location they closed down, like the one on flamingo and arville...
The building is horribly kept up, their lot is just as wretched, from a distance it looks abandoned.
The people inside are terribly rude (except a younger guy, whom i didn't sit down with).
Even though they offer "credit building loans" they don't mean it!!!!
All i wanted was straight talk, not twisted lies....
If you are building your credit, or new at buying a car... don't go there for help!!!
Do yourself a favor, just build up your score on your own and then go to the dealership!
Now that i am not bus bound i will not be returning to that branch, ever again!
Wait 30 to 60 minutes for anyone with a pulse to help.
Restrooms are not available for the customers but only for the few employees that hang out here.
No wonder their stock is where it is.
Ing direct is cool in the way no banks are cool, because generally banks aren't very cool.
It's a unique place: like ing's banking philosophy, it's not your traditional branch.
I've been a customer of ing for years, and i really appreciate their human approach.
See you again soon, guys!
It was just an easy in and out straight deposit transaction and the line wasn't that long..
I was satisfied that day..thanks
One star is 4 too many for these crooked bastards!!!!!!
Very similar experiences to other reviewers.
I was assessed a monthly annual fee (is that oxymoron lost on anyone?)
Additionally, the fee was never presented on a bill, yet i was assessed a late fee (wtf?).
When i asked about the fee, was advised that the card is only free for the first year.
I was transferred to a retention specialist that tried his spiel on me...what a joke.
I advised him that in order to keep my service, he would need to permanently waive my annual fee.
His counter - ma'am, i'll be waiving your annual fee for the next 3 months.
Close my account & give me my pay-off balance.
), and what appears to be additional daily interest.
I hate these f*ckers!
I wish i had read reviews before i applied...live & learn!
I'm not your customer and you are robo calling every single day.
Went there to transfer money to friend's account from my personal checking account.
Instead she made transfer from a business account which didnt even have that much money.
All i had to say was ok michelle smothers you are right.
The service is always prompt and the tellers are well-trained.
No complaints here but minus one star because no extraordinary friendly service
I would leave zero stars if i could.
I would recommend avoiding this credit union if you are looking to get a loan.
My wife and i contacted them regarding a home equity loan.
The department that processes the applications is completely inept.
After much time and several failed attempts to clarify information we gave up on them.
I would avoid them at all costs!
They were able to squeeze me in between there busy schedule.
It was a pleasant experience.
Helped us out a lot.
This location doesn't have a drive threw but i don't always need one.
Great bank coming back for sure.
What has happened to good customer service?
Why even be open if you only have one teller working with a line of 9 people waiting???!!!!
Meanwhile you see staff standing and talking or walking back and forth in the back.
This is why they will loose their jobs because everyone will have to everything online.
We've been with azfcu for 25+ years and they are great.
I am so thankful not to use a big commercial bank.
The staff us always helpful and friendly.
Love all the perks we get with them too.
Nice to have a no fee atm and the drive up moves fast.
If you are rebuilding your credit use capital one.
Stay away from this card:  1.
You pay for each credit line increase ($9.95 for each $200, and they are given stingily. )
Interest accrued from the moment you make a purchase.
The foreign-based customer service is a nightmare.
When i closed my account, they charged me $9.95.
My payment (which was necessary to close the account) was considered an "express" payment.
This place always drive me crazy.
The folks who work here are always nice and polite but there is never enough to of them.
It doesn't matter if it is first thing, midday or close to evening.
If it is more than deposit or withdrawal forget about it.
Again, the staff is very nice but they need more help!
A long time member, i'm not feeling the joy anymore.
It is not convenient for me to get to a scotia bank terminal, just too far away.
Tried to do a cash deposit gave me the option chequing or savings.
If you select savings it kicks you out with no explanation why.
Called customer service and the guy did not seem sympathetic or interested in keeping my business.
Now looking for options to move my money somewhere else.
Really excellent customer service!
Everyone was super friendly, and the woman who helped me (heidi) was really great.
This chase has been the best one i've been to yet!
Went in there with the questions i had, and left satisfied with the answers i received.
Definitely gonna be my go to place whenever i need to handle anything with my chase account.
Now keep in mind both of us are on the account.
They are only $600 in the red!
No money at all but that's ok!
I call and was told by edward that there was nothing they can do.
I have been a business customer with citi bank for 15 plus years and the service has gone down !
I have been using cccu for about 6 months now and it was the best move.
They are super helpful at this branch, specifically speaking to sharwani.
I would recommend them to anyone looking to open a business account and even a personal account as well.
Shawarni is always available via email or call making things easy to manage.
As with any credit card- read the information that comes with the card!
They are also very upfront about interest rates and other various fees associated with use of this card.
Previous issues with credit should make someone more cautious to read the fine print!
I've had no problems with this card as i knew what i was getting into.
I may even begin keeping a small balance to help my credit score increase faster.
Alex was very nice and knowledgeable, he was patient and help with all the questions i had.
Everyone at this branch is awesome.
Donna is super awesome as well   this is my favorite branch
Love midfirst, what can i say?
Always in and out quickly and such nice friendly faces every time we need to go in!
I had to use usamoney for an emergency.
When i called and talked to claudia she was very nice and informative.
Donna c las vegas
Have been with this credit union for several years and never had an issue until yesterday.
Once i explained what my issue was, she got busy trying to fix it.
She checked my phone, allowed me to try and log in on her desktop and still nothing.
She asked me to call her if it wasn't fixed by this morning, well, checking this morning, yay!
It is working and back to normal.
Thank you ms. mcgahee for taking so much time trying to help and finally coming up with a solution.
I will continue to be a customer because of employees like this branch manager.
Customer service is absolutely awful.
Very unprofessional, unorganized, and zero communication skills.
Would not recommend this credit card to anyone.
This bank is awful
I have enjoyed banking with desert schools until i moved to mesa.
The branch located at 4330 e southern ave mesa, az 85206 gives desert schools a bad name.
They are by far the slowest location i've been to.
I recently left my card there (100% my fault) and never did they have the courtesy to call me.
When i picked up my card i was told they normally shred the cards, it was my lucky day.
Horrible customer service at this location.
I will go back to using the one in central phx (on 7th).
The branch is fine  - the national service sucks.
Very friendly and helpful.
We were treated with respect by matthew and caitlin.
I wanted to write a well justified review for your amazing loan officer sandie sanchez.
Meeting her last night when signing the finalized documents was great!
She has a fun, bright smile, with a great personality!
Thank you sandie for what you do!
She obviously knows what she is doing...
So a raise is needed at that branch for this lady!
We do not bank with them any longer
Very bad customer service.
I've asked julia many times for a rate and no response.
This will always be my only bank, i go out of my way for this particular branch.
Service is always swift and friendly.
My experience has been amazing.
Claudia is professional and kind.
Hands down best loan place in las vegas.
Today i experienced some of the worst customer service i have ever received at a bank.
(i have been banking with the bank of america for over 12 years).
Stopped by this branch.
Explaining we needed it and were headed to the airport just got an "i'm sorry."
If you want good and fast service on a loan and so happen to be around the area.
That being said, i am so frustrated and upset with arizona federal credit union.
They told me it would take about 7 business days and cost 12$.
Oh and the process takes 10-15 business days, not 7.
I explain to her what i was told and that this needs to happen by tomorrow.
And it will be at the dmv tomorrow and she will call me at 9am.
10am friday morning, no call from samantha.
So i talk to alex, another supervisor.
He tells me they never overnight titles, and it will always take 5 business days (not 7..or 10/15 anymore).
And that it is electronic, so it won't be mailed.
I ask for his supervisor melissa.
She is apparently busy and cannot talk.
Big surprise, i again ask for samantha and she is still busy.
That number is ridiculous, since it is only a message service and you don't actually talk to someone.
Yet another bad experience with arizona federal credit union.
This morning i placed an order with a company in scotland for some clothing.
Two hours later i tried to use my debit card for a $2 breakfast and it was declined.
I didn't have to figure it out on my own.
The staff at azfcu really need better customer service training.
I also bet there is no trouble ticket in their system to get suspicious transaction notification fixed.
The service i received at this specific location was very poor.
Should have read the reviews before going in...  would give it negative stars if i could.
What a difference between ca branches and nevada!
One nevada gives me exactly what i want from a financial institution...efficient, reliable, and cheerful service.
The staff will take the time to thoroughly answer whatever questions i have.
Lamise and mindi are the best!
Their customer service is fantastic.
Chase got it right with these two.
They are definitely key employees.
Been coming here for years.
Service has gotten worse and worse.
Not the fault of the poor tellers.
The bank is severely understaffed of tellers.
Constant lines and managment is always trying to push customers to go through the atm.
Which is always fun to over hear, especially when majority of transactions need to go through a teller.
Time to switch to wells fargo across the street.
She is honestly so amazing!!!
Very very professional & entertaining when helping you.
Everyone in there is very friendly as well!
I honestly recommend this bank 100%!!
I have been banking with pnc for six years and have never been let down.
They all were so friendly and tended to your needs and never made you feel like a burden.
That's why i was so surprised when i moved here and received the complete opposite.
The moment you walk in you can already feel the glares from the bank tellers because you're "bothering" them.
I have been with wells fargo for many years and to different branches.
So most of my banking is done on-line.
They are always helpful and polite and it is a pleasure to deal with them.
Some of them sound pretty hot also.
I've been with riverset for a few months now after leaving pnc due to their investment in the dapl.
I'm using their simple checking account, simple savings account, and payback plus credit card (2% cash back on all purchases!).
You also earn a bit of interest in the checking account, which is nice.
But, ultimately, they all work and do their job.
I haven't had any issues with paying bills, redeeming cash back rewards, etc.
One other slight annoyance is that their online banking does not connect to mint for account aggregation.
I would have liked to have seen that.
Overall, aside from the clunkiness of the online banking, i really have no complaints about riverset.
Needed help and i found this business on yelp.
Definitely not what i expected.
Very kind and understanding.
Moved to area from wa state.
Becca akana helped me navigate services and open accounts, set up services needed/wanted.
She was awesome, very patient and very knowledgeable and responsive to my questions.
I think i will be very satisfied with one nevada cu.
This branch is inside frys.
Open till 7pm and for this i love them.
This info just might help you one day..your welcome.
The staff seems to be friendly, but not very knowledgeable beyond basic checking and savings accounts that they're product pushing!
Also this branch is nasty!
I also bank at the summerlin location which is the complete opposite, they're organized, well mannered, clean and very knowledgeable!
But that location is also is a higher income area.
Wells fargo does a great job of investing into cra communities in the public eye, but their branches say otherwise!
What they portray in the media and ad campaigns and what they consistently do are polar opposites.
This bank was better when it was nevada federal .
She can't listen or follow simple instructions on what i want to do with my accounts.
Typically you have to explain things to her three times to her.
I don't think it's a language barrier because she's very proficient in english, but she just doesn't listen.
Today that did not happen.
About halfway through with my transition i told her i had to leave .
I'm just going to find another branch.
I came into the branch and spoke to the on duty vp who happened to be there.
The teller and staff were professional ,friendly and assisted me with my concerns.
They assisted transactions and i will come back.
Thank you for actually listening we appreciate it.
Personally i love credit unions.
No fees, great rates for car loans, and this particular location has the best staff.
Always friendly and helpful.
Their customer service stands out.
Do not use or apply to this company!!!
Do your homework people, read these reviews, all the negative is true!!
Nothing in your life could be so bad that you need to resort to using these a@@holes!
I used the card as agreed for a year and a half, building my credit and paying it off monthly.
Then out of the blue fraudulent charges of $850 in florida appeared on my statement, this happened in march.
Time to lawyer up!
Worst bank and credit card ever with poor customer service.
I called their customer service number and they wouldn't do anything about it.
Not to mention they charge a replacement fee for a card which was never received in the mail.
This type of treatment is really unacceptable and i am considering canceling my credit cards with them.
My family and i have worked with this company for many years.
My parents were on the verge of losing their home after my mother was diagnosed with cancer.
John helped save their home from going into foreclosure.
I will forever be grateful for that.
I finally got to where i needed and refinanced at a better rate.
I really feel john has his customers best interest at heart.
Through this process, most things were able to be done online which i loved because i'm so busy.
The process was smooth and quick.
I highly recommend using this company.
Desert schools doesn't even deserve one star with the nightmare i have been experiencing with them.
It's taken them more than 1 week to clear a check that i deposited.
They refuse to release the funds and instead charge me more than $500 in nfs fees.
I have more than enough money to cover my purchased, but the funds "haven't been released yet".
Thank you for screwing me over!
I will never recommend them to anyone!
I am a policy holder with your team, for auto, rental and life insurance.
I recently added my son on my policy, as well.
They also helped in keeping me informed of my claim and reimbursed me for towing charges.
I didn't know i could get that money back.
I was so happy.
Brandon and nery are an asset to your team as well!
They are always available to see me, if i just pop in for something.
Never make me wait to be seen or have to make a future appointment.
They both are always willing to help and make you feel comfortable like an old friend or family.
They have also expressed how happy they were with brandon's service skills and personal attention.
He takes the time to listen to the needs of his client and acts on it.
Kudos to your team!
Happy client, heidi ree
Place is so horrible on how they manage things in this place.
Also the manager is walking around not helping the flow go down.
In every bank of america i go in to.
I got another ass-hat also (nigerian) who refused to make things right.
So, i cancelled my account with these idiots.
Please do not use desert schools federal credit union.
Their policies allow them to steal money from people who can not afford it.
Below is what happened.
I have used this bank for a few years because it was close to where i live.
I would give them negative stars if i could.
On 11/5 i overdrafted my account less than $50.
I received an overdraft fee of $35 which i'm fine with.
I call the bank four times and every time they hung up on me.
They said that's all they can do for me and there's nothing else that they would do.
It showed it was deposited when i checked my bank online it said available balance of $301.67.
If they werent at fault why would they refund three of them but no more.
Desert schools federal credit union is stealing my money when they have no right to.
Please if you do not make a lot of money, do not use this bank.
Then they even show it is available online and by the atm.
This is basically robbery but they can get away with it.
They are some evil dudes.
I was the victim of identity theft -- multiple instances of online credit application in different parts of the world.
This was confirmed with credit agencies.
Every other instance of fraud was resolved.
Credit one is the one organization that still attempted to collect -- on debt that i never incurred!
I have never had a credit one account, and i never will.
They sold the false account to collection agents and did nothing to help resolve the fraud.
I would give no star if i could
I have been using uwcu for more than 5 years for checking, savings, and credit card and i love it.
I switched over to uwcu from associated bank and i'm very happy with it.
The online interface is great and the service at the branches is superb.
Would recommend this credit union to anyone in the madison area.
Literally the worst bank ever never enough tellers always a line, rude people it's horrible.
So happy i don't have an account here and just deal with this crap for work.
Claudia was pleasant, respectful, and professional.
I highly recommend her if you are in need of a no-hassle title loan.
I very much appreciate the kindness and friendliness claudia provided me with.
I felt very comfortable working with her as she explained the process to me thoroughly.
Thank you again claudia!
I very much recommend her!
I can't say enough about how good the service i received was across the board.
I would recommend claudia to anyone looking to take out a loan.
Thank you so much.
Warning -don't ever get a credit card you will get scammed .
They are not real .....scams scams scams scams scams scams scams scams scams scams ....
I never used there fkn credit card since i got it but they make me pay $160 .
I hope they will get out of business soon *
The banks have made themselves more inaccessible than ever.
I don't do any banking at my "home" branch since everything can be done online.
After navigating the endless voice mail options, i leave a detailed message about what i need and left my number.
But no callback comes.
So do i have to drive to each branch in the area and see if they have some uk currency?
Super friendly, efficient, helpful people.
Went in to open an account today and i am completely pleased with the service.
Great people to deal with .
I left the 2 banks i had business and personal accounts with and opened 5 accts.
The online banking is easy to use.
The staff  knows me by name, and has bent over backwards to keep my happy.
My sister worked with erik a few years prior and recommended that i work with him.
So sorry to hear about the serene location robbery today.
This is my branch (was just there twice yesterday) and i see these wonderful ladies all the time.
Its scary to think that even our little credit union is not immune to all the violence in the world.
Hoping for all the tellers, management and staff behind the scenes peace and healing.
Located in the northwest of boca park, this particular chase, surprisingly, doesn't attract too much traffic.
There isn't a whole lot of details about the customer service here because it sits right in the middle.
Not great, but not bad at the same time.
If you're in a bind for dough and want to avoid any "traffic", stop in here.
Patricia is an excellent assistant and will hopefully never leave to run her own branch.
They are a full service bank with a great attitude...just ask lucy!
We insured with traci at sed poche's state farm office and for the first term it was okay.
Then, in the renewal, my son dropped off the insurance.
For some unknown reason, my son wasn't on the renewal policy.
But, they said, he's listed as in the household, so he's covered.
I got nothing in the mail to confirm any of that.
They worked on that for me and came back with an increase of $20 a month for my son's car.
I asked them, so he's insured right now?
"he's good to go."
And, he's been driving this car for two weeks and he wasn't insured!!
So guess who's looking for a new insurance company now?
He was at the dmv at 7:30 and he's just got done at noon.
Just the most appalling customer service of any company i've ever dealt with - ever.
On this one, i'd give minus five stars if i could...........................
Final update - they sent my renewal and my monthly bill doubled.
From $355 to $669.
Needless to say, we're back with geico.
This review is based purely on location & not being a member of cccu.
The building is pretty big so coincidentally the parking lot is too.
There usually is someone to greet you upon entering the front door.
Some sort of receptionist desk.
Feels nice to be greeted.. especially on pay day star 2.
The tellers are extremely nice & helpful.
The facilities are clean.
This location in particular isn't lit very well inside.
It almost feels kinda gloomy.
Maybe open a window or .. five?
Replace some bulbs with new fluorescents?
Maybe it'll get that last shiny star then :]
My husband and i have banked with chase for years, but were both disappointed with our visit yesterday.
We needed to speak with a personal banker.
There was no sign-in process, and we were not greeted by anyone, so we weren't sure what to do.
She said she would be with us in just a couple of minutes and disappeared.
She said it would only be about 10 more minutes.
It wasn't really a question - more of a statement.
Then she packed up her stuff and left.
But that didn't make us feel valued as customers.
It's worth mentioning that when i go home, i was able to do that online in less that 5 minutes.
But he never told me that was an option.
Anyhow -the entire customer service experience at this branch was seriously lacking.
I am a very loyal chase customer.
I am a highly disappointed chase customer.
You'll wait and wait and wait and guess what?
You will then wait some more.
I can't get the website to work.
It keeps saying i didn't enter required information when i entered every piece of information.
Sometimes, it goes through, but then when i enter the user and password, it says invalid user and password.
I called three of the listed phone numbers and same for each one.
The web site appears bogus.
I want to pay the bill but i cannot figure out how to do it.
These people have a problem.
Erik feldman has assisted my wife and me with closing two loans.
Erik is honest, dependable, hard working, and has a great attitude.
He communicates well by phone, text, email, and promptly returns phone calls.
He ensures all documentation is complete and in good order.
We enjoy working with erik feldman and recommend him with the highest regard.
Caveats:  1) people always nice on the phone.
2) payments processed like typical low end credit card company, so certain amount of money games expected.
3) the problem with this company are its customer service protocols.
Their online system gets hacked, account suspended, ok fine, not a bad idea.
Guys, if you're making money doing with your godawful practices well then bully for you.
The lobby person is a waste of employee - have him behind the teller window or at a desk.
Small talk with the nice working teller is fine :) you lobby person needs to get lost!
This is the place to go if you are looking to get nickeled and dimed.
I don't think i have been to a bank with a worse fee structure.
Everything has a fee.
We have quite a few accounts (4 to be exact) and a number of people we initially referred there.
The only reason i have given the bank a 2 (vs a 1) is because the staff are friendly.
There is no authority to waive fees.
Expertise on accounts is average, but it all comes back to the partnership model.
These accounts have actually cost us money in terms of value.
There are a lot better banks out there for you to get the most value from a bank.
Do your research before you look into opening accounts at busey!
Business account structure and fees are extremely high, with personal accounts a little better.
I hope they know how to respect their customers.
Do not go to this branch.
I went in at 4:20pm to wire and they tried to send me away.
What a shame !
The bankers are lazy and the manager is irresponsible.
If you need frustration and see unprofessioness, go there !
We've been using sscu since 2008.
Our closest branch is stephanie street.
All employees there have given us great service.
Nicole hill helped us with our auto loan.
Although nicole moved to the main branch we do still use stephanie street and still receive excellent service there.
We understand nicole will soon be moving to the fraud department.
Closed - drove around & around looking for this place and another bank was there.
I think that bank is closed also...
I have banked with wells fargo for years, and have had a very positive experience, in general.
The staff are always helpful and friendly!
Their halloween cake was especially tasty.
I find that often they use their "outdoor voices" when speaking about your private contact and personal info.
I'm sure many people behind me in line know my sin and tel number.
They are the slowest bank every time i go thru drive thru it takes 20 min.
Many times they don't know what they are doing.
Single most disorganized location i've ever had the displeasure of visiting.
We are new to the area and visited twice-never to return.
The first time was to get something notarized.
In and out in 5 minutes.
So i'm writing this for my fellow customers: please don't waste your precious time visiting here.
Just keep moving to a different location.
I don't know why i keep coming back to this bank location.
The location is all it has going for them.
She sits with a customer discussing dog photos on both their phones rather than work.
I am just sitting there with no choice but to eavesdrop on their conversation for 25 minutes with nothing accomplished.
I do not understand how this lady has not been fired yet.
Thank you for wasting my day away.
Crystal saves the day!
On 6/6/17 i came to this branch for an appointment i had set the week before.
I came in to an empty waiting area and a representative working up front greeted me.
I explained i had an appointment with teresa.
I was then told she no longer worked at this branch.
I explained that my son was coming from across town to be added to my account a oncu.
She then stated "i will put your name on the list and maybe someone can help you".
One man had since come in and was waiting behind me.
My son arrived and i told him what happened and he suggested i move my account to another credidt union.
Then from out of the clear blue sky a hero arrives on the scene.
"she heard i had an appointment and was sorry for the inconvenience but could she possibly help me instead.
Her name is crystal.
She proceded to make us feel welcome and that she cared that we were customers there.
Let me tell you -  if not for crystal i would have pulled every dime out of that credit union.
Very rude on the phone when you talk to them.
I checked my credit and they don't even report!!
When you call, you can't understand what they are saying.
They charge very high interest and high fees.
This bank is disgusting.
I feel sorry for anyone that works here.
Everything from the customer service, lighting, and even smell of this bank makes my skin crawl.
I wouldn't recommend them to my worst enemy.
Midfirst is my primary bank and i love them.
Spoke to bank manager gustavo m. very helpful helped me get a mortgage.
Btw got a bank draft for 5k in under five minutes and they knew me by name.
My mother who is "partially deaf" will close her account here very soon.
I got here at 1:10 and it's now 1:40.
We have not been greeted since we walked in, nor spoken to the officer( galina kirova).
I was forced to walk to the front to ask someone to see us and no one has come out.
She could have said hello welcome to chase, please give me a moment.
Instead she totally ignored us and hasn't been back out.
We have now been sitting for 40 minutes and she finally came out.
My mother has done over $1 million dollars in transactions here and this is how they treat their customers?
The manager robert stehn was also present and did nothing.
I am appalled at the level of subpar service here at this branch.
If they are understaffed they should at least take the initiative and greet their customers.
I will be sure to let corporate know before closing her account here.
Very professional and friendly.
Lets you know what is happening with the loan process every step of the way.
With my strange work schedule, he was the most understanding and helpful.
I would highly recommend this gentleman to do any of mine and your mortgage needs.
Tell me why you guys closed at 4.00 p.m.???
And saturdays not even open!!!!
I don't know any other such a big banks with such a short hours...  wells fargo - way to go.
Open late and weekends!
Very convenient for business people!
The one nearest to me at the time was the main branch in downtown calgary.
Mona greeted me with a genuine smile.
She asked me what i needed done and was an absolute delight to deal with.
Plus what was amazing is that she had me out of there in record time!!!
A big thanks to mona and to the entire crew over there!
Keep up the great work!
Seems legit to put my foot down when unnecessary service is being forced down my throat.
We all work hard for the money and i plan to stay in control of what i do with it.
Great service and the friendly tellers is just a plus.
On the mortgage side worked with rebecca and ryan.
I had another lender competing with them, and they blew them out of the water.
I would recommend anyone to refinance through one nevada!
I am pretty much going to reiterate how awful this location is.
The staff are incompetent and rude!
She gave me major attitude and sounded like i inconvenienced her day by making her do her job.
I did remind her that i am the customer and i can do my transaction which ever way i want.
Went in to open account.
The service representative placed her monitor berween her and i.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
The ease of getting into this location can be a bit difficult.
On a busy day it makes it a little more difficult to get your deposits ready.
He also took cash out for me too when i asked!
I have power of attorney for my elderly, ailing mother.
(so, i am supposed to hang up with him, call the same number again to ask if they have it????)
It was lost on him how idiotic that was.
Why do i have to hang up with credit one just to call credit one back?
He should contact customer service while i am on the phone to verify the power of attorney.
I have never had a company make it so hard to arrange to give them money!!!
This will be the last bill of hers that gets paid after the other companies get money
I've read the past comments and simply do not agree.
This branch is very friendly and helpful.
I will continue to stop into this branch and suggest that you do the same:)
I can't even talk to them about my account.
They hang up on me, that's right, hang up on me.
I plan to close my account, but i don't know how.
Not if they hang up on me.
They don't even have the courtesy to talk to you at all.
Holy lord jesus the fees!
It cost too much to keep this account open.
Erroneous charges just cuz they feel like it.
I can't dispute the claim, i can't to anything.
If i could i would use less than a star.
I think it's rediculous that they wouldn't accept change "coins" and gave me sleeves and had me do it myself.
Isn't it there job to count money?
So i had to sit down and do there job whilst they checked there facebook status...
Unacceptable in my opinion.
Coins are legal tender...
I could maybe understand if i wasn't a part of this bank or if i had $200 in coins...
I will be switching banks/using a different branch that's out of my way..
The employees at this branch are simply amazing!
Also to have a personal banker is quite nice.
Frankie has been so wonderful.
He is always there willing to help in any way possible.
I will be a long time chase customer mainly due to this branch.
This branch is awful.
Ok this is the "neighborhood" bank, and that would be great if i felt welcome when i visited.
But i usually just feel rushed because they close the doors promptly at 6pm weekdays.
Honestly, it is always rammed rammed in the after work hour, and yet there is usually 2 tellers open.
With barely any space to queue you get quite intimate with your neighbors indeed.
The girls are nice, but awful at small talk, and equally interested in chatting.
On the cheque you wrote yourself and you are the owner of the company.
It is big, clean, new, never busy and i am sure open at reasonable hours.
This establishment is horrible everyone i spoke with all had different sorry an told different lies.
If your into being lied to then i highly recommend...
They are incompetent, which is the worst thing you can be in banking.
They make no attempt to even try to give good customer service.
Bad attitudes and over bad experience.
I was a customer for two years.
What kind of company are they?
After reading the reviews, i've notice that credit one bank is a scam.
I tried to cancelled my account over the phone and they hung up on me.
I tried their 24/7 toll free number and they say that their office is closed.
Best advice is to send them your cut off card to their head quarters.
Hopefully that gives them a hint for not ripping off hard working tax payers.
I love my bank.
I really, really do.
I don't know of anyone else who says that, ever, so i'll say it again.
I love my bank.
I've been with them for eight years and i've never been dissatisfied.
Everyone's always very friendly and helpful.
You don't have to be employed by a nevada school to be a member.
If you're related to a member of the bank, you can be a member.
Also, if you want to belong so badly, if you donate to vegas pbs you are eligible for membership.
And you should donate to vegas pbs cause...uh...i work there.
Absolutely the worst bank ever!!!
Don't these people understand that you need spending money when you travel.
When i get back i am closing all of my accounts with them!
I had to talk to the manager just to get my own money out.
Stay away from this bank - horrible.
If you're looking for a home mortgage that closes on time i would look elsewhere.
We are going on a week late to close.
Too many other options out there to go with this bank for your home loan.
I tried 3 times with the same result.
She helped me and said it was fixed and it would now work.
So i tried again with the same result.
Same result; still not working.
I have been doing online money transfers for decades with no problem, other than this one account.
Finally, i got a valid (hopefully) reason!!!
But when i ask why, he doesn't know.
Why do these banks always use poorly trained dufesses in their call centers?
And why don't they have access to experts???
I hate freaking banks!
Dsfcu used to be great.
Now they are just a greasy mess.
We got a letter saying they are redoing their membership levels.
After 25 years as a customer i am level 1.... as in nothing nada you suck go to heck.
The only thing they reward.... having butt loads of debt.
Have a credit card with huge debt?
Let's not help people get out of debt.... let's reward them for staying there.
Again why does one of the largest banks in america refuses to give adequate customer service?
I hate it when i know i have to go inside the branch for anything.
I don't know who's worse to deal with, boa or cox!
Fair rates compared to most airport currency exchange companies.
Very kind employee who served me!
Will do business here again if i get the chance.
Completely worthless customer service.
Don't go to desert schools.
Located in the village circle center trails shopping plaza, this wells fargo is pretty nice.
I walked into the first u.s. bank that i've ever walked into today.
This was the location that i went to.
I was there to open an account and i'm glad i did.
My account has a lot of up-to-date features that i didn't know existed.
Sorry if i sound like i live in prehistoric times but they have an overdraft protection that is really awesome.
I previously banked with one nevada credit union and i did so for many years.
But at least at first glance, u.s. bank has been a good choice for my future banking needs.
Another thing that i like in particular about this bank is that the teller and customer transaction happens sitting down.
That being said, the chairs they provide for every transaction come in handy.
Worst branch i ever been.
0 costumer service .
Bunch of not professional idiots in one place .
They put 3 time wrong address i still didn't receive my card .
Love this place, we need to make a deposit employees were friendly and had a positive attitude
I come here probably once a month i live a mile down the road.
90% of the time there is only one maybe two tellers working.
The average wait in line is atleast 20min.
There just always under staffed which is very frustrating.
Nice clean place, just off the i-17.
Services my credit union from california, very easy to work with.
No problems at all.
The worse customer service ever!!!
And the worse credit card you could get!
Don't waste your time nor money with this people!!!
Rude staff with absolute zero customer service.
3rd time in 2 years they've showed incompetence with transactions.
Will go to another branch
The cmcu locations that i have visited (sunset and harris blvd) are very nicely kept.
On this trip, i needed to speak with a representative but elected not to wait.
I can always call the customer service number for prompt assistance.
Service seems to be simple and uncomplicated.
I really like cmcu.
If you live, work,or worship in mecklenburg county, you can join!
I have been a member for about two years now and i have no complaints.
Online banking is greatly improved from two years ago so i am a pretty happy member.
The process was easy to just go in and deposit money into my nebraska account.
After awhile i decided i should open an account here in arizona.
I went in and opened my account and everything was good for a short time.
I would bring in my checks and be able to have my funds available right away.
Also, the company i work for is a huge company and has been in business since 1974.
So they called my work, verified my employment, deposited the check and the funds were available.
They call and do their thing and deposit the check.
Next payday, same thing.
At this point i am getting upset because there is no reason to keep having to verify my employment.
I have worked there for 7 years!
They have been cashing my checks since day 1 with no problems.
I put up a fuss and she tells me she will cut it down to a 4 day hold.
So she can just make her own rules???
I told her to forget it and deposit it in my shared account in nebraska.
She got really rude with me and told me they would put a hold on it also.
She deposited the money and guess what???
The money was immediatly available.
I told her to close my account because i was so pissed off.
She then told me i would be charged $35 to close it!!!
She said it was stated in the paperwork i got when i opened my account...
I looked through it all and i have nothing that states this.
To sum this up, do not give this credit union your money!
They seem to have forgotten that they need our money, we don't need them.
There are a lot of  banks out there that are happy to have your money.
It was my first time goingnto this bank since the one on maryland and bonanza closed down.
I sighned in at 3:20pm and left at 4:10pm - without being helped....
Donna is excellent at her job she is experienced and knowledgeable she helped me and i was grateful
Bill bright and his team with afn are the most knowledgeable, professional, and honest mortgage experts one can find.
My last three mortgages were all completed through the bright mortgage group.
I've dealt with many mortgage brokers and loan officers and none can compare to or deliver like bill's team!
I highly recommend bright mortgage group to anyone who desires a smooth and worry-free mortgage financing.
Worst banking center ever!!!
The atms are out of service and this is not the first time.
I asked for the manager and her response was.."it's been reported".
It's the first day out of the week after a holiday weekend and they only have 2 tellers on????
Customers shouldn't have to wait more than 10 min for a cash deposit .
I will drive out of the way to avoid this banking center.
I've been in line more than 20 minutes.
Not many of us have to go into banks much anymore.
But on a saturday in south phoenix folks should expect to see some foot traffic.
We were bringing someone there to open a new account, and we waited about 30 minutes to be seen.
This gave us lots of time to sit back and watch the line.
It was pretty consistent, though never more than 4-5 folks in line at a time.
So not too bad.
The parking in this place is a mess!
We saw 2 accidents almost happen just during that visit.
The inside itself isn't too bad, a bit run down, but it's not particularly dirty or falling apart either.
I just opened an account here and already regret it.
I deposited a paycheck several days ago and the funds are not available yet.
When i called to inquire, i was asked to verify the following information... 1.
First & last name  3.
Last 4 of ssn 5.
A recent transaction to my account 6. business or personal account  annoying.
That's too many questions in my opinion.
Next i was told when the funds would be available.
They have a "hold period" of up to 10 days!
Side note, i deposited a check issued by the same account just a few days prior.
That one cleared much faster for some reason...
If you actually want to be able to spend your money, i'd avoid this place.
The tellers inside are friendly.
Never an issue with service at this branch
Dennae helped me open accts needed for the refinance.
They are both very professional and a pleasure to work with.
Absolutely unfair to get all my personal information just to deposit a lil bit of cash..
I'll try to stay away from this location as much as possible.. no stars service!
I'm so sorry to this wells fargo branch.
I have been here numerous times since my initial review and i can't believe i only gave them 3 stars!!
They are so accommodating as well!
This is my new favorite wells fargo branch in the city!
Fraud alert- never never never use this credit card.
They charge a monthly fee -we did not know that so they put us as late on our credit report.
Customer service is horrible- they will not fix this even though we were not late.
This company is a fraudulent.
They charge you to pay your card they charge you to raise your limit.
I will be turning them into the better business bureau.
If there was a 0 button i would use it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do not do not use this credit card company!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been with cccu for almost 5 years and can't say enough good things.
I live in arizona and christine tassone is still my 1st call for anything.
If you are looking for a financial partner.
Cccu and christine should be your 1st and only call
Everyone knows how hectic bank depots can be.
I come in here to handle merchant transactions for work.
The customer traffic is hit or miss.
The staff that work here have been 99% accurate.
At two separate times, the teller shorted me a dime roll, and another time gave me an extra dime roll.
They actually called to say they shorted me.
They definately greet upon walk-in so vibrantly.
I am absolutely floored and baffled.
No one else at td has ever treated me so.
The service at these locations has never let me down.
Not only are there tons of fees and hidden charges.
I've been paying my bill in full for months.
The lady who got on the phone to take my payment said that there is interest acquired.
I said no there is not.
I'll just lay my balance plus the 9.95 they charge you for paying near your due date.
Asked her to transfer me to customer service to cancel my card.
Call back to cancel the lady who answers is baffled, she says there is no interest.
You're not safe, in fact don't even feel safe with them having my info.
Will be contacting all three credit bureaus to make them aware and make sure they are doing everything right.
They sure don't know.
I have to call back to cancel after processed.
Life lock here i come
They are a shared branch for us.
Their rates are not competitive and they recently went to kiosks and eliminated thier staff.
Wait times are high and the kiosks are far from helpful.
The whole point to a brick and mortar bank is for customer service.
If they brought people back and had some good credit union rates, i'd consider joining.
I wish there were a 0 for this.
You definitely work for the company.
This is an awful credit card.
I got it during or right after college and kept it for my credit rating.
They are awfulllll with their customer support and customer service.
There are zero benefits to the cards they provide comparatively to anything else out there.
They were trash on the phone with me and just an awful company.
Will never recommend this place to anyone or anything.
Yelp should have a zero star rating ability for organizations like this.
It is a scam of a company!!
Dont get this card!!
Granted, i'm the idiot that didn't notice it was different than "capital" but it happens.
I've used the card for a couple of months and hate it.
First off, their website is awful.
If u can figure out how to pay your bill online then you defeated their adult proof site.
So i called to pay it and he said my account needs to update before i can pay it.
I don't know how to work with a company that forces you into late fees.
So i waited a couple days until i got back from vacation.
They called me 14 times the day it went passed due!
I felt like i was pleading with a gunman.
We have been with state farm for over 35 years.
This is the worst office i have ever dealt with.
If not for the friendliness of their tellers this place would get a one star.
If you are looking for business banking, don't expect it here.
Bofa's usually offer similar customer experiences but this one misses the mark, substantially.
Great customer service, attractive decor and location makes this td branch stand out among the city's best branches.
Used to make deposits here for work.
All of the ladies who work here are really lovely.
We have been members of chase for 20+ years, from before they were named chase.
I took my son who just graduated from hs in because he wanted to change his hs acct.
I won't say this relationship bankers name, but she was horrible and rude.
She instantly made us feel as if we were bothering her.
She was condescending and talked down to my son.
Never in my years with chase or any bank have i had anyone treat us that way.
I have tried calling to speak to the branch manager and received the runaround from employees answering the call.
I will go in person to file a formal complaint and will escalate as needed.
It's a shame how one person can ruin an experience and lose a customer.
This bank is terrible.
Always long lines, never enough workers, and no drive thru teller.
It's 2017, get with the program boa.
I've also dealt with a few internal issues with my account.
They apparently don't know how to work their own auto payments either.
I've set up/attempted to set up auto payment 3 times now and each month it doesn't work.
This banking system is ridiculous
If i could i give it a one star.
This bank is ridiculous they seem friendly at first but after awhile it changes miraculously and it's unfortunate.
I won't be coming back and the $150 for becoming a new customer and it took forever.
And some of the guys working there always give you a look and act like they are better than you.
Like relax you work at a bank.
Closes at 5pm on weekdays.
Many of their customers get off work at 5pm so can't come in and use this bank.
I walked out and i'm choosing a different bank.
Slowest,  most longest lines ever.
They need to pick up the pace or get more officers to serve their customers.
I am thankful to close down the account.
Had the card for nearly a year and hadn't had any issue.
My balance has been 0 for some time now.
Recently someone got ahold of my cc number and some fraudulent charges were made on the card.
This was my first interaction with customer service.
However, they can not give you the number to contact fraud department to speak about your case with them directly.
They say they don't have access to the department.
That seems very strange and fishy to me.
They also have a time frame ranging from 90 days as to how long your investigation can take.
This is one of the finest credit unions in the country.
I am an investor and continue to rely on this establishment for clear and consistent business.
Very reliable and amazing for helocs
Sharwani has been an amazing source of relief of expected banking issues and keeping the cccu standard alive.
Thank you so much!!
This credit preys on people with low credit score.
It has a $25 fee to replace a lost card.
Also a $9.00 fee to make a payment on the phone.
The people that answer their phone are not well trained and barely get the job done.
If you absolutely need a credit card use this one as a last resort but that is it.
I was at the starbucks in the trails village center and needed to stop at the atm at wells fargo.
There wasn't a single car in any of the three lanes even the one with the atm.
That's almost 4 stars without thinking.
I have lived here over a decade and this is my first check in here says something.
This has to be the worse financial institution ever!!
I've in line for 50 mins with only 4 people in front of me.
I was a bank teller for 5 years and this is unacceptable.
The tellers show no sense of urgency(dennae, juan jose"jj" & sharwani).
None of them are apologizing for how long this is taking.
I haven't seen the manager this entire time they must be at lunch.
I'm taking my business else where.
I have literal been standing in line for my entire lunch break
Waiting for a banker.
None to be found.
No dog in sheet.
Not greeting to acknowledge my presence.
I really dislike this chase location.
They really could care less about customer service.
I would never go to them again.
Financed house only because kw realtor recommended.
Despite an excellent credit history received the crappiest of service for measly $220k financing.
I find it unbelievable that they still don't have the capability of depositing checks through the app.
Are you guys just the most archaic bank?
You've been promising your customers for years that you will have this feature.
Every other bank has this!
Absolutely, without a doubt the worst bank i've visited in az.
The people at this branch are incredibly rude as well as just not caring at all.
I was attempting a deposit of all things.
Don't waste your time with this branch and after this experience, us bank will get none of my money.
Even their company website customer reviews for this branch are 2.5 out of 5!
I don't understand why people are complaining.
Credit one is good card.
I have no complaints with them.
It's a quick easy drive through to get cash and/or make a deposit.
My preferred bank :) clean and easy.
Extremely long wait on payday.
Only one teller on counter even after having a very long line of customers.
Every time i come here, there's one teller and a line to the door.
Nobody else here has a teller drawer for when the line builds up?!!
And it's a joke that the az boa don't offer a drive thru anymore!
And, no your big fancy atm you try to force everyone to use instead doesn't replace a teller!
Super nice and honest.
First time i ever pawned and i will be back if need to.
A very nice and profitable experience!
Told a few of my friends and they will give pawn1st a try.
Credit one platinum card is b.s.
They are total rip offs we.
Hidden fees hidden fees,hidden fees.
Saturday october 20 i had 343 i spent about 80 and now they say i owe 468.
I was hung up on everytime william and clay were the worst agents ever!
Andrew was 3rd rude agent he hung up then michelle number 4 all rude and hung up in my face.
Two agents wouldnt say their name when they got on phone.
This company is horrible we apologize they say.
They are sooooooooooo rude and could careless they talk to you bad.we finally get a superviser after 5 agents!
Im paying them off and canceling.
I know why its easy to get a card from them.
I see all these negative reviews on this company however, i have never had any bad experiences with them.
I've had my visa and mastercard with them for almost four years now.
To dispute a charge, you'd have to write a letter and mail it to their main office.
I am giving this cad 3 stars because i have only had it a couple of months.
I was not charged a $75 fee and i have had two statements.
Maybe they changed that or something...
They have a great staff and an awesome ceo who believe in what they are doing and love doing it.
Nice location inside but my biggest qualm with this place is the drive up atm.
Every single time i've gone to this drive up atm there's been something wrong with it.
Whether it's "can't accept cash deposits" or "can't dispense cash", they're always something wrong!
That's the main purpose of an atm!
Their fraud dept called me and refused to honor it, claiming it's because avg is in the netherlands.
I shop online all the time with international companies and use my riverset card, no problem.
This happened twice before and riverset did an "override", but refused this time.
I tried calling them - big joke - the phone rang and rang and rang then went to voicemail.
Extremely poor customer service.
I'm a retired teacher.
I've banked with ss off and on since 1970.
In the beginning, they were smaller, more personalized...helpful.
Now, not so much.
Tried everything...finally went in to the mcleod branch for a one on one...not helpful.
I took the time to "google" the "mortgage service company"...why in the world would ss retain them?
Can we say scam, boys and girls?
Not a good way to assist folks.
Ss pretty much told me, "it's not our problem".
Customer service is on life support here.
My teenage daughter went in to cash two checks written to her by a bb&t customer.
Bad enough, but the terse manner in which they treated her really disappoints me.
Recently brought a home in arizona and relocated to arizona from san diego.
I've banked at credit unions most my life.
Desert schools credit union was one of the credit unions i was seriously considering transferring to.
Wish it could be different.
A headache bank, uses the technologies to deceive you .
I said make sure the 16 will not be 35 .
I don't know if my account has been cancelled ??!!!???!!!?!?
When it comes to the banking industry, i'm usually pretty disgusted with the whole lot.
Despite being the sort of person who doggedly stayed with local banks (remember those?)
And credit unions, about eight years ago i somehow ended up a wells fargo customer.
Despite friends' warnings (isn't there a war story about every bank?
), i did the lazy thing and stayed with wf.
A bank that puts the spirit of law before the letter of it?
Isn't good service so often the dealbreaker when it comes to choosing or staying with a bank?
That feeling that, should bad things go down, you'll be able to talk to someone who will really listen?
Great to work with!!!
I'll be recommending you to my family, friends, and coworkers.
I just canceled my services with prolific business solution.
I did this after 2yrs with them come to find out that i was locked in a 4year!!!
He couldn't even help me prorate the cancellation fee.
I am outrage by this and how shady this company runs its business.
They try to trap there customers!
And the 4years contract is standard.... (in what world) 2years is standard.
I can understand 2 years but 4?!?
This card has destroyed my credit rating.
I had my card stolen reported as so.
They charged me $37.95 to replace it.
That put me over my limit.
Then charged me $35.00 over limit fee.
Then reported it to my credit report.
Drop my rating 50 points.
This place is the worst for loans.
It took four times for them to get my auto loan correct.
I've been a customer of pse credit union for years.
I used to think so highly of them and always enjoyed doing business with them.
What a freaking hassle.
Not to mention how condensending and patronizing the vice president of the bank was to me.
I am deeply hurt how i was talked to and treated.
Shame on you vice president of pse shame on you!
Absolutely the worst customer service ever!
I am still waiting on the 'phone recording' from 2 months ago.
I still can't setup online access after 6 calls and 2 faxs.
Four other employees walking around asking a line of 6 customers how they're doing.
Credit one bank fucking sucks ass!!!!
Let's get someone in the united states of america to handle shit!
Someone who speaks english for fuck sake!
Screw you stupid idiots!
This credit company is a joke!
I got curious and check yelp.
Thanks to those whose posted reviews here.
Annual fee every month and higher interest charge than other credit cards!!
Horrible service if you can even call it that.
I have sent several letters regarding fraudulent charges and they refuse to even respond.
I have written without even the courtesy of a response.
As an attorney representing several card holders i intend to file civil and criminal charges against them for their actions.
I wonder if they will fly in the gook in response to my subpoena?
We don't recommend midfirst bank.
So, we had to take off of work and drive over there.
We talked with cory, the bank manager cory.
No sorry, no, we apologize for the problem, no nothing.
This bank is a really bad joke.
Only giving 1 star because it's required.
Worst customer service and laziest staff i have experienced in a long time.
I just want to be acknowledged by a staff member.... still nothing.
The last few times i've entered the bank yolanda has been such a huge help.
She is so pleasant to speak with and makes the experience a lot easier.
Her friendliness and upbeat personality lightens the mood from a usual bank experience.
Her and all the other staff are always very friendly when i come in.
I was a bit weary when the teller machines were first introduced but they're very easy to work with now.
I always feel at ease when i leave thanks to everyone here
So i have banked here for over five years.
I call midfirst right away to explain the situation because there are no banks nearby.
In fact they have no banks in california.
So the phone person was very nice but said there's nothing they can do to help me.
Despite telling them my husband has direct deposit hitting in two days.
No help or offer to waive fees.
I am so done with midfirst.
If i was with any other bank i could have just gone and deposited the money.
Will never go to a "bank" again.
Free atms at any credit union nationwide.
The place oozes sanity and unslickness.
We recently opened a new checking/savings account after moving from oregon to henderson.
We were looking for a smaller institution open to the public and found just what we needed!!
Shaylynn upshaw was extremely patient and helpful.
She walked us through everything and answered all of our questions.
Very happy with our choice!
So i wanted to put my 5 cents worth and give bmo a nod.
I don't think anyone understands the point of this card.
Nor do they read about it before they get it.
It is for rebuilding credit, it is not american express.
They are not hidden fees.
If you don't like it then don't sign up for it.
So don't listen to all these people who chose to get a credit card without knowing anything about it.
This company pays for positive reviews!!!
They called me 16 times in 2 hours and left no voice mail.
They also will call from different numbers if you block the original one they called from.
All this is after speaking to them and informing them of your situation.
Absolutely horrible company i cannot wait until next month when i can pay off the $380 dollars i owe them.
Please beware and stay away from this company no matter how desperate times become.
No problems with this bank.
The only inconvenience is not being able to schedule a payment ahead of time.
One of the most friendly banks, staff rocks, debbie, dawn are great personnel unlikely other banks.
Depositing checks or banking is painful at this location.
It takes 30 mins to deposit a check?
It is like this every time i come here.
I have banked with chase bank my entire adult life.
The nearest branch is about 5 miles from my house, but with that said... it's worth the drive.
Extremely friendly and knowledgable staff.
Always greeted with a smile, and addressed by name.
The chase corporation should be extremely proud of this branch, as the customer service is top notch.
It is a pleasure to do my banking there.
I have been with desert financial for 10 years.
They say you are a owner.
Well if i was an owner i would fire myself.
The service is shoddy and you have to love this, twice when they made a mistake, they blamed me!
Time for a new bank!!!
Absolutely stay away from credit one bank!!!
No one in this company will do anything about this fraud account.
***do not trust credit one bank***
Went to this location to cash a check from one of my tenants.
The teller asked me if i was a current us bank customer.
When i told her no, she said that there would be a $5 charge to cash the check.....what?
Since when did banks charge you to cash a check written from their bank???
I asked her what my options were.
She said:  1 - you can open a us bank account.....yeah right....i don't think so.
2 - i can deposit it at a bank where i have an account.
The funds will clear in 3 to 5 business days.
No way...that's not an option....i want my money now.
3 - i can pay the $5 fee and cash it right away.
Well, i had no choice....i had to pay the $5 rip-off fee......screw this bank.
But will i ever bank with us bank?
No merchant window open and after 20 minutes i left ...... horrible bank .
English is the 3rd language in that bank ... only in america.
This is a ghetto credit card.
If you are even a day late they would call your number back to back.
13 times these people call me.
Mind you i have a fico of 600+.
And had "capital one" for 8 years and never had this problem.
If you value your credit don't use this card.
Their customer service is outsourced and fees and rates are too high.
You're better off keeping your money under your mattress.
I opened this account when i moved to phoenix and had major problems from day one.
Customer service is majorly flawed as noted by the other reviewers.
Since i've had the account multiple branch locations have shut down and shared branching options have become limited.
This has pretty much made the service go from poor to terrible.
In recent months, it has been nearly impossible to get a customer representative on the phone to address issues.
Buyer beware, you have been warned.
I just wanted to do some laundry so i refused to give out such sensitive information.
I drove to the bank next door to finish my transaction without any troubles.
I am really disappointed how loyal, long time customers are treated.
After reading reviews i see i'm not the only one.
I'm a long-time user of bofa....so i'm not reviewing the bank chain - just this location itself.
It has a great staff--but only one atm that is always busy and does not offer driveup convenience.
Kristen was great for me getting me low car insurance and making sure i was taken care of.
I waited in the business drive through for one car for 30 minutes.
And, of course, someone pulled up behind me so i couldn't get out.
I tried calling the bank after 20 minutes and, naturally, there was no answer.
I'm switching banks and ecstatic to do so.
Their mobile app is the only thing i use for this company to deposit checks.
Now that doesn't work so i have no use for this credit union.
They are difficult to work with, the employees hardly know anything about finance.
I had a random check put into my account from an error that ended up costing me over $500.
This credit union is pathetic and never bank with them.
I hate to say it but wells fargo makes this place look bad.
If i could give a negative star i would.
Useless company and a waste of my time.
My parents setup a bank account with parama ages ago, when i was still in diapers.
This branch is very frustrating!
One of the older tellers (with dark hair...forgot her name) can be very unfriendly.
The managers don't know anything when i ask a question.
It's always a waste of my time going in here.
Once my credit card is paid off, i will close my account with chase altogether.
Not good customer service.
The staff was very nice and professional.
This bank is pretty quiet inside.
I love that the service was quick and there was not a line
I would never, ever return to this credit union, and would advise you to stay far, far away.
Here's my story:  i had a car loan with them.
I moved, and called to give them a change of address.
I also sent them the change of address several times.
Finally, i decided to pay off everything i owed in one lump sum.
Little did i know- that they reported me to the credit reporting bureau for default of my car loan!
Take my advice- stay far, far away!
I have had this card since 2005 and i had good credit then.
Didn't really have a problem, or should i say nothing came up in my life until this year.
I have already had 3 issues with them this year.
I was in the process of making  a payment online.
I realized i was using the wrong checking account when it asks you to confirm yes or no.
It went through anyway..
I immediately made the same payment with the correct checking account.
Uh, that wasn't shared with me.
I do not care and told her it was not my problem.
Duh,  i wouldn't have guessed and you think i care because...?
Also i had a question about one of the charges on my statement i did not recognize.
I was told i had to research this myself, which is different than the review below this one.
I worked briefly for another card company and my job was to research such transactions.
Next time i apply for a card i will verify a us based call center and a direct cbr prior.
Their las vegas # again is 702 269 3900 pass it on
Lord help you if you need to change your address with them.
It's a complex algorithm which i have yet to solve.
Obviously from looking at your web site, it seems you really are not phased by bad reviews.
I guess thats the way it is with large companies... an acceptable amount of loss as they would say.
Well, i guess i am not a part of that acceptable loss.
Your customer service is terrible.
Apology after apology then repeating the same thing over and over again...
Here is what the policy is!
There is nothing i can do!
I get all the nonsense and bs...
One or the other!
The bottom line is, when you make a mistake, you need to own it!
You need to be accountable for that mistake and make it right.
You have not done that here today.
You have not owned your mistake... you have not made it right... and who is screwed.
Me, the customer thats who!
But hey, you're a big credit bank, i am a small guy and i see that i really don't matter.
So do the hundreds of other people who have left bad reviews here and other web sites.
We are all the losers and we are the ones who are out.
Not much i can do but vent about it on yelp.
It is only my hope that other people will read this and say, thank god i read this review...
I am not going to go with that bank.
I am sure that won't happen, because to quote pt barnum... "there's one born every second" (sucker that is!!!)
I guess today, that sucker is me!!!
Maybe not much i can do on a grand scale.
But at least i won't be giving you anymore annual fees and no more interest.
Congratulations... for such a small issue you could have handled easily, you now lost 1 more customer.
This bank is making money out of charging your credit card accounts with fake transactions.
Their fraud protection is totally a fraud.
Don't do business with them!
If your reading this you might be looking to pawn an article, in need of emergency cash.
In which case i'm not sure this will be of much help.
I do think you should know what your getting.
Yes, they will tell you it doesn't happen at our store.. don"t believe it!!!
: (  i was in need of cash, (family loss).
I pawned 3 vintage neuman microphones.
The first time i did so.
There was no problem.
The second time,  yikes!!!
I first noticed they couldn't find two of my microphones.
Hummm... how is this possible.
(cartons were both opened)  on inspection the 'body's'  of the mics were checked,(scratched and dinged.)
Interesting because the manager and i had both inspected them on arrival with no such damage.
When i discovered this, i didn't say anything at first.
They still had yet another microphone in there possession.
I quickly gathered the money to get the third unit.
Too late... sadly... it too have being used.
So, i ran tests on all 3 units.
2 of the capsals are damaged, only 1 survived.
I brought this to the managers attention, he said next time 'i'll put them in the safe" , really???
He said he had seen all types of things by employees,... ya,  so where dose that leave me?
Two damaged original microphones that came in in pristine condition, now leaving damaged.
If you are leaving anything you hope to see again, forget this company.
Looking at the reviews of others i can see i am not alone.
There are other pawn shops out there.
If enough of us go to them maybe we can begin to shut these guys down.
I hope my review helps someone who was unsure as to what you can expect from this company.
I will be sending them the bill, which i am quite positive they will not be paying.
Last i checked they are responsible for the acts of their agents/employees.
They figured i wouldn't figure out what they had done.
In short they are a rip off!!!
Thanks and good luck!
Scam/ (1) grimey entity closely connected to several other grimey entities under one bigger owner being "sherman financial group".
Do your homework please.
They will intentionally destroy your credit report(s) and crush your credit worthiness.
Credit one will sell your account to its grimey family entity junk debt buyer.
Who will further destroy your credit then pass it on to another grimey family entity until your credit is demolished.
After that they will again sell your info and wash their hands of you.
Do not get involved.
You will regret it!!
I am a huge fan of desert schools.
They are really nice and great to bank with.
I recommended everyone switch to a credit union especially this one!
The lines are never super long, even on friday afternoon.
I have never had a major problem like i experienced at other banks.
The other major bonus is they have branches inside wallmarts open all day saturdays.
One of the worst customer service ever.
I've had my card for over 5 years.
I've been past due on the payment date, but never delinquent (30 days past due).
I appreciate reminder phone calls but their customer service is out sourced to india.
He was literally interrogating me on why i hadn't paid my bill.
When i asked to speak to a supervisor, the supervisor wasn't even sure what credit card they were calling about.
Do they pick their names out of a hat?
Btw, capital one's customer service is excellent!
Ordered a camera rated at "very good" from pawn1st via the buya website.
So, if you want to buy a hammer from these guys, yeah, probably a safe deal.
No creature in their right mind (or even slightly twisted) could have rated that camera even as high as "fair."
Definitely agree with the horrible customer service comment.
Especially when it comes to the mortgage department.
If u were thinking about using this bank...keep searching.
What kind of money establishment is this?
Not to mention the fees.
Every time you turn around you're getting nickel and dimed.
My debit card needed to be replaced and it was $5.
Your .01 piece of plastic and 10 seconds of bad customer service and it's $5?
Honestly though...when they told me i was nonplussed as i was surprised it wasn't $20.
The people working there seem nice enough when they aren't carrying out their employers bad policies.
Counting the days till i can close our acct and move to a real bank.
I wish there was a negative button.
I had no issues with the bank until today and i have never been so upset.
The manager here had no issues leaving me stranded out of state not able to check into a hotel.
I just wanted access to my own funds.
I have never been so upset in my life and the lack of customer service was unbelievable.
I'm closing my account the second i get back home.
Absolutely pathetic and the worst customer service i have ever been given.
I am new to the area.
Pawn 1st has a very professional staff and a clean pawn shop.
I have bought sold and pawned many things for many years from pawn stores up and down the west coast.
I have been nothing but pleased with my purchases and the customer service i received at this location.
Brandyn he's been amazing.
He worked with my wife.
And myself and i plan on continuing my business with pawn 1st and brandyn for many years to come.
These people take advantage of people with poor credit.
Cost over $100 in fees to get it, $9 to make payment over the phone.
I made a payment online.
My account was cancelled.
I found out after the fact, "that account was closed."
Nobody ever told me what went wrong or gave me a chance to remedy it.
So they are adding on fees, as i try to dig my way out of this disaster.
They are totally screwed up in everything they do, and you will pay the price.
Am a long time client .
Called to ask a simple question and was sent to 8 different departments and on hold for each!
Can't believe capital one doesn't know even the simplest of answers !
I went in to open a new checking account and got so much more !
My checking account also included a savings account.
Then to make it even better i also opened what we old school people call a christmas club.
I was so amazed at everything that is available to me.
The on line banking is amazing too.
The customs service is above and beyond ...... marco wibowo was so awesome !!!
He made me so comfortable and made sure i knew everything about my account and the benefits .
I am so excited and happy with my decision to open my account with marco at one nevada .
I look forward to many years of service with my personal banker marco wibowo !
Thank you marco !
Hands down the best insurance agent and office!!
The employees are so helpful and friendly.
I've had several claims/accidents and they've always taken great care of me.
They will promise you the world to get you to open accounts but will not follow through.
I needed to buy some chinese yuan (renminbi) for my trip to shanghai.
It was a wonderful sign that i saw the cibc penguin.
I love penguins, so i was bound to spot it.
Moments later, there was this cibc.
I didn't have to wait long.
There was one gentleman ahead of me.
The exchange rate was decent.
I didn't get dinged at all!
It helped that i had a chequing account.
The woman was friendly and helpful.
I got my money and was a happy camper.
Brian has been fantastic over the last 2 years on our account.
He always finds us resolution to a problem, even on weekends when he is home with his family.
The support staff are also very helpful if anything goes wrong with the equipment.
The absolute worst experience i have ever had with a credit card company in my entire life.
I spoke with multiple people who none of which helped me with the full extend of my concerns.
Including but not limited to dominique id 51272, barney id 50643, and mitch id 4190999.
All of these people disregarded my concerns.
None could help me submit my online payment.
This company uses predatory practices that push people into debt.
Companies like this need to be stopped.
I do not recommend them.
I have been a member of ssscu since 1968.
I used to think it was great until recently.
Everything they have done in the past few years has made my life in retirement much more difficult.
This is a pretty sad state of affairs after 45 years of being a steady customer.
They just don't care about us individually any more.
It's all about the bottom line.
Everything people say is true.
I've been to this location several times and they really don't seem to care for customer service.
They gave me credit when no one else would.
They were professional, courteous, and respectful of my wishes.
That's on you to do, so if you fail at this it's your fault not theirs.
Thanks credit one bank, i truly appreciate you giving me credit a while back when no one else would!
You served me well while i had you.
I worked with unison bank for a home loan.
Dave did a great job always available and they were the cheapest.
12 people in line ahead of me.
2 tellers, no drive up, no merchant window.
Just where are all the service fees we pay going?
I wish it wasn't such a pain to transfer our business accounts.
As i write this, a man ahead of me is screaming at the teller.
Looks like i'm not alone being dissatisfied with b of a!
More problems with riverset's "competence" as a credit union.
Then of course that bounced a paypal transaction the following day and they charged another overdraft fee, for their mistake!!
This is the last straw for us.
I rarely write reviews but this credit card company is so unbelievably bad that i cannot contain myself.
So many hidden fees!!!
Their email communication is inconsistent.
Customer service is horrible.
Credit one drives me nuts.
Definitely avoid using this bank.
Go for chase or bofa or capital one.
I have been banking with dsfcu since 2000, and i can honestly say that i love my bank!
Horrible, i will never go here again.
No work ethic and rude employees.
Something that takes 1 minute to do and it's more then 5 employees working.
If i could give them a 0 i would.
Great job keep up the work thots!!!
Sincerely robert d wilson jr
When i went to the bank, the teller asked me why i was closing my accounts.
I told him "relationship rewards" and he said "we're hearing that a lot".
I got the card three years ago after my husband died to establish credit in my own name.
I accepted their offer of a card with a $99 fee and an interest rate above 28%.
I do not care about the interest rate because i pay it off completely twice a month before being billed.
The agent i talked to was rude, so i hung up.
Out of spite, he cancelled my account.
When the three months are up, i'm canceling.
I had a good experience with donna e, new accounts.
Very efficient and kept process understandable, simple and fast.
Also explained differences between credit unions & banks.
Thumbs up for the help.
I have been a customer there for about 10 years.
She said we could call any time and we did.
With her advice we got a great deal and saved us a lot of money.
Still hits you in the face with fragrance but aside from tha a ok
But instead i get to wait in a long line.
This happens at a lot of locations.
Rick west and his employees give the worst service.
My parents use state farm so i went to this agency.
When i went to the office no one could explain why.
Then they said it would be applied again before my next payment which was two weeks away.
Unsurprisingly i was over charged that month.
I am in college and i work a part time job and they were completely inconsiderate of my financial situation.
I switched to geico and i am paying $60 less for the same insurance.
I would never recommend this agent, ever.
Nobody is willing to find out why my card would not work.
Wanted me to pay for anew card when the stripe would not activate, closed my account and went to chase
This bank has 5 people greeting you and 1 teller working.
Go to another branch.
Don't waste your time here while they all stare at you and no one works!
If 0 stars was an option that's what i would choose.
If a zero star were possible :( friday at 4 pm - 30+ people in line and 3 tellers.
Like has not moved in over 15 minutes.
Reeks of incompetent management  avoid the location if at all possible.
Might just be the worst bank branch on earth.
If this is your home branch, i would change it.
It's an absolute mess.
I don't understand why they have 7 windows and 1 teller who moves slower than my grandma!!!!
I'm not sure what happen to fast, efficient service, but it definitely doesn't exist at this branch.
I just purchased my first home and john did an outstanding job on our loan.
He made the experience so much easier than i thought it would be!
I highly recommend john to help get your loan!
This bank is close to home its quick and easy access is fun and i like it.
But over all i give it 4 stars.
Its a nice place to save your money and watch it grow.
I came into this branch and didn't get greeted...but i ignored that.
I needed an notary.
So i patiently sat and waited to speak with a banker for almost 20 minutes.
Here is the thing...i'm not upset that the notary isn't available.
But no they saw me the moment i walked in the door and didn't acknowledge me for 20 minutes...just ridiculous.
I will bank at this branch only to use the atm because the atm has better customer service!
Giving this company a one star due to the unnecessary interest fees and interest they charged me.
So, the account was paid in full 8 days ago.
In fact it was overpaid by $101.
I asked them and was told that the interest is accumulated for that cycle/ period.
Sounds crazy, so just closed my accounts with the company.
Please read the fine print or ask questions before obtaining a credit card through credit one.
I have used this location in the past for convenience, not anymore.
I pulled into the drive through and waited while the teller greeted people who arrived after me.
I waited over ten minutes and at this point i push the talk button and ask her what's up.
She says oh you must have had your window rolled up when i greeted you, i did not.
Then i ask her if i need to come in to do a credit card transfer no response.
Again i wait, when she comes back on the speaker she says is that all i can get you?
I say all you can get me you did not even ask me what i needed.
At this point i'm told i need to come in to make the transfer.
It has been 20 plus minutes at this time and i go in the bank.
There are at least 15-20 people waiting who came after me so i ask for a manager.
He wants to argue with me, of course the "manager" has no name tag.
I tell him i will close my five accounts with them and he says ok.
I guess this is why their credit rating took a huge hit, their excellent customer service.
Claudia gave me the best service i could have asked for.
She is so friendly and very professional that it seems like i've known her for years.
Claudia you are amazing thank you for your outstanding customer service you provided to me.
I was very happy and couldn't ask for anything more.
Keep up the good work and hope to see you soon!
Claudia is the best!!
Don't open an account with this company.
You will regret it i promise.
On the last call, they disconnected my call after being on about 40 minutes with various customer service representatives.
My bank, capitalone, also verified that this was an electronic payment and not a check mailed.
This resulted in a late payment of 29.07 being assessed on my account in my march statement on 3/5.
I made calls in march and in april trying to get this resolved, but experienced horrendous customer service.
You can't reach anyone at their corporate offices as well and no reponse from customer service.
I am moving forward with a complaint with the bbb.
Atm is in a vary dangerous and sketchy area of the building.
Branch management is sub par at best.
Iv seen employees talking and playing around when there's work to be done.
Long lines and only 1 or 2 tellers working.
Branch needs new manager.
Worse chase i have been too.
I walked in to ask to put my wife on my account.
Was sitting in the waiting room and never was greeted.
He rolled his eyes and said someone will be with me.
When finally pushed by a possible boss a lady came and ask if i needed help.
Ill be taking my banking to a different location.
Teller was great and quick.
Set me up to talk to a banker.
Been waiting over 30min to talk to someone.
One thing they can improve on is hiring more bankers that handle different accounts.
They will take appointments first instead of walk-ins who wouldn't know to make one.
Tip: make an appointment for anything because you can still be late and they'll take you first.
Came in at 11:30 to put money in a new account and get a temp card.
During the time this older couple came in at 12pm with an appointment and guess what.
The reason for the 2 stars instead of 1 is that they actually were friendly enough to waive the $5
Can't seem to pay off my balance.
Hello, consumer being responsible.
They just want you to fuck up.
I am try to figure out away to reach the bbb about this company.
Do not get a credit card through them
I had this card for about two years, just paid it off.
Erica has provided me with information that has definitely been of help to me and my family.
Erik was awsome, very knowledgeable.
Definitely not customer friendly.
Asked for some water was given tap water in a glass.
Note: this is not a review of us bank in general.
Just this horrifying branch.
I can't believe you're even reading this.
Please don't consider going to this branch of us bank.
If you choose to go inside against my advice, well, god help you.
I haven't had as many bad experiences with just deposits.
Notice i didn't say, 'i've had no bad experiences while making deposits'.
Just fewer bad ones.
Sorry this is really long but i just can't leave any details out.
I already told you not to read it!
*sigh* where to begin?
Sean moved first so he set up the accounts in his name only at first.
They told him it was impossible to add me unless it was in person.
At this point we weren't married yet and this seemed to really confound the person who was 'helping us'.
She kept putting sean's last name in for me even though she was looking at my id!
Didn't have an oh driver's license yet which was also confusing, apparently.
I can't figure out why somebody with another state's id would be looking to open new bank accounts, either!
This person did not even know the proper way to maneuver a computer mouse.
It looked physically painful the way she was using it.
Throughout the whole ordeal, other employees were asking her if she needed help and she kept turning them down.
The funniest part was her name was eureka!
The irony still cracks me up!
It took over an hour to accomplish the task of adding me to the accounts.
Hmmm...that's funny cuz that's what we just did a couple weeks ago, right?
Turns out after all of that, she only added me to the savings account.
Right because if i were going to pick just one account to have, it would definitely be the savings.
So it took us another 45 minutes to have that fixed.
Also, after a month, i still hadn't received a check card.
This was getting a bit annoying and i just couldn't bring myself to go back into the branch.
I also wanted to bitch a little bit so i called customer service.
As it turns out, a check card was never requested for me!
Now, i will admit, i never specifically said, 'excuse me, eureka, i'd like to have a check card' but seriously?
Is there anyone in the year 2011 who doesn't want a check card except my mom?
I don't know anyone under 40 who doesn't have one.
Point is, i shouldn't have had to ask.
I of course remembered eureka but didn't know the last name.
Dug around in my purse until i found the card she had given me.
That's when i first noticed what the card said.....her title?......wait for it......branch manager!!!!!!
I almost spit out what i was drinking.
Once i went in there wanting to get into my safe-deposit box and they could not open the safe.
Yes you read that right.
They honestly could not do it.
I watched as two different people tried in vain to get the right key and couldn't do it.
I'm pretty sure that's illegal or something but honestly, i wasn't even surprised coming from this place.
Good thing i wasn't leaving the country the next day and needed my passport or something.
The staff is completely incompetent, rude, mean,  etc.
If i could give it a zero, i would.
Everyone is so fantastic here!!
They are eager to help and knowledgable with any question/situation our family has ever had.
Great customer service and perfect location for us.
Very dangerous to use atm at night!
It's located  on the back of the building with a brick wall  on your right, completely hiding from view.
This has to be the worst branch of wells fargo i have ever been to.
Every other branch i go to i have excellent service just avoid this one and you should be ok
This bank had been just okay.
The woman was in a word *rude*.
And am still waiting for a new card over a week later.
I will move all of my money at the earliest convenience.
Parama is the best kept secret in banking in toronto!!
It's a small, community based credit union, and of course you have a say in how it's run.
And also you get returned a share of the profits!
In 2013, they returned something like $250,000 to their members.
-free regular cheques -free pretty much everything else!
Potential barriers:   -both branches are in etobicoke along the bloor subway line.
I live in vancouver now, though, and that hasn't really stopped me from enjoying their services.
-you have to buy a $40 share to join.
But you would get the money back if you wanted to leave.
I recently switched from bank of america.
I didn't know banking could be this easy and no fees!
I dealt with rick guillette who is the nicest guy in the world.
He was very honest and informative.
He made me feel very comfortable and even showed me how make 2% on my checking account.
I also worked with cassie higgins who remembers my name every time i go in there.
The way you always imagined your bank should treat you.
Ahh, bmo makes my life so much easier.
The downtown location is conveniently located across from the train station (which will open again soon!)
And the tellers and service people are all incredibly nice.
Still, i've had nothing but good experiences with the central location.
I have had this credit car since 2012 i have had minimal issues with them.
It's a credit card that will help you rebuild credit so i expected high fees and such.
The mistake was easy to make their symbols are nearing copywrite infringement.
I gave them a o hell no!
Well checking my records the gentleman on three phone was right.
This was the one and only time i was late and it was an honest mistake.
I have spoken to their customer service, supervisors.
All of which is a terrible experience.
They lie to you, and are very scripted.
I have sent three dispute letters to them with a copy of my report and the dispute in question.
I have disputed this with all three credit  bureaus with no success on getting this removed.
I have had enough of this run around bs with this company.
It is hands now the worst experience i have had with any company.
I don't have any intentions on stopping my pursuit to clear this up.
By far the worst company ive ever encountered.
To fit all ill summarize.
Had to pay $1100 for a $650 loan that was a day and a half late.
Went to repo lot to get car a soon as soon as i paid it the next day.
Worst part was the repo co left a huge hole in my rear bumper.
My car had not a scratch on it when they took it.
Guy said contact maximum but he didnt think they did the damage.
Victoria doesnt no the law- and i the worst mgr ive ever seen.
They are thieves and should be put out of business.
Im not going to walk away from this one.
They are liable for the damage.
I never once raised my voice or was rude.
I asked simple valid questions - none of which she could answer which caused her to verbally attack me.
I dont just not recommend this company-  i warn everyone to stay far away from these people.
I also luckily have a friend who is a news caster on channel 3.
I have learned despite their insistence of their lack of liability - they are most definitely liable.
I just want whats right and fair.
These people are no different then the thieves that rob peoples homes.
There's not a business lower then this one.
They need to be put out of business!
I have been trying to get a balance letter via fax from supervisor ron for twenty minutes.
After a while he pretended he could not hear me over the landline connection.
There is no email contact information for this organization.
Completely disgusted with their customer service.
Go to capital one bank!!!
After i make this major purchase my husband nor i will no longer utilize their credit.
John worked hard to give us our refinance in a timely manner.
He went over all the options and rates we qualified for, and was definitely knowledgeable and well spoken.
The transaction went smoothly, and i would definitely recommend him to my friends and neighbors!
Ok; been busy for a week or so, but finally got around to trying to address my problem.
So i drive to the branch bank here and talk with one of those so-called personal bankers.
Now not to seem officious or something, but i am a platinum/preferred client.
So she goes to get the branch manager.
Now this gal is obviously more experienced and knowledgeable and i tell her my saga again.
She says that whomever gave me those stories were wrong.
There are no restrictions on trust accounts preventing me for transferring funds from or to those kinds of accounts.
So she shows me how to do it.
How the heck am i supposed to know that???
Dennae was absolutely amazing!
So polite, friendly, and courteous- i think she may be my favorite teller ever, at any bank!
My transaction was quick, efficient, and taken care of with a smile.
The bank/credit union was clean and there was no wait when i arrived.
If you ever have occasion to work with dennae, you are in for a treat!
I did speak to the director?
I think she was and we came to an agreement and things worked out better than i had hoped.
Thank you for that.
25 people on line and 2 tellers.
Need i say more?
I wish 0 stars was possible!
They keep trying to get customers to use automated banking.
Phasing out customer service in the form of tellers is working out great!
This bank is brutal.
Do not bank here.
Just had my line of credit interest rate jacked up for no apparent reason.
It is disgusting how these large banks can get away with crap like this during a recession.
They don't give a damn about their customers.
I've banked with chase for 12 years and worked for them for 4.
Literally have never had an issue until the one time i came in to this branch needing help.
Would never recommend this branch to my friends or family
She navigates deposits, it issues and anything else i've needed.
Fantastic job to this location and their staff.
I just started using pse for all my banking this past summer.
Supposed to not have to pay a fee if i select credit as payment method.
Thanks james for charging me a $395 cancellation!
My franchise has 510 stores and i will pass the word on.
My credit card agent called in personally to no avail.
This company is a money grab.
Josh is very kind and knowledgeable.
He goes above and beyond the call of duty to help you with anything you need.
I highly recommend him for any and all of your insurance needs.
This credit union charges a $25 account closing fee!
I have accounts with 3 other credit unions and 4 other banks; none of them charge an "account closing fee".
When i opened an account here, this fee didn't exist.
Well, i'll instead take this chance to warn my fellow yelpers of this strange fee.
And who knows what new strange fees they'll add in the future?
I would steer clear of this credit union!
I recently was in town and needed to withdraw some money from a joint account (i am not the primary).
So i stopped in.
I really didn't have a problem, but my only issue is that they didn't ask for my id.
I said who i was, she asked me how much i wanted to withdraw,  and provided me the cash.
But even those ask you for id.
And another thing...what the heck is up with the parking lot?
Ugh it's so small and tight.
Not really something they can fix because there's no room for expansion.
Honestly i've moved on from them.
Found another credit union that meets my needs.
Found exactly what we were looking for at a great price.
Customer service was also excellent.
Horrible customers service and harassing.
Called multiple times after i told them to stop.
They contract everything out to india
Our bumper is scratched from her front grill.
They even said she pulled over just because we pulled over..... ha!
If i didn't hit someone, i wouldn't pull over and for sure wouldn't give my information.
State farm just didn't want to cover the claim.
Your client obviously hit us.
She knew it, we knew it and state farm knew it, just refuses to do the right thing.
Do not get a credit one card.
This company is misleading.
The rewards are not great.
I avoid using this card at all costs.
There's a high annual fee.
Read the article linked below on nerdwallet about the card.
It summarizes exactly what's wrong with the whole company.
You basically had to keep saying customer service over and over hoping it would take you to the right place.
Leave this card and company alone.
I have had this card for over a year and it seems i get charges out of nowhere.
I have paid this card off in full when i used it .
I will be posting the entire conversation on my fb page in a few days.
I still have a few things to settle with them, but i have my cycle back.
If you do decide to do business with them get every single thing they say in writing no oral contracts.
They do not like for you to pay the loan off in the first 30 days.
I thought they were joking when they said that, and i never agreed to it.
Also be ware of paying on the principal or paying early.
Jenny whom is an employee would be the only person there that i would ever do business with again.
She seams to be honest and genuine.
This bank has a female manager with dark hair, who is a young girl on a powertrip.
I wouldnt reccomend anyone dealing with her unless you want the worst customer service and a power trip attitude.
She was not helpful to me at all and i will be switching banks because of her.
Go to any other branch forget this one.
Agent was extremely knowledgeable and helpful , helped me with all my insurance questions .
Would recommend this place great customer service !
I think their racist, paulina took my deposit with my wife's check that i've deposited twice before.
I've been waiting for an hour and no one can deposit this check into my account.
They finally agreed to to put it into my account if my wife is on my account.
We will be changing banks as soon as possible!
This credit card company is a scam.
They cater to those who are trying to rebuild credit and prey upon the very customers they profess to serve.
They charge exorbitant fees and the customer service is non-existent if you have any problems or issues to report.
I just tried to speak to a manager on a call to the this bank.
I highly recommend erik fieldman and his team.
I will definitely recommend erik and his team to my friends and family.
Absolutely like no other cu!!
She will definitely take care of all your needs!
(including any financing needs!)
I've been with them for years.
I am always very pleased!
I am a long time customer of silver state credit union 17 years.
I have been a wells fargo customer for years.
My experience with this branch was horrific.
A young teller asked what i would like i do through the drive through window.
I informed her i would like to make a deposit.
I sent my deposit through the carrier only to be left for 20 minutes with no communication.
This branch needs more communication and a higher level of professionalism.
Note: this review pertains to the facilities at the pines in urbana and the main bank on university ave.
I am astonished at all the negative reviews for busey bank.
All my banking is done there.
I have been steered right in all my business -- refinancing, ira, loans, whatever.
In the decades of business with busey, i have never been treated with anything but professionalism and courtesy.
Online banking intimidated me but busey's online banking has been easy to use.
I have been a client for over 15 years.
The wait in line is rediculous.
The atm eats checks, this bank has gone down hill
It left me with a bad experience and i will not be banking with them ever.
Good fast friendly service, nice employees
I switched to df from wells fargo after they pulled a shady switcheroo on my mortgage.
I have been very happy so far with desert financial!
Most recently, i had to cash in quite a few savings bonds.
My teller kali, was knowledgeable, patient, and funny too!
I totally get the hype of switching from a big bank to a credit union!
This is a bank, what could i write about it?
Actually some good things.
I frequently do my banking here.
It is near my home, work, and the businesses in pebble marketplace that i use.
The customer service here is fine.
Usually, there is an employee standing near the entrance that will ask me what i am here for.
Usually it is my typical banking and i progress to the cue leading to the tellers.
The line generally moves at a decent pace.
Recently, i was impressed with how katy handled my credit card problem.
Katy was personable and took the initiative to contact their credit card division right there.
And right in the bank that problem was taken care of.
And, customer service is another reason that i often bank here.
They are lazy, callous people who don't give a rat's patootie about your money.
I had a teller at the parma branch actually make disparaging remarks about where i live to my face!!
I then asked for a balance receipt that showed that amount, so figured there are atm problems.
So now i have to take time out of my day and go there and fight for my money.
It's always something with this place.
I am always having to fight for my money.
Sometimes they are closed for no reason and with no notice or not even a sign on the door.
I think the little rascals play bank showed more maturity than this place does.
If you like having control over your money, stay far far away from this place.
They will always find a way to screw you up.
I hate banks in general, but i hate pse even more.
I'm sure there are other, better credit unions.
Don't go to this branch!
The manager angie hates customer service and trains her employees to be as rude as possible.
They basically held my money hostage!
I will take this review down when desert schools gives me an apology.
If you are reading this then they care as little about their customers as angie does.
If i could give this hideous excuse for a credit union zero stars i would!
What a bunch of money grubbing scumbags, much worse than any bank i've ever dealt with.
I like this banking center!
When i do go inside there is usually enough staff on hand for little to no wait!
The staff is informative and always helpful!
You walk in and want to deposit money and walk out, easy right?
Came up here to set up a new account.
And was immediately greeted by carlos who helped me out and got me set up extremely quick.
Clean good coffee and friendly service i'll be back.
The whole thing took about a half hour
A great bank and home lender to work with.
My broker was dave barca.
We did an fha refinance and it was all done over the phone.
Dave was beyond knowledgeable and efficient in handling my loan.
Everything he said happened just the way he said it would.
So i am very pleased with him and his company.
So i highly recommend.
I closed my account with them since i am trying to pay off cards and not use them.
When i refused their offer to re-open my account they immediately stopped sending me monthly statements.
Impossible to talk to anyone on the phone.
I only use uw credit union for checking so i can't comment on their other services.
They cashed a savings bond for me that another credit union wouldn't.
The atmosphere is casual and everyone is super friendly.
If i've ever had a problem they were there to help me solve it immediately.
I have been a customer with one nevada for several years and i have had some good and bad experiences.
I have worked in customer service most of my life and a little kindness and understanding goes a long way!
Please continue to offer this level of service because it will keep customers banking with this bank.
I ended my day in the bank and was not looking forward to having to go, but rebecca changed that!!!
I look forward to her staying at this branch and am hoping that she does.
This is your average chase bank.
Hard to even give a single star-- horrible customer service by desk staffers.
Not sure why since they don't have many customers to begin with.
Ride sarcastic and inappropriate.
Never helpful either-- that would be work and they obviously like to avoid any effort.
Not only am i unhappy with chase as a whole but very disappointed with the branch.
Personal bankers are never available to assist and nor do they help make us feel as though we are important.
Until then, goodbye chase.
This was my first time in a wf in a very long time.
I brought my grandmother.
It was very nice to see someone greeting customers and directing them to the appropriate area.
My grandmother is handicapped and they got her seated at a window quickly where someone helped her quite quickly.
Thank you for taking care of the elderly the way my grandmother was cared for today.
Deposited my check and everything was fine and that the money was available right then and there.
Very frustrating and the manager was no help.
It was your guys mistake not mine.
The money still should be in my account because you didn't pay attention to the date.
We have been loyal customers of this bank for nearly 5 years .
They are a terrific group of people working closely together to ensure the customer has a great experience .
My husband shannon took out a title loan and didn't know the process.
Adrianna was awesome, she answered all his questions and made the process seamless.
They made 100 dollars available now but the rest will be aug 24.
I will be looking for a different credit card.
This will be my last month with this bank.
Helped us buy our first house and i got a free, logo stress ball!!!
Prolific recently threatened to sue me for defamation of character for my review.
Uh- oh, does this count as an 'experience" with the services of prolific?
They didnt' complain that i wasn't a customer they just remember the experience very differently.
I decided to clear up and clarify my review for the sake of all involved.
Their attorney took issue with the statement, "robbing you blind".
To clarify, i used the term figuratively.
To be clear, they weren't robbing me, that is criminal.
No, in my opinion, prolfic is just extremely inept in helping you with credit card processing.
Again, did they rob me blind, you could say that figuratively but certainly not literally.
Let me put this another way, prolific is not a criminal.
I hope that clears things up.
I'll give you that prolific.
As i re-read my review, i realized i left much of my business dealings with prolific out of my review.
Now, they have accused me of libelous behaviour and i don't want that so i'm going to tell you everything.
I didn't just sign up for credit card processing, they also offered payroll services.
And, my experience was less than stellar.
My opinion, no robbing happening here.
Prolific would fail to process payroll and what would that mean you ask?
Not once, but more than once.
Prolific didn't communicate how much payroll was or when funds should be transferred, it was a guessing game.
Ever want to work somewhere where you didn't get paid?
Guess who didn't like me...my employees.
Guess who i had to thank for that, prolific!!
Like dumpster fire, amazing.
You decide, everything in this review, is simply my opinion.
Thanks prolific for that life lesson, you are the best!
Very high rate and high fees even when paying on time.
Bad customer service too   they will keep you on hold for ever.
Their website does not even allow you to send them a secured message.
I've been a member since i was in high school.
I'm now 39 years old and utilized ds while serving 13 years in the military.
Recently, ds stopped participating in the shared bank network though.
I can no longer get assistance out of state.
I can only call or use the app.
I'm currently living in ca and found myself holding a large check with no means of depositing it.
The mobile bank app only allows deposits for about 2k.
An operator suggested that i sign and mail the check to the bank.
Obviously, probably wouldn't be the best idea.
Long/short of this, ds is very limited in their service now.
Think ahead before doing business with them.
It's obvious that they have moved to the big bank mentality, yet their rates and services don't compare.
I'd strongly suggest looking to another financial institution.
Other issues:    repeatedly requested to have a credit card closed, yet continually get a new card in the mail.
Online app doesn't work well.
Limited in state branches.
No out of state branches.
Their finical planners tend to push customers towards loaded funds which cost customers far more then they should.
I could go on, but i think you get the point.
Impossible website for making payments on line.
Not sure why i have this card???
It is as if they don't want your payment so they can charge you fees.
I ended up going to another location and getting much better service.
Competitive banking makes you a one star.
Analyze fees and get into the new bright friendly millinium.
And of course, there's the way cool orange colours with the white lion.
Yep, that's ing, the mostly online bank.
But that's the key phrase... mostly.
You see, they actually have some branches and atm machines.
But it really can't be called a branch in the traditional sense.
It's much more like a cafe, in form and function with plenty of open space.
In fact, they call themselves the orange cafe, and come complete with access to coffee (in neato orange coffee mugs).
Follow them at @orangeyyc for their regular social events and check out a bank branch that's not a bank branch.
#14 of yelp's 30-day review challenge
The worst bank experience.
Maybe i've been spoiled by previous relationships with credit unions, but this is the worst.
Let's start with the fact that they no longer offer free savings accounts.
Minimum available requires $500 and costs $5 a month.
Then, they charge for outside atms.
I called the bank just to make sure they were going to credit fees at the end of the month.
In addition, the staff at the branch closest to my office (altoona, pa) are barely pleasant and so very slow.
Ultimately, despite already ordering checks, i'm planning to close my two checking accounts and business account, and go elsewhere.
This place gets way too busy and is understaffed.
You can easily wait 30-60 minutes for the simplest of transactions.
Unfortunately, there aren't enough of them and the square footage of the pad is too small.
I've used chase, i've used wamu, i've used bofa.
They are all terrible.
I started using unison about 7 years ago for my business and never looked back.
Within a month of opening my account they'd greet me by name when i walk in.
Do they have a photo of me?
Now i have kids accounts and a loan through them.
Staff is very personable and friendly.
The new branch is amazing too.
What the actual f---!
I hate this bank!
It's friday folks... why are you never prepared??
I see three empty tellers and three working!
I don't bank here for this exact reason,  but my place of work does.
On most any random day this excessive line and lack of tellers is the situation!
Get your shit together boa!
God knows we need more decent  jobs in this country!
I've been a bank of america customer for greater than a decade.
The teller at this location today refused to allow me to deposit my money.
Who ever heard of such nonsense?
I'll go to an actual bank location.
I recently discovered that you can walk into a place called a bank and walk out with something called "cash".
This is a life changing event for me.
Fyi... boa hsa in chandler az treats their customers extremely poorly.
They refused to allow me access to my hsa account.
"shanetta", "shannon", and "kelly" were extremely unprofessional, disrespectful, and wholly unhelpful.
They refused to provide me with information on the corporate contact and executive in charge to complain.
They have access to my very personal and private information of which i do not trust them or @bankofamerica with.
If you want to feel vulnerable every time you swipe your card then by all means sign up with sscu.
None of the mentioned transactions were authorized.
My wife had never been to at least one of the merchants and hadn't been to the others in months.
So clearly her card was skimmed.
Google it if you don't know what that is.
--if you have lots of free time and like paperwork sigh up with sscu....
--if you like the run around then sign up with sscu....    we still have not received our $111 dollars back.
--if you want this kind of treatment by all means sign up with sscu.
--if you want to bear the burden of securing their system then by all means sign up with sscu.
This was the one where the transaction was denied.
I thought fraudulent transactions were supposed to be reversed immediately.
To date they have not reversed the charge.
We've been with them for 13 years.
--so if all of this sounds appealing then sign up with sscu.
Worst financial institution ever although it didn't start this way 13 years ago..
My experience s a teller experience.
This branch is located in the fry's grocery store.
It is a small branch that offers tellers and personal banking experience.
I was immediately greeted and serviced with a smile.
I was thanked for my business when i walked out the door.
This was my first checking account, i was 16 and just got my first job!
They were a great bank, always helpful and friendly.
But i definitely recommend them for opening up your first account.
I also didn't like that there were few and far between locations compared to larger banks.
Don't ever bank with these thieves!!!!
Can't process checks on the weekend, customer service number is no good!
They aren't willing to help with their own atm's screw up.
I stopped here to use their atm.
The wells fargo app showed me this was closest to where i was.
Being at night, i parked and went for the front door to use my card for entry.
This location doesn't have that feature nor is there an outdoor atm that faces the street.
Being cognizant of my surroundings, i got the cash i wanted and then left.
I have been a customer of the clark county credit union for nearly 13 years.
They have always been there when i needed a car loan, signature loan or if i just had questions.
I mostly use the tenaya branch and have dealt with christine tassone numerous times.
She is extremely professional and pleasant to work with.
Response time is extremely quick.
They even found a buyer for my husbands truck, when we wanted to sell it and not trade it in.
I came to the tangerine cafe to open a new bank account.
I work near so it was easy to drop by at lunch time.
There are employees to help you through it, but the sign up is mainly through an ipad.
It was quick and easy which is nice.
You can even scan your id on it too!
A tad hassly, but it's free.
...i've had a visa check card, and a visa credit card most of my adult life.
That's all i've ever had for the past 20 years.
They've gotten me to europe and mexico, they've rented cars for me, they even paid for male strippers.
No credit checks or fcuks are given and they give anybody and their mama a visa card.
That should've been my first sign.
Anywho, my card came in the mail, i ordered my purchases, and all went well.
Fast forward a month or so and now i'm ready to pay the balance off in full.
I never got the reset.
"huh" "i can't understand your english" bs.
The company seems totally shady as they can't even reset your password for you.
All i need is my password reset!!
Naw son, im good.
That's what i get for baking a penis shaped bachelorette party cake.
I visit this branch frequently and have always been treated with respect.
It is a busy branch but then all bank of america offices in the supermarkets are extremely busy!
I've noticed lately that service has improved and attribute it to great teamwork the team is now displaying.
Keep up the great work, your efforts are not going unnoticed!
We saved over two hundred a month and three months with no payment right before xmas.
She is sweet and was patient with all dumb questions i asked.
The branch itself is very polite.
A little slow, but ever-attentive when your turn is up.
It's the corporate office that ruins wells fargo with the endless fees.
They were, as mentioned, happy to help me move my account over to america first credit union.
I'll miss their every-ten-feet locations, but i like supporting my community.
Lots of tellers, short lines, and knowledgable staff.
This is a great main branch bank!
I almost pooped my pants this was such a good time.
Everything you could expect from a bank, nice people taking your money and holding onto it for you.
The atm is in a good location with a nice interface, drive thru people are nice.
This wells fargo is in a pretty convient location right off i-10.
Quick easy transactions, and if you go thru the drive thru with a kid they will give you a sucker.
Would be 5star if they just gave me free money.
One of the most friendly banks, staff rocks, debbie, dawn are great personnel unlikely other banks.
It should be illegal to conduct business is such an unprofessional and predatory manner.
Every negative review you are reading is 100% accurate and legitimate.
The customer service is worse than sprint.
There fee's are outrageous and illegal.
I can't wait till the owners have to lawyer up in court and answer questions.
I've been with nsb bank for over three decades.
No bounced checks or overdrafts, i'm considered a good customer.
I was trying to deposit an insurance payout (a death benefit) which means i'm dealing with some grief.
They couldn't blow me off quick enough.
Mind you this check isn't for a lot of money.
I use branches on all sides of town.
I called the lake mead branch instead of running over there.
I explained to her i have all the documents she mentioned.
She could/would not help so i asked to speak to the manager.
She should have said bring your documents and i'll gladly deal with our legal dept.
But she was less than enthusiastic.
After decades with them i'll be looking for another financial institution.
It's called customer service and it doesn't involve a team of lawyers.
I contacted the ins.
Company and told the ins.
What a pathetically paranoid unhelpful institution.
Dealing with checks is their business.
The 800 customer service rep. heidi was the most helpful.
My entire family has banked with them for decades but this was the last straw for me.
You'll also be charged a high monthly fee for not maintaining a fairly hefty balance in your checking account.
Nsb is a fossil from the dark ages.
Had a meeting with a loan and no show no call.
Manger wasn't helpful either.
Actually could careless with us doing business with them for personal and business.
Worst customer service i have ever received.
The worst credit card i've ever had!!!
Be careful with any fraudulent charges.
This card did not remove the charges and did not stand by us!!!
We had to pay almost 500 dollars to a con!
Customer service here is absolutely terrible.
If i could give zero starts and still make a post i would.
My suggestion is to find a credit union and bank there.
These people treat their customers like crap plain and simple.
This agent has been fantastic from day one.
Very professional and the staffing team is phenomenal.
I'm thankful for everything you've done chuck.
Not helpful or friendly.
My mom & i have been banking with cccu for years and we do not have any complaints.
We especially love the bank teller at the tenaya branch named jodie.
Keep up the good work  jodie!
The continuing saga of this terrible credit card company.
Don't let the slick app and glossy web site fool you.
After all this time my line is now up to a whopping $900.
Yes, they still charge you to raise your credit limit.
Raising your credit limit by $250 at a time is just a way to squeeze more money out of you.
Recently my card expired.
They never sent me a new card.
I never use this card now, so i never noticed until 6 months later.
I called to get a new card, because they should have sent me one dangit.
Anyway, was told 7-10 business days...all that crap.
The time passed and no card arrived.
However, i received a pin in the mail for the card.
Well, this is confusing.
I would be surprised if i didn't already know this company sucks.
Why would i ask for pin if i didn't even have a good card?
Currently waiting on this new card.
Finally, i've been using the app and website to pay the bullcrap annual monthly fee for the last 2 years.
I went to pay and mysteriously my bank account information is missing across all platforms.
Why did that happen?
Worst customer service ever!!
Every time i call customer service i get sent to voicemail, not once has anyone ever returned my call.
And when you go into the branch they are just rude and of no help.
I try to call customer server nothing but voicemail left message no call back.
Go to the local branch sorry we can't help with your mortgage you have to go to another branch.
But i will never go through them for anything in the future.
For as much as i am paying the least they could do is return my phone call.
Haley cops attitude and tells me she already told me there would be a fee i said no!
You said there could be a fee... big difference!!
You need to confirm with me that the fee will actually be assessed before cashing.
If i can give them negative stars i would.
This bank is a true definition of horrible institution.
I called the card company due to multiple fraud charges on my account and everything was handled promptly.
I was sent a new card in time for my child's team trip and it's been going great.
I received a text that my card balance is -$293.00.
So i look at the transactions and all of the charges i disputed were placed back on my card.
I called and spoke with a customer service agent, making it was the most painful 25 minutes of my life.
And because it must be mine then all the charges are mine as well.
Back up, let's revisit this subject.
I called with fraud on my card.
The charged were credited back to my account.
I need to cancel my subscription to american airlines.
Per customer service, american airlines is a subscription.
And the fraud charges belong to me now bc it's a subscription.
In short: i'll be filing with my state ag and federal agencies for the business practices of this company.
I've banked here for a long time and am not changing.
The drive-thru clerks here are awesome!
They're fast, courtesy, and pleasant to do business with.
They engage right off the bat.
Most lanes (3 including 1 atm lane) are open.
It takes me no more than 5min to drive through and make a brisk deposit.
A few min more if no lanes are open.
They have a pen inside the capsule thing for you if you need it.
I do not want to wait to be greeted by those lovely tellers!!
I want those clerks to make my day right away, and not idling behind you.
So, please, get your life together and come correct.
Then take your receipt, lollipop, and reminiscence how pleasant that event was.
*tip*  ask for a stack of deposit slip and place them in an envelope inside your car.
That way the world (me) doesn't have to wait.
*side note*  don't worry if you have doctor's handwriting or sketch in klingon.
They'll decode that sh*t and make sure your money goes into the right account.
Just make sure you use my account number xxxxxxx1234 -;d
The staff here are very friendly and helpful, and always do their best within the rules of us bank.
There are onerous kyc rules these days which are very irritating.
They should allow counter staff to process sending wires to streamline processes.
All around scumbag company.
They throw employees under the bus, offering severance and never paying it out to laid off employees.
Hr hangs up on employees when they don't want to deal with issues.
Don't work here, don't bank with them, stay away from this shady company.
We currently have a business account with bank of america.
Six months ago, i would have given this location a 5 star review despite my not-so-fondness toward bofa in general.
The employees here were stellar and went above and beyond to make their customers feel welcomed and satisfied.
It is now busy and bank like.
There are twice as many people and half the help.
Additionally,  i was recently charged fees that are not associated with my type of account.
Needless to say, i am shopping for a new bank for merchant services.
Desert financial is simply put a bad bank.
My personal experience, i put money in from another bank to cover my money coming out.
They never processed the payment to them and they charged me a series of $35 fees for their error.
Even if you request it they will not send you advisory if your account runs low.
All told i lost $200.
Banks make big money from fees.
My only real issue with this bank is that my account keeps getting hacked.
They've had to change out my card several times now.
Really helpful when i was a first-time insurance buyer after graduating college.
Answered all my questions-would definitely recommend to a friend!
I went to bank of america to make a deposit for a friend .
I will never go to this location ever again, even though it's close and convenient to my house.
I'm only giving it one star because i have to, because this place doesn't deserve any.
I opened an account at this credit union.
It cost me $90 to give them my money.
$50 of it was a teller fee.
I'm totally satisfied with the bank but sure had a few problems but always got them worked out.
This bank has help my credit to go to 750 score.
Had them over 8 years after a bankruptcy and lost my house..
It's nice because you can see your credit score every month!
Mh neighbor referred me to unison bank for my fha streamline.
David and his team did a wonderful job finding the most inexpensive financing possible and providing great customer service.
David was available anytime i had questions, and there were times i contacted called after hours and weekends.
He responded with answers and information needed, it was great!
3 in the afternoon and i left this bank very dissatisfied.
Only one person at the teller counter and one person at the counter upon entrance.
The manager should have not taken so long to "log off" the other pc to help with customers.
Started banking at washington mural back in the day.
Eventually they switched over to chase when they were bought out.
Been with them since.
This location is clean and friendly.
The drive thru services are nice and don't take long.
Been coming here for years.
Conveniently located by harkins and walmart.
I had their card for over three years and every interaction i had with them was painful.
I had two accounts listed on my online account to make payments from; one i rarely used.
Well, one day i had to use it.
Huh, strange, it's been a week and that money hasn't been taken from my account yet, so i try again.
And if i tried to use it again they'd suspend my account.
But, it's an online bank, so they don't have a branch i can visit!
Two weeks later, my account is still showing suspended so i call again.
This time the lady tells me that my account was closed and nope, sorry, can't do anything about it.
If they're going to treat me like garbage, they're not getting another dime out of me.
The line is always so ridiculously long..the longest line i've seen at a bank, ever.
I would give this company no stars if i could.
My husband has an account with this company.
We've been trying to close it however they haven't posted our payment which was sent over a month ago.
We have confirmation from our bank that it was done however capital one claims it takes a month to post.
Funny how all my other payments took mere days.
Last year we paid off the balance however the account was frozen.
Apparently there was interest of 17 cents between the time we paid and the time they posted the payment.
Most recently we called to speak to customer care about the payment of $2500 that was made a month ago.
What a waste of time.
The rep was either chewing gum or eating.
My husband had to listen to her chomp in his ear the entire conversation.
This company's service is subpar.
Never in my life have i dealt with a company like this.
No capital one isn't in my wallet.
It has been shredded.
Bank of the worse.
By far thee worst bank i've ever had an account with.
The employees are incompetent and slow.
I was waiting for my checks in the mail and had to pay my sons daycare.
I was like what??
So i called the bank, they also charged me a check bounce fee.
Come to find out the teller printed me counter checks from my savings, not my checking.
Why would you do that?!
They were constantly putting my pay roll checks on a 7 day hold because the amounts were "questionably large".
It's a damn pay roll check, sorry i make more than you think i should?
Every branch keeps closing so the nearest one to me now is 30 min away.
I can see why they are closing, no one trust them with their money.
Currently looking for a new bank!!
I came in today to close an account.
Even though today was my last day as their customer, the staff was very kind and accommodating with me.
They still treated me as a valued customer and treated me with respect and care.
I appreciate that they still tried to go out of their way to make me feel like they cared.
I believe the main lady that assisted me was the branch manager and one of the tellers.
Thank you for your excellent customer service today!
I wish i could give negative stars.
I've been with this bank for 20 years, and this means nothing to them.
Apparently i am not.
This is what they continue to do to me after being with them for 20 years.
I can't take it anymore.
This chase is awesome!
It's in boca park and it's usually pretty empty and the staff are super attentive and helpful.
Def check it out if you're in a rush and you want to get in and out!
One year ago i refinanced my two-story home with oncu.
The experience with loan officer anthony tuason was amazing.
Now that is awesome service!
Recently i grew tired of a larger home and decided to rent it and down-size to something smaller.
I contacted oncu and on january 9th, 2018.
I was directed to speak to senior real estate loan officer jeff rosenblatt regarding financing a new home loan.
I had a verbal conversation with jeff and he wasn't very encouraging about me purchasing a new home.
Instead of being encouraged, he gave me more reasons why it would be nearly impossible.
I had never purchased a resale and didn't know the first step on what to do.
What i find most disturbing is through this process, jeff never reached out to me.
I sent him my documents feb. 12th, 2018, and he completely ignored me.
His answer was that i didn't provide him with lease agreement information!
That was a lie and even if that were true what prevented him from contacting me all that time?
I'm not a heartless person, and we all get busy and had jeff said, "i apologize so much.
I dropped the ball.
I got completely overwhelmed and side tracked."
I would have said, "i totally understand."
He replied with an estimated typed figure instead of a pre-approval!
I couldn't believe this!
It's march and had i waited for just his approval only i'd never purchase a home!
No thank you, no apology.
Just here you go.
His reply had a tone of "here, are you satisfied now?"
I very rarely complain about people personally unless i'm truly appalled by their actions.
Overall i find jeff's behavior very disgusting as a senior real estate loan officer.
I shudder to think how many people he has treated this way.
It troubles me to think they've just dismissed his approach as just being an "a$$%@!
*" instead of expressing to corporate that it's not tolerated.
I'm also annoyed at the commercial jingle i hear on the tv now.
I feel like "our one focus is you."
Is a lie and it's true that one apple can spoil the bunch.
It is not my intention to get anyone fired, but to utilize what yelp is truly for.
I am looking  right now to find another home for my money.
If you haven't joined, don't.
I feel sorry for the employees who are being forced to use this system.
Okay so i cancelled this pathetic company april 21, 2017, paid the $395.
Cancellation fee and i am still being sent statements with charges for fees & been put into collections!!
How is this company still in business???
I am sure glad i read these reviews.
I will not be going to capital one for my car loan.
As other reviewers have indicated, they never have more than two tellers o
We finally have atm's that post cash immediately!
Bravo for moving up to current technology!
Huge fees to open, annual fees, monthly fees, credit line increase fees.
Years as a customer with not one late payment, not one returned payment, and not a single contested charge.
When i paid my card off on their web site, they put a hold on my account.
They said fax it...but who has an antiquated fax machine.
So then they said wait for a mailed letter and respond.
I'm sure this would look bad on my credit, so i sent the proof in the mail with tracking.
Although they recieved the mail, their phone customer service says it is not noted on my credit card account.
It was like pulling teeth to get them to tell me if there was a remaining balance owed.
Horrible service, huge fees, and unreliable if you depend on the card to work when you need it.
Now i feel you are harassing me , and am going to report you to yelp .
Your company did everything i said , i have email proof of everything.
My contract ended in february ,and their is nothing for you to contact me about.
For loans ssscu is a very good bank.
Gave us a great interest rate on a home loan!!
Always a  pleasure banking here.
Even if i have to wait a few minutes the staff is always very helpful.
I've been a member since 17 and i am very pleased.
Top notch customer service.
I was in last week an opened a new account.
The representative that assisted shea was knowledgeable and made the account opening process smooth and quick.
The branch is conveniently located and beautifully designed.
From the moment i walked in, i was greeted warmly.
I feel very secure in knowing my money will be handled correctly.
She said to call back if there was any problems.
I wasn't able to do it in the app so i called back.
Another lady answered and i believe her name was nancy.
I answered everything correctly.
She then said she needs to verify my drivers license number.
I was crying and upset.
She then asks me to verify the date i opened my account with one nevada.
I have had my account for years!!
I can't recall an exact date.
And that's what i explained to her.
She tells me that i have to verify one or the other.
I'm not calling to ask for money or personal information, i'm trying to prevent someone from using my card fraudulently.
I was already frustrated over my wallet missing, but this just made it worse.
There needs to be a better way to handle this type of situation.
Bank of america is horrible, get another bank.
The female manager their trash talks wells fargo.
Open your eyes bank of america, you are under staffed at most of your locations.
Your customer service sucks.
And managers shouldn't be trash talking other banks.
Not really logical charging you your money to keep your money there.
Update from a year ago...i posted 5 stars.
A year later, still 5 stars.
Again, stop blaming others...you are to blame.
You, you, only you.
That means you are living above your means, or limit, and should not have any cards at all.
That's what got you to a high risk card to begin with.
I make 1-3 purchases on this card every month, and pay it in full.
Credit one reports faithfully to the credit bureaus, and your score will go up.
Just be...oh...responsible...and you will be fine.
So i called to check.
I have been with b of a for roughly 15 years!
I have a credit card with them a savings and checking account.
I love being able to quickly & easily pay all my bills online.
I set them up and never have to worry about it again.
Their customer service it not that great!
It's very hard to talk to a real person.
Some area's the customer service is good (in house) but some area's of town, it's shotty...
This is an easy bank which is what i like the most about them.
Credit one bank uses an overseas customer service phone room.
They have no us based customer service.
For that reason you should not use credit one bank for anything.
Anyways, on with the review already...i love desert schools.
I don't see myself ever switching to another bank for any purpose.
I have been banking with them for 4 years and have never had even one issue.
In fact, they often resolve issues for me, such as removing those nasty little nsf fees.
I also never have to wait in much of a line.
I also feel as if they don't pressure you to open other services.
If anyone talks about bank issues, i always find myself raving about my wonderful banking experiences!!!
Thank you desert schools for being awesome!
Anyone is nice when they are obtaining your business.
But, when you need a little consideration with an issue, this is where ffl should be ashamed of themselves.
My daughter is in her graduate program in ny.
I used put money in her account in undergrad, but not anymore.
She is a hard-working student that now suppliments herself.
Needsless to say her ffl account had no balance for a while.
Her statements can home, but i did not open her mail.
She also had an old e-mail account with ffl that she no longer used.
She came home in june and opened some of the statements only to find out they were charging her $5/day!!!!
Her balance is now at $251.52!!!
I had to scramble to come up with the money.
I am a single mom on a tight budget.
They say they are a community bank.
A community bank should do a better job supporting our students and showing some compassion.
From the employees, to the service and fraud department, they've always been top notch.
Superb people and service!
Worst bank u.s bank is ridiculous!!
If i could give this place 0 stars i would.
I have 5 bank accounts with bank of america and have been with the bank over 25 years.
My "home branch" is on carefree hwy where i get fantastic customer service.
I just called b of a and got the fee waived by customer service (in 20 seconds).
Don't go here if you want service.
They have anthem cornered because they are the only branch up here...
But take your business to the carefree hwy branch - amazing service for over 8 years.
I'll never go in this branch again.
The drive through is usually fast but the employees came sometimes take too much time for one little thing.
It's somewhat easy to find though if you've never been here before.
Jonathan chao will work hard to earn your business and take care of you.
He will find a solution to fit your needs, whether high volume or low.
If you are shopping for a merchant processor, he is at the very least worth a call.
There i met pat johnson.
I have never had a home loan go so smoothly and quickly.
The one bump we had pat was on it.
Being more than satisfied with how my home loan went i tried a car loan.
To know surprise it went smoothly and quickly, 30 minutes tops.
To matt (car broker) and jennifer "the new yorker"(car loan rep)thank you for an excellent and painless experience.
First they accidentally canceled my reservation, but i was able to take a lesson with joseph,he's great, really helpful
Customer service is pretty good.
It's like a checkout line that has no "express - fewer than 10 items" option.
It's a serious flaw if you're making deposits most days.
My husband went in to notarize some documents and was directed to 'steve'.
Once he looked at his veterans id he asked 'so you're not here for an account with us?'.
He ended it with 'i'm not notarizing anything for you.'
He was rude, demeaning, disrespectful, and not only will we never be back, but we are contacting corporate as well.
Worst credit union ever no customer service, bank hours suck, fees are higher than a lot of banks .
Came in to the branch today to inquire about setting up an account and applying for an auto loan.
Alex s set up my account and answered all of my questions.
Alex even took the time to explain some credit building options.
This is a great branch and i will definitely recommend my friends and family here!
Recently opened an account with az fed cu after banking with comerica bank for years.
Decided that feeding the "banksters" on wall street with my cash was no longer a good idea.
I can highly recommend as everything has gone smoothly with the transition from "banksters" to local credit union.
I was shopping for auto loans and wanted a specific rate.
My own chase bank couldn't even get close with a pretty good credit score and income.
Checked several other banks and credit unions before making it to cccu.
I was put in touch with ky adeseye from the n tenaya/smoke ranch location, and he made it happen.
Ky was on it from the jump.
Approved with the best percentage rate i'd seen yet.
That was so important on a model that moves so quickly when they hit the market.
Very thankful for his help and everyone else involved.
I felt like the time was wasted.
Erik and his team made the mortgage process understandable and efficient.
Rates were super competitive as well.
I highly recommend and will use in future.
I am so done with this credit card company.
In february there was $680 worth of fraud on my account.
I called credit one and they said we will send you an affidavit and new cards.
Send back the affidavit and we will review your fraud.
A month went by and i had not received my new cards or affidavit.
I called again the girl on the phone said don't worry.
We will send you new cards and we can go over the charges on the phone and remove them.
My fianc and i went on vacation and used this card.
We maxed it to 1250 which is my limit.
I go to pay the cards and there is a balance of $1930 i freak!
After another two weeks of fighting them they finally sent me another affidavit.
I filled this out and two weeks later received a letter stating they were removing the fraud.
Two weeks later i see they have still not removed the charges.
I call, i get hung up on several times, i wait on hold for 45 minutes at a time.
Sorry we will fix that.
It will take a week.
I call back a week later, still not fixed.
This person says oh no your affidavit was never sent in.
I tell them to read all of the notes.
They say oh you had two.
Okay well we refunded the wrong card again.
I am seriously agitated.
I verify my current card number with them.
A month later after many calls, and much screaming they finally remove the charges.
My minimum is off the $1250 not the $1930.
This still has not been resolved.
Now every time i call they transfer me 4 times and hang up on me.
I am so frustrated i feel like letting the card go to collections.
I have plenty of good credit elsewhere to accommodate for this crap card, crap company and crooks!
Yes, credit one bank card is useful if you want to rebuild your credit.
However, if you can avoid calling customer service for any reason, please do.
It will save you countless headaches in the future.
I called customer service (this time) to ask for the status of my new card because my last name changed.
He proceeds to tell me all of the paperwork i needed to send in to change my name.
I told him it was already done and my new name was on the account.
I was just calling to find out the status of card.
I understand charging me because i lost it, but to charge me because of a name change is ridiculous!
Capital one credit card didn't charge me because i changed my name!
Steer clear away from credit one bank if you can help it.
This is perhaps the most amateur operation you will ever come across.
I try to avoid ever entering the facility as the lines are often long and they are seldom fully staffed.
After today's outage i have already wasted 28 minutes on the phone prior to hanging up.
Stop with all the constant contests and promotions and invest some cash in a system that is reliable and operable.
I would have given this a zero but yelp won't allow a post.
I explained over and over and they requested a letter from my bank!
I refused, i had never been late once.
Fine, this is a chance for me to pay it off.
I noticed my balance got higher not using the card!
I can not get anyone on the phone in the states--out  sourcing makes it difficult to resolve issues.
So frustrated that i want to get a lawyer to mediate but that would cost more than the balance.
This is a fee based card that makes no sense!!!
They charged me 29.00 to get an increase on a card that i cannot charge on!!!
They charged me 29.00 for being late on my payment when i called and made the payment.
They read their own notes which stated that i called on my payment due date to check on my status.
I called to make my payment!!!
They updated my card but never charged it..so i'm at fault because i didn't get a confirmation number.
I want these people outta my life!!!
It's a scam   i still don't know how my card is being charged when it is off.
They make it hard to be compassionate and tolerant when they offer none back...
They are based in nevada and georgia, why can't i get someone in the states!!!
Do not get this card!!
If i could rate this location a zero i would.
This is a bank where customer service should be their number one priority in attaining their customers.
I am a college student working hard to make sure the voice of minorities gets heard.
The way my parents have been treated by dana is uncalled for and disrespectful.
Our family has been with chuck kelly's state farm for 17 years when he first took over the business.
We quickly learned how customer service is an important factor in the way he runs this business.
We have also referred a few friends to chuck's office and they could not be more happy with his service.
In general we have been very happy with the service of state farm in general.
I would highly recommend state farm for your insurance needs.
I saw a video on youtube that its better to bank at regional/local banks.
So i went today and asked to speak to a banker.
I spoke to desiree d. and she immediately helped me.
This bank is slow paced and works in slow motion.
I will advise you all to stay away from this bank.
I checked the reviews and basically all the negative reviews prove to be true.
What a waste of time.
Always great customer service.
My husband and i share an account and the wonderful tellers always know who we are.
Even at busy times they are very friendly and efficient.
This is a great local credit union.
I am a new customer at cccu lv and i go to the tenaya branch because sharwani is there.
She has been tremendous in helping me get my business account started.
Working with a smaller bank, you feel like you know everyone.
It has been a great experience for me and i thank sharwani for her constant help in getting me going.
I recommend this bank to anyone in las vegas and extremely recommend doing your business at the tenaya branch.
Just ask for sharwani and she will take care of you.
This branch has no customer service!
Always a line of customers and one or two tellers and no one cares that the customers wait 30 minutes!
No drive thru window.
16 years ive been with azfcu.
A few overdrafts throughout that time.
I currently have an immense amount of medical bills due to treatment for cancer.
I struggle to get to work to pay off my bills and have a roof over my head.
My car broke down and needed immediate repairs.
Its declined and now im homeless, as a chemo therapy patient.
After she explained she was trying to help me ?
Really by telling my i'm a slander wow.
What a great customer service this company has not.
They can not get my address correct , after 2 years.
I explained i want paper statements and they still can't send one.
I have spent so much time dealing with this .
I wouldn't recommend this company if they were the only credit card processors left on the planet
Big line, not enough tellers, not personable.
Those of us that are businesses this is horrible.
I have decided to switch all of my 6 accounts from chase to a more personable local bank.
Done with this chaos.
The branch has wonderful employees who are always nice, helpful and seem honestly caring about your bank needs.
Sometimes there are many more peoples then staff to assist them.
The only reason this was not a 5 star rating is because the parking lot is a safety hazard.
If it's not pot holes it's a crack that has caused the asphalt to rise.
The atm's need to be updated also but that is just an aside not a major problem.
If i could i give negative stars this bank would recieve 100 negative stars.
The customer service at this location is beyond terrible.
Every customer should be a priority.
If they would've been honest and told me that, i would've been okay.
-100 capital one has a written contract with me including remedy for a small balance i owe.
Law firm states not received full disclosure from their client capital one.
Have seen falsified service affadavits from express process services of saskatoon, sk.for a court date unbeknoswt to me.
The mlt aitken law firm received a provincial judgement - registered a lien on my property, all without my knowledge.
Watch out fraudulent activity.
Go see lan the manager!
Great location and customer service    chase has a lot of technologically advanced options for its customers.
Well worth the move, especially if your coming from wells fargo haha
I recently added my daughter to my insurance to help her out.
Nery was phenomenal in assisting me.
I used to only deal with olga and since her retirement, i didn't feel very confident with anyone else.
When i connected with nery, i was very happy with her attention to my needs and wanting to help.
I felt i was a valued customer with her.
I was with prolific for over 10 years.
When i decided to retire and cancel their service -  they charged me a $395 cancellation fee.
Be very cautious when dealing with this company!
These people are very kind.
I was struggling this month and they went above and beyond to help me.
They are family owned and really try to work with you ...
In 18 years of my credit history, i've never dealt w/ such a horrible credit card company.
They never apologized, or even offer to keep my business.
I've never had such a bad experience.
The staff here are very nice and helpful!
It's never that busy or crowded when i go and it's in a great location!
Chase bank doesn't accept cash!
My son banks at chase.
I suggest none of you reading this should either.
I went to put some cash into his checking account and they would not accept the cash!!
They said because of fraudulent money.
A check they could deposit.
Now that's a joke!!!
I am old school and finally i have learned how to us the internet for everything including banking.
Who has checks anymore???
So.... they teach an old dog new tricks and now they want me to go back to checks!!!
Why did they go through all the trouble to take me right back to old style checks.
But, hark...... now money is obsolete too.
I guess bitcoin has taken over!
I say wells fargo is alright by me.
They accept cash and $350.00 worth of wrapped coins.
I started banking here when i was 16 years old.
My stepfather owned his own business and did most of his banking through midfirst.
As soon as he closed his account, my personal experience with midfirst took a turn for the worst.
In addition, the overdraft fees are astounding.
Another point to bring up is infrastructure (ease of use with mobile app, technology implemented to make banking more convenient).
In my recent experience, it's the worst of both worlds.
I paid off my balance and closed my account a couple of months ago.
Today, i received a bill demanding payment of $24.91 for service fees and late fees!!!
Wtf is that about?
I called, i guess they're closed on the weekend (?)
How can this be legal?
One way or another, i'm going to get this resolved...but in the meantime,  run from these crooks!!
If i could leave less i would!
I am so pissed and this is a long story!
Going back to october 2017 is when i first became their customer.
I was making my payments on time and i only had a limit of $400.
I never stopped a payment and my b alance was almost paid off.
Funny how they understood all the four letter words i was using!
The supervisor tols me that my bank stopped the payment.
I screamed  'why did you all let this go on for so long!?
Who the fuck does that!"
I am telling everyone i know not to be their customer!
Also, stop sending our jobs overseas to people that can't understand or speak english!
What the hell is wrong with you?
All these jobless people willing to work hard like i do and you send opportunity to another country?
Hell will freeze over before i am ever a customer with you ever again!
I never share reviews but this branch has serious issues and needs new management.
You will be glad you did.
I am new to one nevada so i didn't know what to expect.
But i was contacted the next day and everything was made right!
I will update my rating later after i have built a relationship with them.
Thanks again for fixing the problem promptly!
I have been a long time customer of wells fargo and and thinking about switching.
I have had then mess up in numerous personal deposits and one very large business deposit that i did.
They insisted it wasn't their fault, guess what?
We had proof it was.
I think i'm ready to move on to a new bank.
Setting the pin on my new debit card?
A breeze on a saturday!
My negative comments pertain to the corporate customer assistance folks.
I deposited via a dsfcu atm, got a receipt with the check image, and thought all was well.
No reply and no phone call.
Having read the rules, i pointed out that it says "2nd business day" for my category of deposit- not 10.
Great- yet another entity that knows my business and can f*ck up my finances!
I called back an hour later, and spoke to yet another specialist, explained my problem, and got the same no.
I asked again to speak to a supervisor.
This one actually knew the rules, and removed the hold.
Otherwise, i'd be closing my accounts today.
Interesting that i don't see any posts from dsfcu defending themselves.
Guess it's hard to defend not knowing your own rules!
So, i've lived in tempe all my life, needless to say, tscu has been there for the majority of it.
They have only gotten better since my first savings account started there, back when i was a wee lad.
They were super helpful and laid everything out for me in easy terms.
Now i'm happy owner of a nice little condo.
This bank is super awesome, they've always been friendly every time i've been in there.
They have 3 drive-thru tellers, so you won't waste any gas sitting and waiting to get helped.
I only use my account for paying bills and occasionally i space one and forget to put the money in.
Nope, 6 months later i have it happen again.
Seriously, i'm so over this.
Apparently they're just as greedy & shady as big banks, so what's the point of using this credit union?
I love chase bank, why?
Because of multiple banks for easy access and fast atm speed.
So happy to be finally closing my account here!
The female banker here with the last name davis is very rude.
I been trying to raise my spending limit on my debit card since 2012!!
The banker recommended me opening a credit card for a higher limit... um no!!
I just want to spend my hard earned money on my debit card!
I can't pay my rent, car note, or anything over $500!
Most horrible customer service ever !!!
All the tellers were online shopping & just talking about ordering from macy's.
I wish i could post videos on here.
But me as a manager this is the most horrible customer service ever !!!!
Pls be sure to watch the video !
I caught it during mid convo because i didn't think of yelping this & taking it to corporate until now.
I hit print a couple more times as they were talking to get their attention .. & still nothing !
Yesterday i can by here after 4pm and they were a bit busy.
(sigh) so i left.
Came back today at 11:10 and there was hardly a line.
Thy offers me a bottle of water and my son found a coloring table.
Top it off with free money orders and now, they get a 5-star review!
I was staying at the hilton next door and got access to the ymca.
One of the days, i woke up with a sore throat.
Headed to the gym anyways, but started coughing horribly just as i checked in.
Had to walk out to clear my throat then went back in and hopped on an elliptical machine.
The lady at the front desk was so nice!
She brought me a cup of water because she noticed that i was coughing so much earlier.
Now i wish i belonged to a ymca back home.
Going to have to look into it for sure.
This is not the bank for you, if you travel to the states!
Our debt cards don't work anywhere!
I should have known better and brought cash.
Yes, there are no fees.
So maybe fees would be worth it!
Time to change banks!
The bank closes at 6:00pm!
However, the doors were already locked at 5:50 - 5:55 pm.
If i could leave zero stars i would.
This branch constantly changes entire staff leaving untrained tellers and managers.
Us bank will not return my call either.
Chase is better anyway....
It seems as though the long line at b of a is a company standard.
Can't wait to take my banking elsewhere.
But, as usual, i am disappointed and forfeit my lunch for a nice 30mins standing in line.
God bless you b of a for keeping me on my diet.
Gotta love the false hope of seeing 5 teller stations but alas, only 2 tellers working.
Tick tock go the minutes...
This is a terrific atm because it's outside and there's lots of space around it.
You can bank without getting off your bike!
Get it together, scotia!
Steve and his team have been my "go-to" insurance people since i relocated to arizona 20 years ago.
I brought probably 3+ boyfriends to his agency who still all hold insurance through him.
My sister and her entire family, and now my husband...
Thanks for all the great years!
I've been doing business with cccu for years, service is great!
The asian lady who helped me at this branch was so kind and helpful.
This great experience saved me as a chase customer.
This is the slowest bank i've ever been to.
There is no regard to timelines whatsoever.
I cringe at the thought of coming to this branch.
Either they are short staffed or not concerned about being convenient.
I don't really enjoy going to the bank but i've had to do it a lot recently for work.
Unfortunately,  while i was out of town there were a few banking issues that i noticed when i returned.
I went to this branch and tatiana went above and beyond to help me resolve these issues.
Tatiana called me back a few hours later with all the answers!
She was able to resolve these issues the same day and help me to get everything situated quickly and easily.
I highly recommend this branch!
It was an emergency , and the bank couldn't  answer the phone.
On hold half an hour, then  transferred to a common line.
Wtf, they expect me to wait for them my whole lunch hour?
Or take the day off work to travel there in person???
Very understaffed  ...  =  "screw you customer"
You thought i let the people who are in charge know.
This is the slowest bank of america around.
It is insane how slow the tellers are.
It is aggravating that they are short staffed all the time.
So we had to come in to reorder checks.
But on the reorder this time around the bank had an issue for no reason and locked the account.
We had to come in.
25 minutes later they figured that we need to bring in the death certificate to confirm his passing.
Remind you she has already been issued checks in her name only once before.
I ran home and came back with the death certificate and now wells fargo needs the will abd trust.
It's going to take 2 weeks to receive the checks.
Best part i'm going to start using billpay.
I'm out this bank.
Again all this time was just to reorder checks.
This branch provides excellent service in a friendly, relaxed atmosphere.
Quite a different banking experience than the impersonal mega-banks where employees change and managers get relocated frequently.
Chad bernal was phenominal in helping me set up a new account today.
The whole staff has a good vibe.
I recommend this branch and chads services to anyone looking for a quality hometown feeling.
Please hire someone older than me to lecture me not some jr. who just graduated college.
If you are looking for a decent suit at a fair price then jab in scottsdale is an option.
If you are looking for a suit that needs tailoring, however, you may want to go elsewhere.
The other employees in the store were not at all interested in helping me.
A salesperson just retrieved my suits with a "have a nice day" attitude.
He could have cared less whether the garments were tailored properly.
If you are an executive who needs suits that are tailored then this place isn't for you.
This time, there were no deposit envelopes at the outside kiosk.
Do not trust this company.
Run away, far away.
I applied for a personal loan and was asked for my employers phone number.
I asked if they would be calling my employer because i did not want to be embarrassed.
They said i can provide pay stubs as proof of employment instead, i said okay great.
Are you kidding me!?!
Every time you apply, a hard inquiry goes on your credit immediately.
Also, the loan is for 5 months and they don't allow you to pay off early!
Do not risk your job or credit for this place.
I'm also reporting them to the bbb.
First merit heavily advertised free checking, insisting it would be free.
They made fun of the other banks.
I opened several "free" checking accounts.
Now because there are not enough checks being written they are charging $10 a month.
I don't like this.
This is a good fundamental bank and don't be shy of it.
Just any "free" service.
I recently had the pleasure of standing in queue at the line at this location.
I am just happy that boa is not my bank.
They were totally incompetent, and the lines were super-long even on a saturday.
Also fix your atm's.
They were swearing because of it.
My wife has nothing but four letter words to describe boa.
Please clean up your act regarding retail banking.
I will tell you that my wife and i do not normally use your services, nor plan to.
Your service leaves a very bad taste in our mouths.
If i could i would give a rating of a zero star or half star instead of one star.
I have had no problems with merrill lynch, and have been a client of merrill lynch since the  1990.
My family (father, mother, sister, myself, and my wife) all have financial planning and advising with merrill lynch.
We like merrill lynch.
I do not use this location for anything though.
It is too bad that merrill lynch is affiliated with boa.
I have no problems with merrill lynch, and my current financial advisor.
Staff is extremely friendly here and they are always so quick!
I rarely have to wait in line when i walk in the door.
The parking is the only down side.
It's a small parking lot, so parking is usually  full and parking feels crammed.
Aside from the parking i've never had a problem with the branch.
Slow slow and slow.
I always wait forever in the drive through, not a fan of this location
This is a busy bofa location.
The teller who helped me with both my personal and business needs was friendly.
She also thanked me for coming in.
Good location and nice staff.
I enjoyed doing my banking over here.
Brittany was very friendly and helpful.
Will come back often.
If there was a zero star... this place would earn it!!!
2 tellers, over 15 ppl on line, over a 30 minute wait and all the little cubicles.... bankers doin nothing.
I originally switched my car insurance over to state farm with linda in the summer of 2008.
We have not been.
She stopped responding to our emails and phone calls and instead one of her assistants does.
I would definitely not recommend taking your insurance needs to this office.
This bank location lost my cash credit card payment.
I went inside the branch and tried to straighten out the situation.
This teller jumped down my throat and pretty much called me a liar.
He didn't even attempt to investigate my complaint.
He asked me what the teller looked like who took my payment and i described her.
He said no teller looked like that.
I walked away because i didn't have a receipt.
1) i used to work as a teller and deposits were lost while i worked at wells fargo.
It is not unheard of for money to be credited to the wrong account or just lost in general.
It didn't happen every day at the bank, but it happened frequently.
Again, i worked there for almost 3 years and i saw it happen often enough.
He should have investigated it.
I didn't have a receipt, so i walked away.
I will never make a cash payment again.
I knew the date of the transaction and the lazy employee should have been able to investigate it from there.
But i will never return to this crappy location.
That way they are forced to investigate the transaction.
I like the space & it's easy to find your way around.
The staff are friendly & helpful (especially amy - she's a caffeine-buzz with a smile!)
I hate that the parking validation is only accepted until 8:30am or after 5pm.
If they fixed that i'd go more often & give them more stars.
I also dislike the new logo.
I think it looks like a goo-ey pastel mess.
I thought the other logo was strong and straight-forward.
Yelp 100 challenge - 2018 # 66  thank you denise for the amazing customer service and great conversation.
I love wells fargo and haven't had a problem with them.
I love their online portal because you can literally handle everything.
I love that they allow you to personalize your debit card online and as often as you want.
This location had three atm's available.
Two through the drive through and one by the entrance.
Customer service:  it depends on who you get when you walk in but on today i had amazing customer service.
I'm to have had such a knowledgeable banker.
Always the best service.
Been coming here forever and top notch crew.
Keep it up and keep your employees happy.
Bank of america made the mistake but couldn't fix it without documents from a lawyer.
After meeting with the bank manager, christina, she was told everything was in proper order.
Now we are dealing with problems because of their gross mishandling of the account.
If i could leave no stars i would!
This is a terrible branch that is poorly managed and a company that is heartless.
They're super super rude.
I recommend you across the street to check city!!!
Worst bank & worst customer service including their corporate!
Hope they go bankrupt.
I'm glad to have canceled everything with them!
I will never use this bank again.
My account is frozen and they can't do anything until she gets back from vacation!
Now i have no money to spend because it is stuck in my frozen account.
Horrible customer service..don't use them
Attention, julia ashworth:  no means no!
I'll be shopping around for a new visa card from a company that understands and respects the wishes of customers.
Wish i can select no stars!
Customer for 23 years with 8 personal and business accounts here.
Tellers are friendly and helpful, however, bankers are opposite story!
Also, she is not responsible nor will she be for any actions of previous banker that initated the account.
Even though it was her!
Wow, guess wells fargo really does prefer to open 3.5 million fake accounts instead of legitimate real ones!
And continue to slap accounts with unnecessary fees to pad their pockets.
Suggest staying away from this branch if you expect any real service.
Bankers are dishonest, rude, unprofessional, and very incompetent.
Apparently, that is how this branch operates and how management trains the bankers here!
I am a loyal customer i am there at least 3 times a week.
The so called manager bobbie is extremely unprofessional and rude.
Beware don't go there!
Rude to customers and staff.
I will take my business elsewhere.
The people who work here and super friendly and helpful; they are the reason for the high rating!
Always friendly, no long wait times.
Used this bank in minnesota and never had a problem.
They need 10 days notice to get more than 2k.
Never heard of that before.
Since relocating to mesa a year ago, i chose linda's office to handle my auto insurance for my business.
I am confident that as my business grows, i can trust linda and her office to have me covered.
Any time i have requested a meeting to discuss my policy, it has been an easy process.
Such a shame and difference from a few months ago when the staff was lovely and competent.
Very unpleasant to do business here anymore.
If you notice any positive reviews are from at least 2 years ago.
Renee is so amazing.
She made the process so fast and fun.
She was knowledgeable, and a joy to interact with.
If you are ever in need to financial services or just to open an account.
Just ask for her.
I can't rave enough about her customer service.
Oh my after looking at the reviews i completely understand why this place sucks so bad.
Go figure branch retail executive krysten wilman and whitney can't get it together.
Lol some red haired disrespectful employee told me that she couldn't deposit my check for 5-7 days.
I guess she doesn't want to work for 5days.
Lol this branch location is a joke and has been for while.
Nightmare... stay away from this place!!!
Tri boro would not even look at the poa without charging family member $50!!!
Refused to talk without cash in hand!
Hope they go bankrupt!!!
Pnc was a pleasure to deal with and showed more compassion and professionalism...
I'd put my money and business with them!
I came to this bank after the positive experience and customer service that was provided to me.
The gentleman that handled the notary did so at no charge.
Even though i did not bank there.
In the years that have past since we moved to midfirst id say it's been mostly positive.
Unfortunately it has recently become a place i no longer want to do business.
Unfortunately for midfirst this has been to their own detriment.
If i go to my lock box i don't feel that the banker needs to know why.
When i ask for a money order i don't think the banker needs to know who its for.
These are just a few reasons i will be moving my banking elsewhere.
*important to note, i am not someone with lack of funds or financial issues.
So the actions taken at this location are interesting to say the least.
Im sure others have had better experiences, but i hope this review is helpful to someone.
Probably the worst hours of any bank i've ever been to.
What bank closes at 3:00 in the afternoon?
They close early everyday to go home and have a nap!
Making a deposit, for my mom.
What a great bank.
The tellers are cheerful and i love the ornate pictures that are hung along the walls.
Dollar banks are always decorated so very regal.
I do not bank here but have to come here to pay my rent each month.
If i ever want to change banks i just may have to give them a try.
This a bank that is completely unprofessional.
For starters they only have two locations, business hours only (3pm!)
And no drive thrus!!!!!
They told me not to worry about it because i could use their "shared branches" and they're just the same.
Thanks but no thanks, stick to reputable bank.
Worst banking experience ever!
Thank u for each of you at fifth 3rd bank.
I thank u for all you each do to make such an amazing experience each time i come in!!
May god continue to bless each of u and all your families always.
Great location...but not so great location.
There were transients right near the front entrance begging everyone for money.
Interior is nice and bright and friendly.
They seem to need full-time security on site.
The good: i was excited to find that i had a ymca branch in my building.
Try to avoid the sqeeky treadmill in the middle.
The crowding is pretty intense during peak times, so unless you can clear 2-3pm in your day, good luck.
The lap pool is also a struggle to get a clear lane.
Would like to see that service offered at this location.
I normally like chase compared to other banks, but i don't really understand what they are doing to this location.
Again, that's what you get for pushing for that "living" wage folks....automation and elimination of jobs!
Felt like i was at bank of america???
Always nice when you can have a few courtesy checks printed for you at the branches if you need too.
They always go above and beyond.
Excellent service and employees that care.
Banker alen g. showed genuine concern and took the time out of his day to assist with my banking needs.
I recommend going to the branch to solve issues.
Especially if they do business like they do here.
I don't bank at chase.
But my brother does.
He needed to go the bank, and this branch was the closest one he found from strip.
So, as an convenience, this is the place to head for chase customers.
Problem is that the line moved slow and the parking was not so good.
This is the most frustrating experience i have ever had with a bank!!!
The branch manager is never there and takes several days to return calls.
The acting supervisor tells me "well the money wasn't in your account so we return the payments".
Her response was "it's not a guarantee, we don't control it the electronics do"  ugh!!!!
I've never been so irritated!
Why offer the service if you don't follow through!
I'm closing my account and going to a bank we're customers matter!
I think most of us can agree that bank of america doesn't care about these reviews on yelp.
Just look up any branch and they all have been hit with 2 star reviews or lower.
This review is for perspective customers, not for the scum working at this branch.
If you're thinking of opening an account with this bank i urge you to seek other options.
Especially if you're gay.
They are massively homophobic at this branch.
I had to go to another branch and i got the help i needed there.
As soon as my pending transactions clear i will be closing my account.
There's even a nice open sitting area by the entrance.
The worst location ever .
There is always something wrong with either their printers or computers.
Just go to the one down the street and save time
Atm took my cash deposit and didn't give it back!
Now what do i do!?
Wait days  to have my money!
Maybe it was just a bad day, but this is one of the worst bofa branches i've ever been to.
Today, the teller just threw out a slip from the window and said fill it out yourself.
I am pretty sure a teller is not supposed to do that.
I guess i will just stick with the atms in the future.
All other major banks i use have much better services- chase, hsbc, etc.
This was actually one of the first banks of america i ever visited.
Back then, i think it was nationsbank.
Yes, it was that long ago.
It was a long time ago, and they were one of the few who would do it for free.
And me, not even a customer.
Extremely friendly and efficient.
I've been banking with wf for 21 years and this is by far the best location i've been to.
The word incompetent would be too nice for this bank.
My husband and i opened a savings and checking account together with suzy lombardi on june 5th.
We are not idiots and know how to manage our money but thanks.
I was really excited to use this bank.
After a week and no card i called.
I asked where my card was and she rudely told me that it could be another 4 business days.
We are in the same state how long can it take.
Well here we are 4 business days later nothing.
I called the after hour line and the kid tells me that the cards were sent back and shredded.
We received a letter giving us our pin number.
How can it be a faulty address???
Now we have to wait 2 more weeks to use this account but i'm going to close it.
Clark county credit union makes you your card right there.
I would rather bank with wells fargo or chase literally any other bank than this one.
Why would they not call us to let us know our address was faulty?
Why would it be ok to go a month without a card?
This bank is unprofessional and i will not recommend it to anyone.
I only use this branch's drive-thru atm.
Good and fast, very bright area during night time hours.
Near sr-51 and loop-101 in the northeast phoenix neighborhood.
Worst experience, worst branch.
All my experiences with other banks have been very good, but not with local branch.
I have to wonder if the tellers really know how to do their jobs.
I when in on 2 different occassions many months apart and had 2 separate tellers.
So i figured hey rbc is a major banker no problem right?
Boy was i about to learn that getting them to set it up was going to be a nightmare.
My response was to flip over the bill and correct her and say yes i can pay it here.
So then another lady comes over and low and behold finds the company to add to my payee list.
She does the transaction and gives me the reciept.
I notice she has only put through the dollar amount and not the change.
Note to self acutally tell them the amount in dollar value don't just say the whole amount.
Come on if you can't read and deal with numbers maybe this isn't the job for you.
I am taken a back at first what do you mean my credit card isn't valid.
So she procedes to tell me about all the different options and the fee that goes with them.
She tells me the rbc rewards card is the best way to go because is has no fee.
So i open my wallet and pull out my rbc rewards card and say i already have that one.
She looks at me like i"m the crazy one and then says oh and completely just drops the conversation.
Guess she can't read either.
Over all the atm is the way to go at this location.
Worst bank i have ever been too.
Only a few bankers and to many tellers.
If you are in a hurry don't waist your time and go here.
I got good quote for my auto and renter insurance.
Though i faced few issues which i didn't face with earlier insurer.
I received notices from dmv every-time the policy was renewed.
It was about about proof of insurance which was not submitted by the agent.
I contacted sf office and they ensured it will be resolved both the times.
After a month i went on dmv website to check insurance verification and surprised to see it was not there.
I again called the sf office and found that wrong format was submitted.
Now i know why i do my financial service business with banks and not credit unions.
You may have lower rates on loans and other lending products but you pay with reduced service.
I received a mailer in the mail to refinance my auto loan at a reduced interest rate.
As a bank employee that is also a share holder, i probably will leave my business at the bank.
I have tried calling the branch twice and the phone just rings for 3 minutes and then rings busy.
No voicemail, no one answers.
I can't contact the branch downtown as no one answers the phone during business hours.
It has been 5 days and no answer.
That's what makes a great business model; no matter what the product or service is that they are selling.
I'd previously banked at a 1st bank in colorado.
The service was outstanding.
I've now been to two separate branch locations of first bank in the phoenix area.
This scottsdale branch is outstanding; but so is the other branch i've stopped in.
Both of them have the same outstanding customer "friendly" service.
Whomever is in charge of the corporate customer service policy, thank you!
The friendly service at first bank blows every other bank out of the water.
The first time for $200.
Then today happens again but for a measly .80 cents and guess what same teller too.
I did not bother to even recover.
This is unacceptable make sure you count your cash before you leave and check your deposits.
Thankfully, linda has removed my need to continue doing the annual "shopping for the best deal on insurance" task.
I recently met with her for an ifr (insurance and financial review) and was thoroughly impressed with the experience.
Linda literally took a page of notes throughout the meeting on action items which required follow-up or additional information.
Another huge a++ for this awesome commitment to take care of her customers).
Highly recommended for something as important as insurance and finances are.
Avoid this bank at all costs.
Do you have an extra 45 minutes to stand in line.
Think about it because they only employ 1 teller.
Google mortgage collateral charge and learn what it mean, the cons as well as the pro's.
Then if you have a td mortgage, ask yourself, did they tell you this?
Td bank is the only bank that registered all mortgages as a collateral charge.
Don't believe me, google it.
Lets see how many of us were fooled and taken advantage of.
I borrowed student loan from national bank (oshawa).
The bank wants the money back while i am still in final year of school.
Other banks give you grace period of 1 year after graduation to start paying money back.
This bank is giving me lots of agony while i am studying for my final medical exam.
I will never do any business with this bank again.
This is a stand alone chase branch located at the southeast corner of silverado ranch blvd.
The building is obviously pretty new and immaculate, inside and out.
I have been here several times recently and there is never a line!
Maybe i've just been really lucky, who knows?
I always get a smile, a warm greeting, and am asked how my day is going.
It may seem a bit insignificant, but it actually makes me enjoy coming to this location.
I honestly can't think of one valid reason to knock a star off of their rating....so...i'm going with..  5 stars!
Love the staff, the equipment, and the facility.
Always enjoy working out there - but try to hit the nonpeak times.
As of june 9th i have not received a call from a supervisor despite repeated calls to this company.
This company makes a compelling argument to refinance the house with any other company.
I was a customer for over 20 years until they charged me $158 for a $40 over draft.
Congrats pnc you lost yourself a customer.
They are a giant bank however, and the staff doesn't have any leeway for bending the rules.
My first day i went in i had to get sized under my brothers wedding party.
A 10-20 minute trip turned into an hour and a half because the staff was poorly trained.
I didn't receive a call.
Then ended up waiving it but charged me a deposit which the groom had already paid for me..
Specifically with two incredible bankers wanda and seema!
We spoke on the way to the bank and bang!
By the time i arrived all the ppw was ready to sign.
I can't say enough about this amazing service i just experienced!
I am a raving fan!
Every  freaking time will never come to this location again i don't even know why i bother
I think the photo on saturday morning says it all.... long lines and short staffed.
I only needed a notary so i was in and out in less then 10 minutes.
No coffee at this location.
Ana is really nice!
I have never had a problem with wells fargo, either in person or by support via phone.
The employees have always been understanding of my concerns and addressed them quickly with a polite and professional demeanor.
Of course this has only happened twice in 8 years.
You give them your hard earned money.
They hold onto it for you.
If all goes well, it'll still be there for you when you need it for stuff.
I have been a member of summit credit union for almost 30 years.
They have always went above and beyond to assist me and my husband with whatever need we have had.
I would never consider switching financial institutions.
We primarily use the credit union on e wilson street; however, we have also used numerous other branches.
The staff has always been helpful, professional and friendly.
I highly recommend this credit union.
There is really no need to beat a dead horse, a bank is a bank is a bank.
This is one of the many td locations in toronto.
(it is astonishing how many people still use the teller, get online people!)
The thing that sets this location apart are their managers.
Bottom line...i will be here for a bit until something really sunshiny comes up.
10 am tuesday morning and there is 1 teller inside.
The line is average 5 people deep.
Avoid this location if you don't want to spend your day at the bank!
If you're looking for low-quality merchandise and a mediocre advice this is the place for you.
Be careful of bouvier who sold me two pairs of slacks for $250.00 + $24 alteration.
When i got home, i realize they do not fit me right.
I was able to return one pair for $50 and my tailor is trying to fix the other.
Not a good experience and i will not be back there.
I have been a member for over two years now.
Getting it was quick & easy and the lady was nice & helpful.
He was able to help me consolidate my credit card debt and was a pleasure to work with.
I would highly recommend mountain america and jared to anyone looking for a great place to bank with!
The wait for a teller was longer than expected.
The line moved rather slowly.
Teller was courteous and seemed fine.
However, i later discovered that the teller had deposited my money into the wrong account.
Td canada trust service is usually pretty good & i appreciate that they eventually fixed the mistake.
My banking experience at this branch was definitely one that caused more problems than it solved.
If i hadn't been checking up on the account, the mistake would not have been identified (nor fixed).
When banking here, i'll need to double-check everything the teller does.
I never have to wait long for anything, they exchange bills without a fuss, & they have great hours!
I don't use chase personally, although they kinda make me want to!
I use them with work.
The staff at this location are extremely friendly and fast!
Much quicker than the location a few blocks away.
Thank you guys for putting up with my super specific banking needs!
I really like pnc as a bank.
They havent gone ape**** over fees like bigger national banks.
They say hi when you come in and the place is pretty nice.
My only beef, and this goes for many pittsburgh business, the hours are terrible.
The world works until five and you supply the money.
I get off at five your closed?
This is not 1950.
I go here regularly as the hours are great, and the customer service is top notch.
Evening hours and saturday hours and because of the staff here i won't go anywhere else.
This branch is very well located and not far from the 101 freeway.
Since the shopping center is relatively new, the building is up to date as well.
Parking is not a hassle at all.
In fact, you can park halfway between the harkins and the us bank and save gas.
If you have been to some other banks with grumpy tellers this place will be refreshing.
Yes, i know that they are supposed to be upbeat but they genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs.
15 years ago i joined az cu as a student and got screwed over.
There was a $500 minimum  balance requirement for my checking account.
I once got $20 out of the atm to pay for food.
They charged me like $30 in "overdraft" fees the next day, as if i had gone into the negative.
I complained and got nowhere with their unfriendly customer service.
I decided to close the account and go to a commercial bank.
Their customer service didn't even try to change my mind or offer to reconsider those phony overdraft fees.
I got a checking account from them, then a home loan.
I was disappointed on all 5 counts.
So much for friendly service and the hope for single point of contact.
Throughout my mortgage application process, i was promised a 3% interest rate.
But that interest rates was no longer available for me - mine had gone up to 3.5% that day.
The site kept showing 3% for days or weeks afterwards.
Primarily use their atm services but indoor service has been pleasant and helpful.
They are required of course to try to sell their products but i tire of that sometimes.
The atm is well lit and convenient but difficulty accepting cash at times and that frustrates me.
Otherwise, i like this bank and their on-line services.
*fyi: if you're interested in the group yoga classes, go to the front desk first and get a pass.
The actual yoga room is down the last elevator bank and through the glass doors.
You need a pass to get through security.
Why not review my local wells fargo bank?
Let's see, what can i say, i've only been inside and actually interacted with a human twice.
The tellers were friendly enough and there was a younger guy directing people who had questions on where to go.
When i visit this branch, i'm usually coming to use the drive-thru atm.
It's quick, efficient, and never crowded.
Until next time, wells fargo.
Yelp 100 challenge 2015: #193
Well, i went into this bank to open an account.
I was greeted and asked to have a seat.
I don't know they're sexist.
I just dropped by the bank today to ask for a print out of my statement from my account.
The banker named robert brunt was rude.
I was just only asking him to stamp the document.
But the rest of the associates over there are nice and friendly.
It was my fourth time to visit this bank since i moved from cali.
Except for some of their fees that they didnt tell me about i liked my experience with them.
Im waiting to open a new bank account.
They have great friendly staff.
Worst bank i've ever dealt with!
Always multiple hour wait time to see a banker, even when the lobby is empty.
Mouthy "has an answer for everything" manager who seems to enjoy giving bad news.
I'm sitting here alone in the bank and was told it will be over two hour wait.
Again, worst bank ever!
Location is the the key on a great bank.
14 people in line one teller confused open.
I'll try the glendale location in fry's they are always fast.
This might not be a bad bank for personal banking but don't bother for merchant, you'll be here all day.
Amazing bank for small business.
Seth is an outstanding bank representative of the bank.
Looking forward to our business future partly because of alerus!
Or a few dozen.
We ultimately decided to give into the monster and settled on bank of america.
I mean if we're going to have a local presence, might as well have the biggest, right?
I was in this area, so stopped in, which was good, because their other branches are usually slammed.
This one typically isn't.
I don't know why.
Maybe it's all the dancing statues of liberty from the tax place across the street.
Setting up the business account wasn't hard.
Neither were the personal accounts, really.
The hardest part was navigating the endless suggestive sell process - do you want a debit card with that?
How about an extra account for your dog?
Finally managed to get it all done though.
Then the real difficulty began: transferring money.
The first person said that under a particular amount would go through.
So i get a cashiers check for that amount.
It's held until the next day.
I can deal with that.
Then i get another.
That one is held for three days.
After that goes through, i get another.
That one is held for a week.
So i set up an online transfer.
But they don't like to allow that (this doesn't appear to be the fault of this location in particular).
Finally, it seems that they didn't order the debit cards for the accounts like they said they would.
Had that done at another branch, who also let us know that we could get our pictures on them.
Didn't even know it was an option from this branch (this is the fault of this location).
How come no one did report this bank has been closed.
New branch is open at sahara ave their post says.
I recently opened up a bank account for our school ptsa with this branch.
We were assigned someone to work with.
The personal banker's name was sabrina petit.
Very professional and helpful throughout the entire process.
She called and sure enough bri said that she could come back!
They offered our ptsa no fee checking, which included free checks!
If you've ever tried to open a business account anywhere else, you'd know that this is a big deal.
The bank was out of money bags the day that i set up the account.
Bri said that she would set one aside for me when they came in.
Bri is always pleasant, patient, and helpful.
I would recommend that people ask for bri - she was great.
So great in fact that we are thinking about going to open savings accounts for our kids there with her!
Oh and hey, you can't beat the popcorn machine, water bottles, cookies and sometimes lollipops that are in the lobby!
This lady's name is laura shearer.. be sure not to do business with this bank!
So, i drove through the atm today.
My money came out sideways and crumpled.
I pull it out and $40 stays behind.
I park my car, go inside, a nice girl with a tablet (basically a greeter), asks me what i need.
I tell her my issue and she goes to ask her manager what to do.
Right of the bat, is there not something wrong here?
I'm asking about protocol and training?
An atm machine is malfunctioning and you just pass me along to the next person.
No question as to what's wrong with the machine, let's get a person to open it and check etc.
So another employer begins the claim process and start asking me if i want a checking account etc.
I want my damn money.
Just then another employee walks up with two torn $20 bills.
The woman who was at the atm was luckily honest and brought them in.
Then the employee says he'll tape them.
He thinks about it and after stopping to help someone else finally gives me two whole $20 bills.
Sorry to call you out, but this branch needs some training!!
So unprofessional, and it starts with the manager who doesn't want to deal with it.
I still can't believe a bank is run like this.
When i left, all the seats were taken and there were a few folks standing and waiting.
The banker i dealt with was helpful even if he needed a store manager to perform the transaction i needed.
Unfortunately, there was no store manager working today.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Chase is the best bank in las vegas.
I love people that works for chase .
So friendly and helpful.
Thanks chase for making my life easier :)
Horrible customer service and management.
Would not let me deposit money into my friends account without having a chase account.
Major inconvenience for their customers!
Absolutely worse service i've ever received .
So i requested to close my account and she said okay .
Never asked for id and proceeded giving him my money from my account.
You guys lost my trust and loyalty .
After banking with you guys 6+ years never going back and do not recommended anyone to bank with chase.
I don't like to write bad reviews but this bank is horrible.
He put me in a business account.
About a month later when i went to transfer my rent money and move money to my other bank....i couldn't.
I'll be looking for a new bank.
I wouldn't recommend this bank from my experiences.
Everywhere you turn there are extra fees for this and that.
Well, not sure what to say.
No more drive up tellers.
Always a line inside at the tellers.
Not sure what their business model is saying.
Customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life....
Worst bank i've ever had to deal with...
I'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union.
I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.
Outstanding customer service, better than any bank i have ever belonged to!
The tellers are professional and happy to help fill out the deposit slip for you.
Oh and they will give you a bottled water while you wait.
This bank is on the smaller side and i believe there are only a few locations in town.
Bright entrance for in-door atm.
Will need to use your chase debit card to gain entry.
Fast machine, one lane of drive-thru atm as well.
So the one time in 6 years that i actually make a mistake pnc doest care they need their 36.
Not a bank for the people, a bank for themselves & to make money off your money.
Worst boa in charlotte  line is always long.
Ugh hate when i have to walk in this bank.
Piss poor considering the headquarters is down the street.
Fernando is an understanding banker at this location that listens and works with and for you.
Online banking at ds is still in last century with glitches that he helped explain.
Went in to complain.
Wrote a 350 check.
I dated the check november 5, 2014.
On october 30th they let that person cash the check!!!
So i got an overdraft fee of $35!!
Ask them to drop the fee because i clearly dated the check.
No surprise here, they refused to drop the fee.
Called customer service and even they refused!
How takes the time to  get what you want and at a great quote.
I've recommended friends to this office without hesitation.
Great customer service hands down and always professional!
The worst banking customer service in the world!
I complain to the better business bureau about their service and about their policies.
I reviewed them on yelp.
This is why big banks i have such a bad reputation.
Kenny w hodgson the third is just as pompous as his name sounds.
You see bankers like kenny feel they are  disrespected when you disagree with them.
Anyone who would like to join me is welcome.
This just might be my new lunch time routine.
Its close to work and they offer a cardio strength class around lunch time.
Only thing is that its packed at noon.
So i went at 12:45 and by the time i was done, it was a ghost town.
So i can go at 1:00 and get in and out within an hour.
Even with taking a shower!
I had some fraudulent activity on my debit card that messed up everything up generating overdraft fees.
Everyone knows it could be a stressful situation.
I appreciate all your help
The most efficient and kind office staff!
You guys are awesome and i'll never forget how awesome i was treated.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
They were attentive and easy to work with!
This is the worst bank i have ever banked with.
Customer service is non existent and overdraft fees are absolutely horrendous.
I would never choose this credit union again...
I am going back to wells fargo.
We opened our business accounts here.
We have always received extremely helpful service.
It's a full service location with the fancy atms inside which disperse $1, $5 & $20 bills.
Friendly tellers and a terrific biz banker.
Sometimes, i just don't want to give my cash/check to a machine.
Although we could go to any location, i prefer doing business with this one.
Rush hour traffic makes access/exiting more challenging, but not impossible.
I have mixed feelings about td canada trust.
On the one hand, their telephone customer service is pretty legit.
Those people are unbelievably friendly, and helpful.
On the other hand, this specific branch has proven to be more of a nuisance than help.
Every experience results in me walking out frustrated.
[] nuisance 1 [] i needed to be added to my wife's account.
The simple solution would have been to, you know, add me to my wife's account.
The bank... person (banker?)
Decides instead to close my wife's account and open a brand new one in both of our names.
We ended up spending the next few weeks dealing with incorrect bank account numbers, interac cards that wouldn't work, etc.
In our attempt to access the money in this unnecessary new account.
They lost the money.
We got it back eventually, but we didn't even get an apology when i complained about what happened.
[] nuisance 3 [] we attempted to move more money and close our borderless account a couple weeks ago.
This isn't even remotely true.
So our account is still open.
It feels like we're dealing with two separate banks: the bank that knows what's happening when i call.
And the bank that doesn't know what's happening when we show up at this location.
Several kinds of dumb.
Had to rush to bmo to withdraw usd funds and found their systems down.
This is not the first time this has happened.
They didn't seem the least bit contrite that their delays would quite possibly be costing me a flight.
When i asked what the closest branch was they didn't even have an answer ready for me.
If i don't make this flight, they'll be hearing from me.
Actually, they might hear from me regardless.
I don't think the way they snapped at me was acceptable so...
The systems were down across all branches.
It said: "take card", then "take cash", no cash was dispensed.
They in turn told me that this claim would take 2-3 months to process.
We will see if i'll ever get this money..
Thanks for fucking up my personal finances, you piece of shit atm!
I'll be switching banks as soon as i can..
I recommend others to do the same.
Logan was our representative at this location for changing over our insurance from aaa.
He was extremely helpful and informative about our options for car and home insurance.
He listed options and made recommendations to what seemed best fit and logical.
If you need any assistance, i would highly recommend this office.
All representatives are very welcoming and try to get the best deal for their clients.
I never realized what a nightmare it would be!
Logan has always helped me out and i've been happy with his services provided in the past.
I pay the 12 month premium and sign the papers back in june 2017.
Out of the 4 employees there now, only one is licensed and others are in training to get licensed.
They can't even change a billing address i was advised.
Shane's previous staff of (the dream team) carlos, joe and logan no longer work there by the way.
When i arrive, i'm brought to shane's office to discuss what happened.
This is the first time i've ever met shane before because i always worked with logan and joe.
(mind you i work the graveyard shift and should of been sleeping!)
He assured me to come by the next day to make the payment and our policy will be reinstated.
The next day, we revisit the office to make the payment and it was for a larger amount.
Of course i was upset about this and just made the payment because i've wasted so much of my time.
I'm sorry shane, but my mom was there to witness it!
2)then he throws in my face "at least we covered you for 3 months!!"
Damn right you should!
Remember i didn't create this mess you did!
Not once did he apologize for the inconvenience this has caused the both of us.
He blamed it on incompetency of his staff who he hinted had been terminated 3-4 weeks ago.
Not once could he assume responsibility for his actions since he is the owner!
It is such a blessing to be able to get in a workout on my lunch break.
She's a great teacher.
My only complaint is that they charge $10 per guest.
If i want to bring someone that is visiting me from out of town or something, it's very inconvenient.
Other than that, a+!
First bank is a waste of space.
This branch is bleak!
They have awful customer service, low-energy tellers, and the branch manager is the worst.
His name is noel; he's in total dereliction of his duties.
Save yourself time and hold on to your money.
First bank is an absolute joke.
It takes 2-4 hours for your cash to show up in the account.
Someone let these guys know that it's 2017- they need to get a clue!
Since when will a bank not accept a deposit of $175 into a boy scout account?
I am not a signatory on the account, but why would that matter?
It has never mattered in the past, at any other bank i've ever been to.
It didn't even matter to the other wells fargo branch i took the deposit to.
But evidently it matters to this wells fargo branch.
Let them have their rules, and i will move all of our accounts elsewhere.
Probably fine for direct deposit and withdrawing if you're a student nearby.
In each case, a torrent of apologies ensue from everyone involved.
I really wish i could give them a higher rating.
They did refund the charges but i really don't like the $500 minimum.
I guess i'm used to all banks dealing with my account in a "we want to keep him away".
My local bank with my local account gets very little business out of me.
I have other banks that treat me very well, and they have most of my money.
I loved the facilities then and they've even recently updated everything (march 2014).
Looks like they moved around some staff offices and gave members more workout space.
We were recently out here for a wedding.
My husband packed his suit, but forgot to pack a dress shirt.
Since he discovered this an hour before the wedding, he started to panic.
We knew there was a kohls about 5 mins away, and he wanted to go there.
Of course, she pulled exactly the shirt he needed, and then offered to press it for him!
We made it to the wedding with about 5 min to spare.
Chanel and her co- worker saved the day for us!
Thank you jab for fantastic customer service!
The local branch i use is ok.
Customer phone service on the other hand is not ok.
The agents are usually rude and not very helpful.
Credit unions are quasi governmental agencies and the employee interaction reflects this.
Something as simple as an external ach transfer is ridiculously cumbersome.
Knowledgeable service and gets you in and out quickly!
He talked me into trying and a lady named stacey helped me big time!!
Turns out i could qualify and she also gave me advice for other financial troubles.
Im happy they talked me into it.
I recommend her if your wanting an acct .
It only took 10 minutes to open too!
Five people in line while only two tellers are working and two employees are sitting in their cubicles chit chatting.
It is always like this when i come in!
She helped me and answered all my questions !
So sweet and considerate !
Walked in this morning to find one of my old banker, managing.
Mr. mike h.  got to see him in action.
How expedient, and efficient mike is.
I have friends that have known him all his life.
What a great asset mike h.,  is to bank of america.
Daniel is no chop liver.
The kid is good too.
You can find it at the corner of water st. and basic rd.
In the same plaza as nevada state college.
This is a really modern bank.
They are a pleasure to work with.
They are very organized and knowledgeable.
I worked with jared when i was there and i have all good things to say about him.
This place is great all the staff are friendly and helpful they give me the loan i needed.
This place is great and highly recommended.
I have only use the atm at this location.
They have two, one under a roof and one on the street level.
She made faces and me and was unprofessional.
This wells fargo ruined my weekend.
So find a different location cuz this one sucks!!!!
Convenient location with a 24/7 atm.
I always get attentive care and they remember my name!
They are always friendly and willing to help me with any issues i have.
Man screw you cash1 !
I have records to prove so .
Just i know you guys need it for an update.
Those other competitors in the beginning gave me or approved me for $700 back in the days also.
Like i've done with you guys !!
And i paid them off early as well.
I believe me i will get a bump up when i go in for another loan!!
But not with cas1 !!
And dont blow smoke up my ass and say we're different than those companies because you're all the same!!
You just loss a customer !
I was issued a check from bank of america.
As i am not a bank of america member, i went there to cash it.
They charge me an 8% fee to cash a check issued by them.
This branch manager has no customer service skills whatsoever.
Can i live without a few extra bucks?
But this manager needs to learn to give the customer the pickle.
Maybe its time to replace her...
After hearing it 100x on tv, it finally got to me and i had to check it out.
There's a large selection of suits.
They're made from a variety of places around the world....mexico, india, southeast asia....and the quality ranges form ok to poor.
The ok quality suits were severely overpriced at $1100....yes, that's right, $1100.
The poor quality suits are priced around $400....so that's $133 per suit on the low end of the scale.
Well, forget that.....i can get better suits elsewhere.
I just couldn't get myself to pay that kind of money.
I'd rather have 1 very nicely tailored italian suit for $1100 than some ok tailored suit from some other country.
Well, they got me in the store, but couldn't close the deal.
Return factor - 1%
No, i'm not a vet.
My dad is a usmc retiree, and this is how i got my ticket in.
I've banked with other financial institutions and none can top it.
It was rather rough banking in a state that never had a single nfcu branch.
So once they opened this branch as the first branch in las vegas, and it being so close to home...score!
Most especially when you'd like to reverse out of your stall.
The drivers driving through therr can be so unconscious or just a dickass.
I always hope there's an open stall at the side of the building between chevron and nfcu on such days.
Other than that, the staff are fairly professional.
I've never experienced a genuine negative one with any of the member reps.
These days i've noticed there is now a cnlv police officer upon entering.
Not sure where that ensued from, but i supposed it is comforting to many.
Opened an account today.
From the security outside to the teller and bank representatives, my visit was easy, quick and reassuring.
A+ chandler blvd location!
I have accounts at 4 banks.
I rarely use chase because of poor customer service.
Today was enough reinforcement of that to decide to close my acct.
It's a pain but worth avoiding the frustration.
My chase debit card was swiped but had expired.
I had not been sent a new one.
The teller explained that she is not able to access my statement or print me a copy.
She can't access my checking statement.
That line was about 10 deep for 1 personal banker.
The manager wasn't busy except for asking people at the front of the line what they were there for.
My advice is dont open an account here.
Save yourself the frustration.
This bank could make keeping cash in your mattress popular again!
I was with state farm for many years prior to moving to arizona.
I switched to dwayne aaron after moving to arizona.
I had multiple bad experiences working with dwayne aaron's office.
I found that they did not explain things well and were rude.
I would not recommend this office.
I went in and was treated with respect and smiles and the deal went smooth.
They helped me with a fine loan as i had just flew back from europe and was short of cash.
This business made my first month back in america very nice.
I am thankful for this business.
What a joke standing in line in this bofa long line 2 tellers wking.
All banks conduct legalized fraud, but pnc does it under the radar.
:)  let's start with atm's, you wanna use one?
What dicks you say?
Well let me also say another thing about international travel.
Don't use your pnc card internationally.
Pnc uses visa which they decided to set a 3% charge too.
So spend $100 pnc will take $3, on every purchase.
My previous international travel bank fidelity has since sold out, but before they only charged a 1% fee.
Before you laugh and giggle about pocket change then picture this.
Sheetz atm surcharge free?
Think again, sheetz won't charge you, but pnc will.
I would give no stars but since i had to give one, one is all they get.
After working with the loan department, i have decided to pull our money and move our mortgage.
We have been a 20+ year b of a customer, currently have our mortgage with them and never have defualted.
Yes i was laid off work like 1/2 of america but have managed to keep working a contract position.
However they used this as a reason not to go through with our loan.
You think  bank of america would want to help us make it easier to get through the economy crisis.
Just to let you know i am speaking about the loan department in chandler arizona.
We were told we could sign the paperwork while we were on vacation but never heard anything.
Got home and found out they canceled our loan.
Never will i use this bank.
Their commitment to customer service sucks.
I have been to this location several times and each experience has been pleasant.
The most recent experience at the drive thru was the one to make me want to write the review.
I was very impressed by the drive thru service.
Banks are banks (just like cell phone companies).
Most products and services and fees are almost interchangeable, you have to find the one that fits your needs.
Working within federal guidelines and having to stay competitive, keeps them all fairly similar.
To me, this was a great example as to why i like to bank with wells fargo.
I go here daily to make a business deposit which the tellers barely even acknowledge me.
When i go to make a personal deposit they try to be polite but it looks painful for them.
Super annoyed with this branch.
Longtime customer before chase was wamu.
Have 3 open accounts and 2 credit cards with chase.
Went into this branch today to open a 4th account.
Was helped by taylor, who was simply awesome.
Cordial and friendly, definitely keen on service.
I'm always assisted graciously here at this branch every time i walk in.
They also have drive thru service which is convenient.
Walk up atm is also a plus.
I recommend this particular branch due to their professionalism and courteous ways.
The staff have been very pleasant each time.
Sometimes there is a line up and it feels like it's taking forever!
Lines are always quick.
Atm machines except cash and checks for deposit with images optional.
The tellers are very friendly and professional.
Thank you for making this feel like home!
Discrimination for sure at this branch.
Had the same proff as always for my account but was refused my money.
Have never been treated in such a disrespectful manner.
I would recommend that us bank take a good look at the management at this branch.
Her picture is included in the office picture.
I've been a us bank member for many years.
Terrible terms and conditions.
Terrible with your money.
Terrible experience every time.
Banks need to be shut down.
I wasn't very impressed with this bank.
They will charge you fees if you don't have enough money in your checking account doesn't meet certain min.
So the business bank accounts are not technically free.
The upside is that this bank is very good at financing its customers with line of credits.
They have probably the best unsecured line of credit programs in the city.
The reason is because they have all the money!
With advanced technology there's no reason for adding excessive service fees.
I've banked with chase for over 18 years until now.
This is a great branch.
I have always been treated with respect here.
The customer service is excellent.
These guys could give customer service lessons to the downtown branch.
Ulises helped me today, but as i said, everyone here is awesome!
So when my husband received his payroll check this past friday he decided to go and cash it at chase.
He goes in saturday morning and they verified the check, great!
But they still refused to cash it.
They stated without an account they will only cash checks up to $2500, his check was $3500.
The check is drawn from their bank!!
It says chase on the check!!
Nope they won't cash it.
So here's a bank that won't cash their own checks!
This is what a bank is used for!
But apparently not chase.
Horrible service, almost lost a deal because loan officer ignored contingency deadlines, and contractual obligations.
None of the regional, or office managers would push to get the ball rolling.
Avoid this company for online loans as they refuse to step up to the plate.
You guys suck low class
Now 13 people and over half an hour in line.
Unacceptable, pathetic and a complete waste of time.
Horrible business to not staff up for a saturday!!!!!!
1 star because they don't have zero stars!
Because it is the only navy fed in vegas, the staff should be cool and friendly.
With my experiences at this single lv branch, theyre great!
Really nice people and clean, slick looking bank.
Making the switch from chase wasn't as easy as we promised, but they did try to make up for it.
Customer service at this location is outstanding!
The branch manager and his staff are true professionals.
Great bank  staff is all ways there to help.
All ways  with a smile  glad i use first merit
Love this credit union.
I have had an account here for more than 20 years.
I have both a personal and business account here.
I highly recommend this credit union and i've used the tempe branch exclusively for 12+ years, including my business acct.
I, like most everyone else who works in uptown, frequent this ymca during my lunch.
Very clean and nice locker rooms.
I do have some serious issues with this gym, though.
As a result, when you're exercising the entire gym can (and usually does) stare at you.
There also isn't a mirror anywhere for you to check your form.
I've never been to the athletic conditioning class, but it seems pretty intense, too.
This gym does have great pool going for it.
Again, when it is off-hours, the pool is much better.
Extremely helpful staff and very professional as well.
So caring and helpful as well as the branch manager frank.
He checked on me a few times.
Great staff and branch!
The wait is ridiculous.
There's workers everywhere trying to look busy but with no customers.
This one was a weird one.
Zero star, worst customer service ever, every single time long lines and 1 or 2 tellers max.
My bank was bought out by alerus.
I was nervous at first, but decided to give them a chance.
The "no foreign transaction fee" was awesome!!!
I hate going inside of the bank, when possible i always use the drive thur.
I worked with jacob d. i gotta say he really changed my mind about my anxiety with bankers.
He was really helpful and really took the time to explain to me on what's going with my bank account.
I felt like he went beyond what my expectations were.
I left really happy and relaxed knowing everything was taken of care.
So if you're headed to the location on 48th and ray rd.
Ask for jacob d.!!!
As mos t banks, avoid during payday fridays during lunch and around rush hour or you will be stuck !
I have been a client for two years and appreciate the great personal service they offer all their clients.
Aaron jumps hoops for small businesses and alisha makes the day a little brighter.
Kudos to chris, tony and marlene who showed them how to work as a team.
My favorite bank in over 35 years of banking in arizona.
Clean and spacious arrangement, however, customer service is very poor here.
Was promised pant alternations would be done by certain time but when called they were still working on them.
Since this was now very close to my departure, i was in a huge hurry.
Had already paid so literally just needed to be handed my pants and on my way.
No "will be right with you" or anything.
Finally grabbed one guy off of phone and got my pants and was out of there.
But after this experience i would never shop at jos a bank's again.
I'm used to "nordstrom" (and independent clothier) customer service.
And this was far, far from it.
I was surprised that this bank had not been reviewed yet.
I've always had good experiences here.
I'm super happy with the investments, and all of the tellers are always super nice, friendly, and helpful.
This bank of america location is just okay.
Steve sears is absolutely the best !
He is friendly, knowledgeable, honest and professional.
I have never felt pressure to buy insurance i didn't need/want and feel they have always given me options.
There was no pressure.
A five minute phone call saved me 1 1/2%.
I highly, highly, highly recommend steve sears state farm.
I feel like i am always treated like family!
Thanks steve and mary jean!!
Yanira assisted me for a loan had great attitude, funny and easy going.
Great to feel comfortable and have a good interaction!
I just moved here and needed a new bank account.
My representative, who is the relationship manager, lee helped me out.
He was really nice and helpful and the process was seamless.
I got a new account right away!
Lee also helped me set up my debit card and deposit as well.
My experience was definitely a 5 star service.
If i could leave 10 starts i would of!
This bank does not take calls nor does it take messages.
The bank did not properly record my record which resulting in my business bank account being shut down.
Go to a different branch or avoid this branch at all costs.....truly not business savvy....
Wow...quite possibly the most unfriendly lot of unhelpful tellers.
Went to a teller about transferring rsp's and told her what another bank required.
Been to this location numerous times and it seems like the tellers consistently have a chip on their shoulder.
Forget the greeter, pay someone to help me with my transaction faster.
I've been a member for over two years and i have nothing but good things to say about sun west.
Everyone is always very helpful and courteous.
I refinanced my high interest car loan here and was pleasantly surprised at how low the interest rate was.
You can't beat the no fee checking.
I recommend this credit union to all my friends.
Never thought to review a bank until receiving such stellar service!
Pretty good ymca, but much smaller than many around the country.
There's plenty of cardio machines, so weights are the only things that require some waiting.
Used to bank with az federal cu, but no longer.
I now do all my banking with oneaz!
The branch on rural and southern is the best.
Great service and i love the smell, the energy and the layout!
Customer service is very good and very attentive!
I seriously hate this branch location!!
Seriously impossible to get any help here!
I always have to spend my entire lunch hour here!
I'm done coming here, i would much rather drive the extra 5 mins & be in & out.
I have several accounts with wells fargo.
This is as it should be.
The staff here are either really on top of their usual crazy rush or not.
Avoid, by all means, on a friday.
It's not a particularly fast branch by any stretch of the means but kathya (eek, spelling?)
Is such a doll!
She makes this place actually bearable.
Watch out for jade!
She is by far the worst banker and provider of customer service.
She makes me not even want to bank with this company.
She was so rude to me and had such an attitude.
If you go to this branch steer clear of her!
Good customer service goes a long way.
I showed up at 2:05 on saturday and they closed at 2:00.
They didn't have to let me in and unlock the door so i can do my transaction but they did.
I opened up a business account with them and i feel they gave me bad information.
I have also been lied to more than once.
Their holds on business checks are ridiculous.
The manager told me he wouldn't release funds on a $3800 check even if it was verified.
When i first signed up, i was sold a different product.
Now i hate that i was dooped and fell for their bs.
I personally don't trust them anymore.
For business banking, i would say pass.
I haven't had any issues with my personal because honestly, i haven't used it much.
They never told me there was a fee.
They never showed the charge on my receipt.
3 they never told me there were other options, as in raising my limit or changing my account type.
They never told me i could make the deposit for no fee through the atm.
Isn't that what a bank if for?
I went in because i was having a problem with a  vendor charging my checking account and over drafting it.
A girl sat down with me and went over my account.
She was courteous but kept on trying to get me to sign up for things.
Funny thing is when i sat down i told her exactly why i was there.
I explained to her about the bank errors fees being waived.
Another 7-10 minutes later she comes back and says she couldn't waive the fee.
When i asked why?
She said because they had already waived monthly fees.
Again i explained to her that those were waived  because of a bank error.
I asked if i could speak to her manager but she said he was busy and couldn't talk with me.
At the end of the day the fee didn't bug me as much as the treatment.
In the end i called the 800# and they waived it right away.
Instead they were inept and a total waste of time.
These folks are friendly.
The bank is clean.
Security officer is friendly.
Atms are conveniently located.
So happy that they are also near my new home.
I think that navy federal in las vegas has a prejudicial side.
I am bipolar adhd and suffer from severe depression.
My anxiety is outta control and i am also losing my memory and i ama only 44 yrs of age.
I even come in with my service dog when i go to the branch.
Take care of your people instead of penalizing them.
So when does the brainchild get penalized?
Her name was lacrecia.
She has went over and beyond to listen and help.
Why he couldn't get his debit to take care of me and nothing.
Right back to the branch
The tellers always know what i need before i realize i need it.
Not to mention, they're friendly and energizing!
This is a credit union that has truly stayed true to their roots, even though they've become much larger.
Walked in had a small wait.
Was able to open an account quickly and with amazing customer service.
Was looking for a good pair of cedar shoe trees.
After calling around to a dozen places, i finally found them here.
Yes that wasn't a typo, i spent 25 bucks and got 3 shoe trees.
Store was very clean.
But while looking at the clothes i noticed that they seemed to be for the 40-65yr old man.
I'm so piss'd especially since i've been embarrassed all over town today with my card getting declined.
But no one ever bothered to ask me- they just declined me instead.
What a horrible business practice.
Now i'm embarrassed and furious.
Definitely taking my money elsewhere & closing this account asap   this is some team bs
This is the capitol square branch.
Pcg is a wonderful factoring company.
You will never hear "that's not my department or talk to so and so".
Pcg can even help with equipment loans and fuel.
If your company is considering factoring, stop looking now!!
I enjoy going to this wells fargo.
I visit this one often.
They have good service.
This wells fargo branch also has its own drive-thru atm.
You can also cash checks through the drive-thru.
Unfortunately, you cannot cash anything from the drive-thru atm with checks larger then $300, so don't waste your time.
Fast service and the building was cleaned and organized.
This review is solely based on the atm.
Luckily there is a chase atm in albertsons across the street.
But deer valley credit union changed that for me.
Referred to me by a co-worker, i joined dvcu back in 2014 with just a simple checking and savings account.
Now i also have my home and both both vehicles all through dvcu.
Great rates, and always the friendliest staff.
This is definitely a personable branch.
They are always prompt either at the teller or to, if needed, sit down with me in an office.
While i often avoid talking to strangers, there don't seem to be any strangers at this location.
Other banks could take some lessons from this team!
This location is the closest one to unlv.
I work and go to school so my time is very limited and this location is convenient for me.
This place has the best service of all rapid cash locations.
The associates all work with you to make sure you understand the process completely and with a friendly attitude.
No one wants to come in for a loan, but when you need it to, its as painless as possible.
Always does a great job for me and i appreciate her service.
All banks conduct legalized fraud, but pnc does it under the radar.
:)  let's start with atm's, you wanna use one?
What dicks you say?
Well let me also say another thing about international travel.
Don't use your pnc card internationally.
Pnc uses visa which they decided to set a 3% charge too.
So spend $100 pnc will take $3, on every purchase.
My previous international travel bank fidelity has since sold out, but before they only charged a 1% fee.
Before you laugh and giggle about pocket change then picture this.
Sheetz atm surcharge free?
Think again, sheetz won't charge you, but pnc will.
Between this bank and bank of arizona, i'm getting the run around for 12 days over a $300 check.
Neither side will do anything except blame the other bank and leave me with nothing but frustration.
They might as well have told me to go fuck myself in the parking lot.
Thanks for nothing guys!
I bet your quarterly bonuses were great though.
Dumbest rules out of any bank i have ever dealt with.
They stopped supporting military so i closed my account.
Well i did not change my mind.
Now i want to put money in my daughters account, i did not have the account number.
Are you kidding me????
My credit union always looks my account up by social security number.
So if this is not bad enough, here comes the branch manager to put the stupid on the cake.
My lewis black impression came out...(head moving back and forth, lips spitting cherries)...what???
Her response is it must just be nevada.
I am sad to say that this branch has failed with their customer service since ken left the store.
They said hello and never got spoken to again.
I have a lady next to me saying she has been waiting ten minutes more then i had.
It is sad to say that i am really close to closing  my account  and go to another bank.
Well acctually i am canceling one account today sue to there lack of communication and commitment.
My husband was right the first time when he said we should open our combine account at bank of america.
This branch is not making me happy it's been over an hour now and still hearing right this review.
I tought this bank would be better then the usuals do to it catering to the military.
Boy was i wrong!
They have the most rude customer service and dont know what they are doing.
When you are told 6 different things about 1 thing thats a problem.
Nobody is on the same page then you want to get attitude with the customer!
Always very kind and helpful.
They continue to do what they can to help with lowering our premiums.
This is no longer the closest location for us but we have stayed with them.
Melissa is the best!!!
I have a concussion and she helped me out and i felt safe and secure.
Best customer service ever!
Larry keever has been in the industry for a long time and knows how to provide great service to customers.
The staff is amazing and very knowledgeable!
The girl who greeted me at the door said that there weren't enough people working to answer the phone...
There's not enough people to answer the phone?...
Ok, ok, here's a joke... how many bank of america employees does it take to answer a phone...
Banked with boa for years.
Guess that says it all.
Employees are always helpful and courteous.
Whether big or small, they're quick at getting back to me, answering my questions and taking care of my requests.
I am very satisfied working with such fine gentlemen.
Shaine, carlos, joe and logan.
Please keep it up, guys!!
One teller with 7 people in line?
A 20 minute wait while the teller just chats with a customers baby.
Meanwhile the supervisor is doing everything she can to ignore the line and not get on to help.
It would be faster to go way out of the way than to wait at this place.
This is the key gym for downtown working folks.
It has everything a person wanting to work out could want.
A pool for laps....treadmills and plenty of equipment along with classes throughout the day.
In addition, they have a little grill/sandwich place which has good inexpensive lunch food.
The one thing to keep in mind is that it can get crowded at some key times.....lunch and around 5pm.
Mornings are not that bad and all and all it is a good place with a nice helpful staff.
There are at most 2 tellers working, lines are long and people will regularly walk out because of it.
If i could give this company a zero stars i would.
If you are looking for a new mortgage or refinance do not go with carrington mortgage!
I'm with lady l in terms of the poor customer service part.
Not the rudest or nicest, but definitely isn't the warmest.
Maybe i'll just go to windmill now.
The whole system is a joke !!!
Just ripping off customers and there money whenever they get a chance !
My experience with this bank started off quite well.
Then they changed policies that did away with customers like myself (no large balance, no direct deposit).
I started with free checking with no minimum balance/direct deposit.
Or so i thought...
The next month it happened yet again with a mid-month transfer.
This time i spoke with the bank manager and she noticed that they did not in fact fix the issue.
I asked three times how it was supposed to work.
I never changed my perception of how it worked and her description was exactly as i expected.
They just don't want the business of us "lesser" people...
Do not bank here.
Update: the incompetence at this bank is staggering.
They did not mail me my check as they said they would.
I called on monday to complain and asked for a call back the same day to update me.
I call the negligent "manager" marlene on friday, 5/25, day 32 of them having my money.
This sorry excuse for a bank will have use of my money for 120 days.
I am contacting the ftc, federal reserve, and attorney general's office.
This is theft due to their incompetence.
It crept close to 5:00 p.m. so we agreed to reconvene the following morning at 9:00 a.m..
However they kept my money.
No big deal it happens all of the time and i cleared it up.
The comerica manager told me i was high risk because of these balances.
I deposited over $100000 in business checking last week alone with the bank i ended up choosing.
The bank did not have my permission to do that.
Do yourself a favor and go across the street to washington federal or anywhere else but comerica.
Not worth the headache and the ridiculous 9 day hold.
Had a deposit and placed a post it on the checks to deposit each (which was underlined) separately.
The manager acknowledged they made the mistake and refused to make it right.
Such an easy fix but not done.
I will never return to this location and will ensure i let everyone know of my experience with them.
Ok, i know banks are banks.
They all have their policies, and you're just sort of stuck with them.
I don't bother to switch because really, they're all the same.
And to be honest, i've had pretty good luck with us bank.
But this branch in particular has gone out of their way so many times to make things difficult.
Today i went in to deposit a check.
Us bank's policy is to hold all but $100 of your deposit (unless it's cash) for 3 days.
Knowing this, i always cash my check first, then deposit the cash.
"in case the check bounces", they tell me.
Well if you already gave me the cash, and the check bounces, aren't you in even worse shape?
I've got the cash, you've got a bad check.
I worked at a bank, and i understand the point of holding a deposit.
But cashing the check leaves them completely defenseless, so why would they agree to cash it if ?
It takes more time and makes them work more, but if this roundabout method works, then fine, i'll do it.
Today though, i was told i was not allowed to cash the check and redeposit the cash.
"the check could be bad".
Then why are you willing to give me the cash?
"i'm sorry, i cannot cash this check and allow you to redeposit the cash".
Ok, can i deposit it and have all funds available immediately?
"no, it will be on hold for 3 working days".
Can you just cash it?
So she cashed it, and gave it all to me.
I can't stop scratching my head over this.
I said, "ok, i have this cash you just gave me.
I have this deposit slip in my hand.
Are you going to refuse to take this deposit of cash money?"
Yes, yes they did refuse.
I did some shopping, and came back again.
"i'd like to make a deposit".
They would not take my cash, to put into my account.
I've never had a simple transaction go smoothly there.
Don't get me wrong, the branch and its staff are just fine.
Unfortunately, her letter contains no contact info--no email, no snail mail address, and no telephone number.
I'm a huge fan of sunwest!
This location is definately the most convenient to get to besides the cactus branch.
The staff at this location is very friendly and always willing to help you out.
If you need a loan ask if you qualify...
They will be more than willing to sit you down and talk over some options you may qualify for.
I'm happy sunwest locations are open saturdays now!
I can see how that's awesome for those who work a five to nine job.
Now if they all had drive through windows!
No more parking issues since it is in another shopping complex that offers ample parking.
5 stars for me.
I for one am pulling for crypto currency to shut down all big banks.
The big banks can't manage money appropriately and often have to be bailed out by the federal government anyway!
If i could give this place zeros stars i would.
The service was more of a waste of time.
By the time she decides to call of course everything's closed and there's nothing i can do.
Worst bank ever immnot sure why i decided to bank with them in the first place.
Not to mention they like charging me for unnecessary things when they can.
I will not be banking with bank of america anymore.
The other day jaime helped me out and was super helpful!
Everyone i've encountered at this location are never in a bad mood and seem like team players.
Always assisting each other and their guests when needed!
Awesome staff and service!
Plus, midfirst is an amazing bank in general.
I would highly recommend midfirst and to stop at the location in chandler!
When i first moved to arizona six and a half years ago i got an account with us bank.
This review is strictly about one of the reps cullen.
Highly recommend him if your having any issues
This wells fargo location is amazing!
I've been in here twice and both times were great.
I definitely will be returning to this location as needed.
Just the worst service.
Stood in line 10 mins just to deposit 200 bucks into their customers account.
I go to wells fargo or chase and it's drop and go.
Then they needed to see my license to deposit.
This is why i bank on line and also a good reminder of why i don't bank here
They have the nicest security guard ever.
He greets you as you walk in and wishes you a good day when you leave.
Give this man a raise!
I'm jealous of the guy who used the atm before me.
'scot more money than me.
The best way to change money these days is just to withdraw it when you get there.
Fun times for everyone.
Glad it's right here, beside sharetea and beaver tails, both of which you should try.
The mortgage loan officer appeared nice in person but never got back to me about my application.
Do they not know filling out those extensive application form and gathering all financial information takes time?
And after all this stupidity, she wasn't able to help me.
I hate it when incompetent people waste my time.
Waste of our money really).
It probably made no difference to them but i just wanted to make a point!
Nice, simple, easy for a complicated transaction.
Should have gotten everyone's name.
They were all  professional and friendly
Worst bank branch in phoenix!
The tellers are rude and the assistant manager has no customer service skills.
At least give me a kiss next i'm getting f*$#ed.
I haven't even been a customer that long but i liked how the people here usually go above and beyond.
Took an hour to be seen to process a wire transfer.
Absolutely poor service due to low staffing
Greeter at the entrance was so frankish that she became slightly rude if that makes sense.
Very poor customer service.
Wow, after reading the reviews here on yelp i decided to open a bank account at pinnacle.
All i can say is wow!
I've never been treated so good by any other bank.
Personalized attention and a free checking account.
Personalized the way it used to be in the old days.
Do not trust this company with your money, and do not trust the "policies" the different locations will give you.
Especially from one of your employees named felicia.
She had a beautiful smile and was very curtious.
Oh, and bye felicia lol your company is lucky to have her.
11 people in front of me.
Piss poor on their part.
Payday should have two to three tellers.
Can't speak on the customer service because came here on a saturday.
I hoped there was an atm or branch alot closer to treasure island.
Unfortunately the atm that was at t.i.
Was closed indefinitely and i didnt want to use the atm's at the casinos bc of the $6.99 withdrawal fee.
Yeah call me cheap, whatever.
4 stars for saving me $6.99 and being the closest.
Maybe open one closer or add a chase atm on the strip for other customers.
This branch closes at 3:30 on most days.
That's ridiculous and unforgivable.
I will never bank through desjardin willingly and will be canceling the credit card i currently have through them promptly.
I always have a good experience at this bank, and it's been our bank for years.
The only thing i can't stand is the remodeling of the teller windows.
I can't hear what the heck the teller is saying to me, though they can hear me loud and clear.
Always nice happy people no matter what day or time.
Fast, speedy, friendly people.
Most like to chat, and when you come in the door there's always someone asking what you need today.
I also noticed they have coffee and cookies now.
One unfortunate event i had was when i needed checks and was sat down with this lady.
Don't know her name but she didn't care to service me and it really showed.
We were in a financial bind and cash 1 was there to help us when no other lending institution would.
Loans are generally $100 to $2,500.
Be careful and choose the amount best for you and bi-weekly payment.
Terrible planning on behalf of the branch.
I will likely never come back!
This chase bank has been at this location for over 20 years.
The tellers are friendly and quick and the personal bankers are nice as well.
I have never had any problems with this location.
Always clean, efficient and friendly!
Extremely helpful and fast staff.
They try their best to fix any problems and actually know what they are doing.
My only gripe is that the wells fargo internal system does  not give them the autonomy to fix everything.
Some situations are strange and require a human w/ common knowledge and not a computer program.
She is very professional and is in the process with helping me resolve a situation i am in.
I am happy with the support i get from bank of america.
I highly recommend everyone to signup with bank of america at this location.
This is my branch.
The assistant manager is so very professional and kind.
I sometimes can get frustrated with the company as a whole, but this branch is amazing.
I was with midwest before they became first merit and was very pleased.
Bmo harris bought out m&i.
The services got pricier and not as good.
How is factoring suppose to work.
You sell your checks to a factoring company and they pay you for them charging a percentage of your check.
You sign a contract with the percentage.
They also tell you they don't have any hidden fees.
The factoring company is going to call the companies you work for and arrange payment for them.
Also the rep you get only answers when they feel like it.
If i were you i would not factor with phoenix capital group.
Go to dollar loan center if you can.
Never have i seen other loan places do this.
I'm getting a payday loan not a mortgage!
Go somewhere else if you can, use this as a last resort.
If you are a stickler like i am for a treadmill with a tv then you wont like this ymca.
This location keeps the clean towels in a bin.
Geez just make this consistent with your other locations ymca so people dont do this!
But if you are in a time crunch and you work uptown you can get used to this tiny location.
Don't forget parking is free after 4:30pm!!
Great customer service from bofa banker gladis!
Very thoughtful and took great care in helping me with my questions.
It's annoying they think because i'm young i don't have a business or something.
It's kind of offensive.
The tellers are pretty nice though.
The good thing is that it is near my house but they need to work on some things.
I have always had great experiences at this location!!
Wanda is an account whiz and is extremely personable.
I used to be with bofa, customer service was 2 stars at best...  horrible account representation which made us leave.
Thank you  wanda k with chase for your continual help!
They give such difficult time for the students.
Lynn hennessy's experience with home, auto, and life insurance is second to none.
This office provides a service that is truly a cut above the rest!
I love that there is always a branch close by whenever i need them.
I made the mistake of going to this branch on a friday at 4:30 pm.
They had 2 teller windows open and i counted 23 people in line, with 4 greeters.
I had a simple check deposit and i didn't require a receipt.
I will not make the same mistake twice and won't be returning to this branch.
The employees are rude and unfriendly at this location.
They will lie straight to your face and do not follow through with what they say.
Try another location or institution for that matter.
I have been in sured by lynn hennessy for 12 years.
The passion these ladies have on educating you on insurance is amazing.
You can tell she is an agent who goes above and beyond.
I really enjoy working with lynn and her team, they work very hard and out of integrity.
That is hard to find in the insurance world now adays.
I love the customer service here.
They process patrons through the lines quickly.
They lost a star because of the horrid parking situation.
If you go into the office ask to not get nada.
Her customer service is horrible.
Not sure why she is working here with that attitude
Can't give zero stars, so one will have to do.
They then took the paper and said they will contact their atm company to have them come check it out.
Oh, no worries, take your time.
I didn't have any bills due in the next few days or anything...
Another scotiabank with useless hours.
Most days this branch closes at 4:00 in the afternoon.
On thursdays and fridays it is open till 7:00.
The door to the atm's is broken and has been as long as i've been coming here.
Though i don't see the point of those debit card activated locks these days since everyone has a debit card.
My comment is directed at bank of america in general.
I had been banking with them for 15 years, with substantial lines of credit.
Of course when times are good, they are your best friend.
But when times are tough, they dump you like a bad case of the flu!
I know noone will care about this review!
We all know the banks in general dont give a hoot about their clients.
But at least i will feel better.
But i will always remember the treatment they gave - cutting credit lines, closing accounts and suspending credit.
All the while while the feds bail them out!
So screw you bank of america!
They print like 50  pieces of paper before transactiin is done.
Their printers are slow too.
But the people are nice.
What i did find wierd is that i was looking at a moniter while she was working on my transaction.
It shows every camera angle on every customer.
I can see a man type his info on the little pad for a brief moment.
The staff here are great!
Some of them have been here for years!
If you want top of the line banking customer service this this rocks!
The staff is always friendly when i come to this location.
There is usually a staff member nearby asking if you need assistance and will direct you to the appropriate area.
The inside is well kept and clean.
I tagged along earlier while my friend and her kid while they made a car payment.
I had to deposit a check from one of my tenants anyhow, so it worked for me.
The kid is consoled, but what do we hear when walking inside?
The drive through teller is talking smack about my friend to one of the other workers.
Something about how it was "so rude" for her to pull away before finishing the transaction.
Excuse us for having a kid with us who can't time her outbursts more conveniently.
That's awkward....  and it's all completely out of line.
Two stars for this location.
They did not seem very knowledgeable, don't care, not efficient,.
We went there to change the names of the signing officers for a non-profit organization.
We booked an appointment, he did not show up.
We got different info from different staff.
Still trying to reach someone for help !!
This is the 1st time i dealt with bmo.
I am glad i have no personal account there.
I'll try to change the banks ..
I don't know much about $100,000 fishermen's loans in nova scotia.
What i do know is that this particular branch of rbc has been very easy to deal with.
When i showed up with all of $2k to start an rrsp, they did not laugh in my face.
You know what else rbc has going for it?
Their atms dispense $5 notes, not just 20s.
I don't have that problem.
I have maintained an account with wachovia (now wells fargo) for many years.
It's only in the past year that i've begun to question how much longer i'll continue to do so.
Especially since i have accounts at a few other financial institutions and i haven't had any problems with those businesses.
My experience inside this branch was so-so.
But i think i can say that about every wachovia (now wells fargo) location that i've ever been in.
My teller greeted me professionally enough, helped me complete my transaction, bid me farewell, and wished me a good weekend.
(it was a friday.)
Later in the evening, i was surprised to get an e-mail notification about my deposit and my withdrawal.
Which i knew i had not.
And why would i, when i had deposited cash?
I have another issue that happened at another branch that i will review under that branch.)
She then asked me if i knew someone named a______ m_______.
Suspicious to say the least.
They wouldn't divulge that information which i can understand but don't appreciate.
It took the bank a week to investigate and return the funds to my account.
Thankfully there were no overdrafts due to this unpleasant occurrence.
Note: this branch is now a wells fargo bank, like the all the former wachovia banks here in charlotte.
Dana and myles are the best!
We have a painting business in middleton and they have been extremely helpful for all our financial needs!
My go to gym during the week for several years!
The convenience can't be beat if you work uptown.
I've tried dowd, and the gateway location would be a hassle to jump on and off the trolley.
Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes, equipment, swimming, basketball courts, track, lockers and towel service!
Not sure of the management as the staff has been constantly changing here lately.
They closed the branch down the street, near church.
This location is clearly understaffed.
Plus compared to other banks, poor hours.
If it wasn't such a hassle i'd switch banks....
I absolutely love this bank!
Not with these guys!!
They definitely gave me a different outlook on banking!
Shout out to the teller, alex gonzales, for dealing with a rude customer.
I believe he did a great job handling the situation with a customer who does not agree with chase's policy.
He did it very professionally and very efficiently, especially during this busy holliday week.
He definitely deserves a reward, or a raise.
He represents the company well!
Dvcu consistently offers us the best rates.
So far, we have taken out four car loans and a boat loan.
The online loan process is simple, and our approval came back instantly after hitting the submit button.
I have nothing less than praises to give this credit union.
Always welcoming me when i walk in.
Also reopened my savings, great manager who gave me a temporary debit card when i lost my wallet.
Never had a bad encounter with anyone here & that says something.
Sitting here in the lobby as we speak.
Over packed with people.
Not enough places to sit and bankers walking around with smiles on their faces like nothing is wrong.
No sense of urgency, nothing.
This banking institution is an absolute joke.
This one is the biggest branch.
When and if it gets busy, the line still goes fast because they have a lot of tellers.
Very helpful and knowledgeable.
Would definitely recommend setting up an account through them.
The lines move fast and the staff are always really friendly and relaxed.
The building really does look like something out of a movie- it's always a pleasure to pay a visit!
M molloy provided a great service and was tremendously helpful throughout all three of my financings he helped me with.
He is very patient and explains the options and process very clearly.
I felt he worked very hard and went beyond to find the best mortgage option for me each time.
I always recommend him!
To be fair, i have only used the atm here.
I am sure everyone working inside is pleasant.
With all the hostility held towards banks now-a-days, this branch has been nothing but accommodating and friendly.
My initial review was lackluster due to how long i was held up.
Even the initial teller was nice, so their willingness to aid was not the issue.
Like a bonehead, i misplaced my debit card and had to get it replaced.
Danelle made it painless.
I like walking into a place, not care who i get, and leave not feeling like a number.
My husband has despised this location for years.
Ok ok i'm on board too.
Constant cutbacks always under staffed.
They no longer provide notary without appointment & it is only on select days.
Always trying to sell something.
If you want good costumer service... this is not the location for you.
Worst costumer service i ever had.. manager walks arround doing nothing and have 20 people waiting in line be ready
I reported fraudulent charges on both my debit and credit card which has completely tied up my entire life.
I am a young professional early in my career, so we all know that means i have no money.
I used my checking account to pay my credit card, which we had to cancel and order a new one.
If you would like to continue to have access to that little bit of money you have, bank elsewhere
I waited 30 minutes for a notary as he sat and laughed and chatted with two ladies.
I guess i'm not a customer and don't matter.
I went to this bank at noon on a friday.
I thought the service was prompt and helpful.
I don't know why everyone has left such bad reviews.
I liked the service.
The teller ladies all seemed so nice.
Don't believe every bad review on yelp.
I'd go here again.
What a bunch of crock bs!
I could see those people behind the counter and glass talking shit and you know who you are!
I'm so pissed with everything thing you put me through!
Tdcanadatrust closes a bank account i've had with them since i was 12 years old (26 years!)
Due to "60 days inactivity" (it isn't my primary account) and without any warning or notification!
They absolutely refused to re-open the account, even after i pleaded with this branches manager.
Complete customer service fail.
I find it a real head-scratcher as to why they would treat their long term customers like this.
Don't they realize we are internet and social media friendly/savvy (some of us very active) and vocal?!
Why would i want my clients subjected to this lack of customer service?!
I definitely left this branch not a happy camper!
Several days later i called the branch no less than 4 times throughout the day.
Their rates have also gone down and  no initiation fees anymore - yeah!
Throw in free classes and a pool and they beat a lot of places hands down.
If i could leave less stars, i would.
Went in to open an account and get a cashiers check.
This credit union is one of the best i've been to.
Every time i come in the lines move fast, the tellers are happy, and there are never any issues.
I have even considered switching because of the great consistency in customer service.
Why has chase closed all but two teller windows.
Stood in line and listen to the small talk.
Why am i forced to wait.
They closed the branch at fry's.
Really hate the wait.
Not a wells fargo customer, and now i know why.
I came in today to cash a check i received from a client.
They wanted to verify the check due to the amount (totally understand), but it took them over 30 minutes.
They finally did cash the check but wouldn't waive the fee despite the hefty wait.
Mayra was rude from the get go and had an attitude as if i was interrupting her day.
I'll stick with bank of america!
Everything good so far.
Walked in to take advantage of their new customer deal.
Such honesty is priceless!
No reason to bank anywhere else!
Update: turns out they dont allow transfering of money to family members that have discover bank.
Will change to another bank as soon as they paid out the $300 new customer bonus.
When i walked in, a pnc rep told me to sit in a chair and wait in line.
Then more people came in after me.
After 35 minutes of waiting, i asked the rep how much longer i needed to wait.
He points to two other customers (who came after me), and said they are going first.
I corrected him that i came much earlier than they did, and the other customers agreed.
But he still said i need to wait until they're done, because their task takes shorter amount of time.
I left after that, feeling frustrated, because i had other appointments.
Is that how queues work at pnc?
Please go to another branch or to another bank for your business.
Avoid this bank, especially this branch.
Plain & simple, (very)slow, rude, service and a staff that does not care.
It is obvious they are rated or paid a bonus by the number of accounts they open!
Very poor customer service skills by all i have delt with.
Overall rating ~ terrible banking experience!
The absolute worst with investigating fraud disputes.
I had my account closed out in 2016.
Immediately i start investigating.
I eventually find out there was some fraudulent activity going on with checks.
I never used checks ever!
So i immediately dispute it.
I find out they processed these fraudulent checks not once but twice.
How when the account was supposed to been closed?!
Then i tried to dispute it again they said i had to call the collection agency.
They said i had to contact the branch.
The branch then gave me another number saying it was disputes.
I called that number, explained the situation, they gave me another number saying they could help me.
I called that number and it was a recording for check systems.
Smh highly unprofessional and they don't investigate when fraud occurs.
And to think i was going to reopen my supposed to had been closed account.
Been with sce federal for almost 3 years now and love them!!
I am very happy with the service i get...
I don't feel like "just another customer" like at the big banks...
I feel like they actually care about me as an individual.
He goes above and beyond to make sure that i am taken care of.
His dedication to his customers is extraordinary.
I can't say enough about how awesome she is.
The teller was inefficient and unprofessional.
The store manager just stood back and watch.
I will never return to this branch.
Wells fargo may be the most crooked bank i've ever dealt with.
They have all the tricks in the book down.
Next time, i did it inside they said "you'd get faster results from the atm".
I've seen them (and i have documentation) hold a charge on my acct.
I'm guessing i've paid over $500 in fees this year already.
There are several lawsuits pending against them for doing just this type of thing.
They lost a $203 million verdict in california but appealed it (stalling).
Do not get an account here!
Extremely pleased with shaine and his team and state farm.
He provided exactly the coverage i needed without all the hassle and irrelevancies.
I like this particular branch of wells fargo.
The people there are always on it with service.
Atms have accepted cash every time i've been through.
Looking at the other reviews for branches looks as if i chose the best one around me to go to.
With atm's and everything!
Get cash whenever you want!
Seriously though, the times i've actually been inside, the employees were all very helpful and nice.
This bank is fantastic!
Overall, i would definitely recommend banking here!
Absolutely love this bank (how it is possible to love a bank, i honestly don't know).
The address given on the website is 4925 n. 20th st, phoenix, az, 85016.
Poorly ran years ago and still poorly ran.
Someone seriously needs to step in and figure out why this location has so many issues.
One-on-one attention, never crowded, use wells fargo atm...love it.
The worst atm's i have ever used.
Everyday there is a repair truck next to on of the machines because it is not operating.
I am not exaggerating.
It seem like everyday.
They even run out of cash at times.
He is a humble and knowledgeable banker.
You can tell he has a big heart and is non judgmental.
Arizona needs to keep their money local and not to the cut and dry big banks.
This place is a real time suck.
When i walked in to finish opening my account the receptionist told me it would only be about 15 minutes.
35 minutes later, someone is finally available to help me finish opening an account.
Unfortunately, the woman helping me seemed to have no idea what she was doing.
What should have been a five minute stop turned into an hour.
I am very disappointed in the service at this branch.
These people have no idea what they are doing and are incompetent.
If you have a lot of time to waste and enjoy dealing with clueless employees, you will love it here.
She said it would take about 2 weeks to come in the mail.
2 weeks later, still no checks.
I call up uwcu and they said that checks hadn't been ordered for my account at all.
Just another example of this branch's incompetency.]
I'm glad the rest of uwcu is not as bad as this branch.]
Other things i do not like about uwcu: they charge a fee to transfer money to external accounts.
I have accounts at two other credit unions that do not do that.
Also, i still have not received my checks.
We were looking to re-finance our truck loan and canyon state delivered.
Rate is awesome, service was excellent and we couldn't be happier.
Thank you canyon state!
I have had nothing but excellent experiences with them from account opening, to notary service to shared branching, etc.
Everyone is nice- everyone is helpful.
I would highly recommend them over any traditional bank.
I think this location is pretty good.
They wouldn't do it because we didn't have an account with them.
I had my receipt showing them that it came out of their atm 30 seconds ago.
They couldn't do it.
Are you kidding me?
Where has common sense gone?
Bank of ussr, not america.
I'll never use their atms again.
You're a joke, bank of america.
I go into the bank with a check that is written on a wells fargo account.
It has been endorsed over to me but they refused to accept it without the person's signature and id.
Maybe it's time to change banks.
I have a love hate relationship with this desert schools.
Some of the ppl are very sweet and some are not.
The walk up atm can read my card and the drive thru atm can't.
No other stares or atm's have issues reading my card.
The location is very convenient though and the closest 1 to me.
The parking is crowded and sometimes becomes difficult to drive through.
Avoid this bank if at all possible.
Have visited it twice.
The first time they put my deposit into someone else's account and it took over two weeks to get corrected.
The next time, i visited to talk to a banker and waited over 30 minutes before walking out.
+shitibank just plain sucks anyway.
But especially the tellers at the w sahara location!
I wanted to cash  check drawn on wells fargo.
I got a ridiculous run around.
The employees were: 1 rude 2.
Good and worst of all they did not care.
Stay away from this place.
They take no ownership for the quality of their suits after purchase.
The customer service is appalling.
I e-mailed their customer service department and they told me to go to a store and ask for a manager.
What a waste of time.
The manager was either so dis-interested in my complaint or incompetent.
Men's warehouse here i come.
Being sent in circles is not fun when i work 12 hr days.
Guy gave me attitude on the phone and chuckled like i was the one lacking the common sense.
I'll be cancelling my account with them the first chance i get.
This branch is great.
What makes it great is all the people working there.
They are quick, prompt and polite.
They always have smiles on there faces and they are actually helpful.
They aren't just annoyed at their jobs and passing the time.
Give them a chance and don't base your decision off the other reviews
I have used desert schools fcu for over 15 years.
In the last year they have provided the worst banking experience.
They're atms frequently are out of services.
Their process for deposits have failed.
They randomly freeze my son's account for debits that don't exist.
They had process issues over the holidays that block us from using our own money while on vacation!
The people they hire know nothing about banking and are not empowered to think or problem solve.
I have 8 accounts with them including a business account.
I have used them to finance my house and cars.
I will be closings all of my accounts and loans asap.
If you are looking for a great financial institution this is not it.
I wanted to sign up for their promotional checking account.
So i drive to the nearest one.
They have 3 employees.
Only 1 can sign me up but she is with another customer...... waiting 25 minutes  now.
Kinda second thinking wanting tro put money in this bank
I continue to have outstanding service at this bank.
What did surprise me was how calmly she handled herself.
I don't know that i could keep my cool as well as she did!
Sabrina no longer works here.
However, we have had wonderful service from eric as well as the branch manager.
If you want to be taken care of, go to this branch!
You can't really get much better than this for a gym in the immediate uptown area.
Make sure to avoid at your typical peak times to maximize the experience.
I like to block off an hour on my calendar mid-morning or afternoon and have the whole place to myself.
I always see one of our evp's around these same times, great minds think alike!
I had a horrible experience on my first and last visit to this branch.
Everyone i spoke with was cold, unenthusiastic, and did not show the slightest bit of empathy towards my situation.
The staff seem detached, distracted, discourteous and at times rude.
Let me just say if i could give a 0 star i would.
I recently visited the chase location last friday 12/1 intentions of making a large deposit.
When i arrived, i walked up to the teller chris and he asked what he could help with him.
I briefly explained i needed to deposit a check into my account, before doing so..
I specifically asked chris if it would go into my account right away?
If not i was going to cash it, he told me yes it would.
At this point i am very upset and question why chris lied and said it would be deposited.
He told me straight to my face that, i didn't ask if it would be deposited immediately.
First of all, you work in customer service you never tell the customer they are wrong.
In fact, i called the bank once i got into the car, and they were gladly to help me.
I would rather drive across town to a branch who can execute simple tasks efficiently and promptly.
You would think since they are so busy they would hire more competent people!
This is not my bank just cashing a check from a client whom happens to bank here...
Anyhow customer service is quality no finger prints needed to cash a check either.
No retinal scan no dna testing done either...
Pretty black and white.
Nice to have no hangups no 1001 questions to follow upon completing transactions.....
Smooth transition out the door and your on your way .. until next time......take care brush your hair!
I was greeted at the front desk with a luke warm hello from the staff.
I then went up to the cycle class.
I should mention the class was similar to flywheel with a leader board with tv's ovethead tracking each indiv bike.
During the class there was no mention of proper form or the use of spin shoes to enhance the workout.
I was also surprised that this was the atmosphere at the y.
I just opened a business account at this bank today.
Everyone is extremely friendly and helpful and makes you feel like you have known them for years.
I am looking forward to working with pinnacle bank for many years.
Nicole and jacky were also great!
My favorite chase branch, teller line always moves rapidly, plenty of parking in the parking lot.
This locale is within walking distance of my apartment complex.
The lobby area is nice but i don't go in very much at all.
Eat, drink, and be merry my friends!!!!
Bouvier is the man.
Really made me feel like a million dollar customer.
I went in looking for two suits and really had next to no knowledge on suits and suit fashion.
He educated me, enlightened me and ultimately made me look good.
I am feeling confident in my purchases and will be a loyal jos a bank customer for a long time.
Signed up with them a few months ago.
Really nice staff and locations.
Online capabilities are really good too.
I hate leaving negative reviews but i feel compelled to warn others.
This credit union is a joke.
In my 20+ years in a professional career, this has been the single worst customer service experience of my life.
Total lack of communication, follow-up, and service delivery.
If you are military and looking for banking resources, i highly recommend usaa over this place.
I was very happy with my experience here.
Even though my account is with a different out-of-state credit union, the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful to me.
Daniela was great at customer service, as was the manager assisting her.
I expect i will open an account with them soon!
Always a line here and always only one or two people serving customers...
Very friendly staff at least :)
What an amazing experience i had working with chad b!
He doesn't just do his job, he exceeds the standards.
I opened an account and applied for a credit card.
He was a huge help.
He walked me through the process and explained everything while teaching me some things i hadn't known along the way.
He has a great personality and a good head on his shoulders.
Wells fargo bank is lucky to have him.
If you see this chad, thank you :)
Went to pay my home equity loan today.
The greeter person was super helpful by telling me what i needed to go to the teller.
The tellers usually ignore you or have some attitude problem.
My employer has a merchant account at this location.
Which requires me to make daily deposits.
Every time i come here i get conflicting bs policy's.
One teller says one thing, the other something different.
The tellers are always rude, the location is under staffed.
You have trainees making mistakes on customers account.
I always seem to have to wait at least 20 minutes for a deposit.
I have worked with merchant accounts through wells fargo, b of a, etc etc.
With zero issues or complaints.
I am extremely dissatisfied with the lack of communication, organization and service i receive with this company.
I will be discussing moving our merchant accounts to another institution.
If you need a business account, this is the place to go!
We've worked with bryon and he is amazing.
Knows what to do to handle your account and make banking a breeze.
Totally worth the pain of switching banks!
I've had a bank account here for almost a year and my experience has been an ok one.
This is actually the first bank i've banked with and i think its been a good learning experience.
Honestly i don't think i'll be banking here for very long but until then this is a good starter bank.
I have been banking with wells for a few years now.
Everyone at this branch is always very nice and ready to help.
Shaine stevenson and team always helpful and on top of taking care of my family's  insurance needs.
Very friendly and there for us with any questions we have.
They bought my loan from b of a and the transition was terrible.
I began refi but then had to fix stuff first.
Now, i am supposed to close refi tomorrow and carrington will.
Not send pay out info.
They had 13 days so far and have not sent.
Customer service is atrocious.
I plan to make a formal complaint to the better business bureau once i am clear of them.
Do not do business with them.
I have been a customer with sce for many years and the service is always exceptional.
Thank you ludi for always going that extra mile for me.
Thank you kim, phil and patrice with all your excitement for me when purchasing my new vehicle.
You all made the process wonderful.
Sce beltway/sahara - a great place for banking.
The people in the regional business branches are absolutely wonderful they everything they do is customer service a plus.
What absurd processes they have.
Then when they transfer it out to a third party collection agency it is out of control.
Never have went inside.
Because usually they are closed by the time i am off work.
This place was amazing, staff was extremely helpful and professional.
I'm a big muscular guy so i had to go with suit separates and needed to have the suit tailored.
So they called estera bec (tailor on site) from the back who immediately started fitting me for the suit.
I needed the suit in a week and she said she will get it done.
My advice is don't argue with her tell her what you want and let her do her magic.
I wanted a nice fitted v taper look in the jacket and nice fitted pants.
I showed up the day before the wedding to try on my suit with shirt and shoes i brought.
The suit looked amazing.
Well fitted and way better than i could had expected.
When trying on the suit she commented on my shirt was way to baggy and fitted poorly.
Which she was right.
She asked when the wedding was and i told her tomorrow.
She sure did fit and tailor the shirt for me in 20mins.
All came out fitted amazing with that nice form fitted look i wanted.
I will always come to her as she is amazing and a huge asset to josh a banks.
I just discovered this branch around the corner from my house a few weeks ago.
At first it took a minute for me to find it.
It is located on the south side of windmill (across the street from bachi burger) in the vons shopping center.
Not actually located in vons but on the corner of the main building.
The building is pristine and looks to be fairly new.
What i like most about this branch is that (*knock on wood*) i've always gotten fast and friendly service here.
The tellers always greet me with a smile and are very helpful.
I think i'm going to make this my go-to wells fargo branch for the time being.
One of the better branches i've ever been for wf.
They were nice, knowledgeable and easy to work with.
I have had a mix of experiences with different branches--some were not great--some were so so.
The frustrated part is taking forever to wait for the line to move.
So many time i had to leave and go somewhere else, try to go to this branch.
I brought in my $29 worth of penny rolls.
Teller was helpful with no judgments and made little conversation with me.
I like when tellers genuinely ask how i'm doing rather than saying it like going through the motions.
Also great eye contact.
This place is staffed with competent and friendly people.
They handle things other branches can't.
Worst branch i have ever came to.
How in the hell do you only have one banker working.
Update... still waiting... another banker is here fat older lady just walking around talking being everything but helpful.
Fat whale came to tell me she would take her appt then help me.
Bitch you could have gotten my temp card in 5 min!
This branch needs better employees.
If you can get someone in don't say 10 min and expect them to wait for over and hour.
Respect people's fucking time.
I love going to this location.
People that work here seem to love their job and it shows.
Super attentive and willing to help with whatever grown up things you gotta take care of.
As a pnc customer, l love having this branch location close to where i work.
The employees are really friendly and the service is very good here.
I'm usually in and out in a few minutes.
This bank is everything i need.
I wouldn't trade banking with nfcu for any other!
I have never had a problem with them and their customer service is above other places i have banked with.
My only criticism is that i wish they had more convenient locations!
This is the only one in all of vegas.
Dwayne is a veteran professional in the insurance field.
He's a has a down to earth and genuine vibe and is a mentor of mine.
If i could give this place zero stars i would.
I have been banking remotely with chase for 8 years since i moved to hawaii.
I recently got married and needed to change my name on my accounts.
Since i was visiting family in vegas i wanted to take care of my name change in person.
I approached her by saying "hello, i was wondering if i could change my name with you".
She asked me if i had an appointment.
I told her that i did not.
She then responded with "well you should have made an appointment".
I asked her how long the wait and told her my situation.
She asked me if i had all my documents in which i told her i did.
She said well it should only take 5 minutes to complete your name change request.
She said she couldn't help me since she had an appointment coming in 15 minutes.
No, she said i could wait 15 minutes and if her appointment didn't show up she would help me.
I asked to speak to the branch manager, i was told he was not in at the moment.
Anyway they have zero customer service skills, i left because i lost my cool and didn't want to get arrested.
They even waived some fees to get money sent out.
I became a member of chase when it switched hands from washington mutual.
I banked with them a few years without incident.
One day i recieve a letter saying my account was over drafted.
I knew i had signed up for notification when my account balance was below $300.
Since i hadn't recieved any notices, the first thing i wanted to know was how this could have happened.
You can imagine how upset i was that this had changed without any sort of notification whatsoever.
Well, that was a mistake.
A few years go by, without anymore issues.
I was really stressed out over this.
This had never happen to me.
I had my debt card with me the entire time.
Chase was really great about it.
They assured me this happens all the time.
Criminals duplicate your card info onto a fake card and then use that card to go shopping.
They'd made purchases all over florida!
The thieves made out with $137 in transactions that went through.
Chase put this back in my account immediately.
Then it happened again 4 months later.
I got another call asking if i'd used my card at a gas station and restraunt in oklahoma.
No i'm here in vegas the whole time!
Thieves got away with 400.
Weeks go by and my money is refunded back to my account.
Chase is a private business.
Unfortunately i was targeted twice within months.
Do yourself a favor and don't bank with chase.
You know what a banker is?
Someone who lends you an umbrella when it's sunny, and demands it back when it rains.
Thus sums up my review of summit union
My experience at this chase bank started out in the parking lot.
I had to park right behind a bus stop that had some rather "unique" looking characters waiting.
It's nice to see that people can be rewarded for i conveniences even without complaining.
Thanks to her and her understanding id go back.
Thanks young lady, i appreciate ya!
Everyone at this bank has always gone out of there way to help us make good financial decisions.
Every time we go this location it is so easy and stress free!
We highly recommend this bank!!
Beware.. do not do business with bmo.
Erroneous credit file reporting and unhelpful staff.
Shocking drop in quality of service.
My family and i have been happy m&i customers for over 30 years.. but, bmo harris is ridiculous.
There were only 2 tellers and a lead teller.
I was 3rd in line and it was a 20 mins wait.
No employe greats you as you walk in.
I just felt like they need more tellers early in the day when it's the beginning of the month.
I've been a member at dsfcu for many years.
Frankly, i am appalled at how poor the tellers have become.
I have even tried writing my instructions down, but that doesn't seem to work either.
And they are incredibly slow.
It was too difficult for them to understand.
In my experience, events like this are the norm when i visit the credit union.
I've even addressed it with the manager and nothing has changed.
I had to give it a star to add my comment but i rate it as a zero!!!
The manager lacks common.
They dont try to improve or make progress towards what every customer complain about which is long lines!!!!!
I honestly cannot stand the way that bbv a compass slacks on their equipment maintenance.
I won't be with this bank much longer.
If i could give 0 stars i would.
I never go into the bank if i can avoid it.
They never have more than one or two tellers and you wait forever.
I just walked out after being in line for at least 30 minutes.
There were at least 10-12 people waiting.
You would think they could provide better service!!!
Maybe it's time to change banks!
Worst chain i've ever been to.
Long lines, rude service.
They aren't patient with people.
The underwriter there needs a serious attitude adjustment.
I researched banks and credit unions and saw that sunwest credit union was highly rated and had free checking.
So today i went in and opened the account.
It was a very cold experience.
I hope things improve and this was a one time experience....
I'm sure this story will continue.....
If you had asked me to review this bank 10 to 3 years ago i would have given 5 stars.
However, in the last 2-3 years the staff and turn over at this location is insane.
No one stays long and i can see why.
The culture is terrible.
From start to finish there it seems no one wants to work here.
The staff will help you, begrudgingly but not eagerly.
Then after i took care of another matter, i was told 30 minutes.
I left the branch that day knowing i would be moving branches, and calling corporate.
Stay away from this location!
On friday july 17th, i asked britney, a cashier, to pay me a $5,200 check in $100 bills.
After verification, she said that it would be no problem.
She went to get the cash and paid me in $20, $50 and few $100 bills.
I reminded britney that i had asked for $100.
Her answer was "i need to keep some for my regular customers".
Is this bank in financial difficulty or is it customary to keep only a few $100 bills in the safe?
She did not apologize and asked me if i needed anything else?
Fortunately for us, the customers, there are many other banks on the market
Twice in the past two weeks now they have stolen money from our account in for form of overdraft fees.
Even after they "graciously refunded" those fees it immediately brought the account positive.
So you can imagine my shock when they did it again.
***if you have an account with them, check your ledgers
Kept waiting for over half an hour for a simple wire.
Watched several employees chatting while we waited
I have been waiting in the lobby for over 45 mins.
I then told him i had been waiting too.... what the heck.
Customer service is abysmal.
Moved over from b of a.
This branch is friendly and fast.
Hate having to go to the bank, but at least this place makes it just a bit better.
Love their cookies too!
This is the friendliest wells fargo i have ever been to!
Every employee who comes across you greets you which is also very pleasant.
I've never been here before but i will definitely be back.
Went to the bank to deal with some change of address, etc.
And lorna was very polite, helpful, and efficient.
Best visit i've had and i've been a member since 2009.
This is great bank.
Remember when banking was personal well midfirst is what banking used to be.
Their friendly knowledgeable staff have worked with us on our personal banking and business banking.
I have recommended them to my friends and family.
They also have a great kids program for savings.
Their hours are great too open sat.
So far so good.
I've only been with them a day, but no fees if you have direct deposit have electronic statements.
I got a printed debit card right then and there!
The service at this location is always excellent.
The staff is practically falling all over themselves to be helpful.
If i wait for something more than a minute, i get profuse apologies.
We used their safety deposit box service which worked very well for us, and was always very easy to access.
I used the facilities at the ymca a few times during my recent stay at the hilton next door.
I appreciated that hotel guests got access to a full-sized gym instead of a dinky hotel gym.
I found the layout of the ymca to be cramped and a bit uncomfortable.
The hours make sense for the office environment but i really wish it would've stayed open later than 9pm.
The best part of the ymca is how clean it is.
Tried to open up two savings accounts for my nieces..they could not help on two occasions .
Been a long time chase customer..this branch is a joke.
Trying to give them my money.. can't do it..
Waiting 45 min on the line !!
Nobody care  the save money on workers and coustmer will wait !
Manger in the office drink coffee
All the workers see that there is a problem and are not creative enough to come up with a solution.
Tellers here are great.
They don't bombard me with the usual sales pitches.
Personal bankers are awesome about account issues and super friendly.
I truly feel like they present solutions and not just sales.
This is my favorite branch.
No eye contact or greeting for nearly ten minutes.
All it takes is, "we'll be right with you."
Although it was a few thousand dollars there was nothing i could do so i had to let it slide.
Today i went in to deposit $600.
The lady handed me my receipt with my balance but it look short over $1,000!
I'm glad i caught this!
I called and they fixed it immediately but who knows what would have happened if i didn't notice
The promo to try this card out helped.
Other perks are almost the same as most annual fee cards i.e.
Extended warranty, lounge access for a fee etc.
Some stores which are recorded as grocery stores/restaurants for other cards show up as a normal purchase.
Also the best usage for point redemption is travel purchases charged to this card.
One can redeem for other merchandise but its not worth it in my experience.
4 stars as this one of the best rewards cards out there with excellent perks.
They have opened a new world of banking for me with online banking .
Who's looking for a bank to do notarization on our sons cremation plot at the cemetery.
None of the banks do notary anymore have to go to ups or fedex store.
God bless you, thank you
Not my regular branch but they were on my way to work and had to make a quick deposit .
Nothing against b of a but they are pretty much super guilty of limited tellers and lines.
I'm sure it's part of them maintaining profitability but unfortunately customer service times are long.
Other than that they were great!
Despite the assurances of several customer representatives, i was unable to make any additional payments on their web page.
So, basically, they lied to me or they are just ignorant of how their own processes work.
Stay away from this company!
The lobby area has plenty of chairs & is clean.
There are few agents who care so much about their clients.
I have personally experienced the care and concern lynn had for her insureds during a claim.
Lines are too long and not enough tellers.
They have everlasting reps that are not taking customers just sitting and talking to each other.
Very bad customer service!
Better than taking out a loan a payday loan or going to dollar loan center.
Keep in mind, they check your credit with a hard inquiry every time you open/refinance.
10 customers in line and only 2 tellers.
I was #6 in line and took me 20 minutes to get to my transaction.
No management or anyone around.
Just sad experience for customers.
Very mixed feelings about this bank.
A clipboard sign in sheet gets passed around but isn't very obvious for first-time visitors.
I stood in the line for tellers before being told where the sign in sheet was.
Then waited 40 minutes to speak with someone.
I came in because i received a mailed promo card about getting a cash bonus for opening an account.
I'm not holding my breath, but i will be waiting to find it before opening a savings account here.
Lackluster customer service aside, the location itself is clean and apparently well-placed, as it was very, very, very busy.
The bank manager chris romero does not know about the products and was extremely rude after confronted about it.
This is probably the worst branch to go to.
In general, i advise not banking with chase bank.
Not only are they rude, incompetent, and disrespectful...
I had to go in and have it reversed since i was not aware that my account had been overdrawn.
I am currently out of work, so every dollar counts... and they were so rude and not helpful.
Totally not what i wanted and going into my bank.
I finally had them reverse that, but only after a fight with the woman i was told to speak to.
Completely unprofessional, will not be returning to this branch.
And i'm officially going to withdraw my account from chase and find a new place to bank...
Needless to say, the wells fargo branch at 51rst elliot has a lot to be desire.
Having said that, i went in to make a simple transaction after waiting in line for over 8 mins.
The teller was very dry and abrupt.
Furthermore, i ask to speak to the manager of the branch and i was informed that she was the manager.
With that said, this was not the first time that this individual had this attitude with me and other clients.
Therefore, for this reason i shall cancel my banking with this unprofessional bank.
I just went to this location and as usual i go to drive thru to do deposit for my company.
I had 4 deposits and i need $100 in ones.
I will take it this time but next time we won't cuz you are holding the line.
I look around to see if there cars waiting and there is only one.
We usually take only 2 deposits at window due to the busy traffic in this drive thru.
You guys need our $ to survive!!
Tatiana is rude n she needs to learn how to deal with customer better.
She has no management skills.
I will spread the word around.
Needed a signature guaranteed and my normal wf  branch didn't have an authorized employee.
Went here on christmas eve; promptly greeted by a couple of super friendly employees.
Waited just a minute or two and dallas york hooked it up; in and out and no fuss.
I would definitely revisit if ever in the area!
Answer unclearly in phones and then shirk responsibility to customers.
Long lines every time i come in.
Poor service and basically plan to spend 20-30 min here just to do simple action with the teller.
Chase bank has always been good to me.
Great service, always fully  staffed!
When we moved here from california, they were willing do what ever was necessary to make the transfer smooth.
They have a drive through atm, as well they also have a walk up atm.
I am a sold customer of theirs!
Our hoa also banks with this same branch.
When i became treasurer, they sat me down and explained and helped me about everything.
I really like how concerned they are about our accounts.
This review is for wells fargo bank at 4075 s fort apache rd.
Las vegas, nv 89147.
After ten minutes of id's, data entry by the teller, thumb printing, etc.
They were ready to cash the check and then they tell me there's a $7.50 fee to do that.
I asked her twice about that statement and she lied both times.
I then called the company that issued the check, and sure enough there is no "fee" that goes to them.
Ruth refused to speak to them to hear it from their own lips.
I asked that they waive the $7.50 charge, which is totally in their power to do so.
I then waited for the branch manager who basically said the same thing.
On a final note, there is a great employee there named andrew who was very helpful.
You'd think in the era of supposed "customer service" it wouldn't be worth receiving a scathing review for $7.50.
I've banked at bank of america for 25 years, and any problems that have arisen have been handled right away.
I know others haven't had the same experience, but i think they are much better than most.
This review is about bank of america policies and not any branch in particular.
Paypay sent me a credit against one of my b of a cards.
That was done on 6/25/16.
I see the credit sitting in my paypal account and it shows the card the credit is going to.
I called the bank yesterday, 6/27 to see when the credit would post to my card.
I was told the credit would not post until the account closed for the month.
I asked when that would be and she said 7/4/2016.
This should be illegal because that's my money and the bank just wants the interest on that card!
They are sure quick to post the charges though, aren't they?
Been with this location for the past seven years and can say nothing but good things about this place.
It used to be located inside vons, but they recently move in 2013 to a open spot next to it.
Their customer service is always on point and i'm always greeted with smiles.
I like this branch.
Always many clients but tellers are very experienced .
This is the  best run wells fargo bank i have ever been too.
The bankers are friendly and very knowledgable.
That why i have been coming here for years!
The worst bank to just come and deposit money it'll take 20 min with stupid 2 tellers  smh.
Being from out of town, it was nice to have just as friendly of a staff here, as back home.
Friendly, helpful and quick.
I wish that it was a little closer to las vegas blvd though...
This will be the 3rd time i've added a bank into yelp!
The bank of open 9-5 m-f and 9-1 on saturday.
It's a branch, so you can do all your transaction at this location.
I think this is the only nfcu in the vegas area, probably to serve the nearby nellis afb.
No fees for withdrawal if you withdraw from other credit union atm's.
On a monday there is 2 bankers to help and one teller open.
Over 30 minute wait to speak to someone at all times.
Always a line and there are only one or two tellers available to help customers.
There was a ton of people in line when i walked in.
I find that odd but if i had it in securities i wouldn't have wrote the check?
Isn't merrill edge owned by bofa, right?
So, instead of suggesting that i open a bofa account or finding another way to hep me.
They just wanted to sit on their hands and tell me how many different ways they simply couldn't do anything.
So, i went to a different branch and they were able to hep me.
I wasted my time at this location.
After having way too many problems with associated, my boyfriend and i switched over the uw credit.
Some one was available to do the process when we walked in the door.
The person we worked with was incredibly nice and seemed amused by our astonished reactions to their policies.
We have been using them ever since and haven't had an issue.
My boyfriend and i are still not used to it.
We're constantly expecting to screwed over, but it hasn't happened once!
The verify log in made linking to paypal and amazon payments a little difficult, but it wasn't too bad.
I love verify log ins so i'm pretty happy about it, despite the inconveniences.
If you're thinking about switching, i highly suggest making the plunge.
I'm mad at myself for ever dealing with banks when i could have been using a credit union.
You can get your debut card printed on the spot!!
The staff are always friendly and though there can be a long line of customers..
There are a lot of tellers!
Would not use this bank.
Unknowledgeable banker didn't know her own products.
Was a waste of time!
Wells fargo i am staying with you!
I went into this branch to open a business checking account.
I had all of the necessary documents on a thumb drive.
He actually told me that they had no ability to print the documents from a thumb drive.
He was obviously lying since there were computers on numerous desks all of which had usb ports.
I don't think big banks like wells fargo give a crap about small business owners or individual customers.
This branch seems particularly poorly managed.
I would avoid it at all costs.
This is a one star location.
Prepare yourself to be waiting for 30-45 mins.
I seen the person 2 in line leave just because how long they have been waiting.
Atm don't accept cash deposits either.
Even if there are spots to take cash in, there are no option.
Td's media team wants us to believe they're the best out there for canada.
They say that banking can be comfortable (have you gone through the mortgage process?!?)
And that they're voted #1 customer service for years.
Actually, to some degree it is.
This bank in particular is well staffed at the teller counter.
The line ups are never longer than 2 people.
The atms are my choice ... it's fast and i'm on there to get cash on the odd occasion.
The financial service reps are all helpful and they're willing to answer questions.
It's really to book an appointment here if you want to discuss something.
There are varying degrees of expertise so make sure you specifiy what you want done ahead of time!
Not all of them can do stocks, mutual funds, or big mortgage applications.
I've never had an issue with this particular bank and everyone is always pleasant.
So maybe banking can be this comfortable?
I hate this branch more than words can express and i try hard to never need to use it.
That's pleasant and relaxing.
This branch so clearly displays the glut of waste and poorly thought out business plans within b of a.
It's painful to watch old people struggle like this.
Why must you close the drive thru lanes that would really help these older people??
There is no way to even contact their customer service unless you have an active account number...  wow!
Talk about blatantly not caring what your neighborhood or community have to say about you!
Sad, pathetic business practices... b of a, you should be ashamed of yourself!
The young lady who assisted me was prompt, friendly and efficient.
I was pleased, especially considering it was a saturday in a busy grocery store.
Great service all the way around!
I was told i could not, so i asked to speak to a supervisor.
I was told none were available and they would have one call me back.
As of june 1st, no call back, so i called them.
When i said i didn't know, the csr hung up the phone.
I cannot believe they are still in business...
You could be waiting in line for a good 30 minute and nobody even apologize for the wait.
All the recent bad publicity about wells fargo is just simply not true.
I've been banking at the bell and tatum branch and i've always received excellent service.
Everyone there is very professional and courteous and i've never had any account opened without my permission.
Waited in line for 30 minutes.
Maybe they are just short staffed.
Looks like the manager is just walking around instead of helping people.
Next time i'm in town i'm going to a different branch.
This location is my favorite place to bank because it's not crowded and busy like other places.
On the inside...well, it's a bank, you can imagine.
They speak spanish and english.
The tellers are friendly and sweet; they always ask how my day is going.
Outside, they have a drive-thru, which, as always, is super convenient.
Overall, this is a nice, quiet location to get your banking done.
We all have a favorite place to bank and so do i.  i love banking with desert schools.
My husband and i have been members for years.
I love the fact that their notary services are free.
The staff there is always helpful and i don't feel pressured to buy into any of their services.
If you are new to the area and need a bank i recommend desert schools over all the others.
They need more tellers on site and available to help their customers.
Going to this bank has become very unpleasant.
Opened an account a couple of weeks ago.
Very good customer service.
Everyone greeted us with a smile and we were helped quickly.
We went in on a saturday--all branches are open on sats 9-1, which is very convenient.
We opened a few accounts and applied for a loan.
A few days later, the account manager called to tell us the loan was approved.
Here--there are no conditions.
They have a drive through location at this location.
They've also recently added e-banking and online bill pay.
They don't have mobile deposit yet.
We switched from arizona federal credit union.
Two years ago, az federal started charging membership fees which i can only describe as very un-credit-union-like.
What's worse is that they spend $ on ridiculous tchotchkes and promotions.
I'm interested in banks lowering my fees, expanding hours, making e-banking easier, and giving me a decent rate.
That is what sunwest is obviously spending their money on.
I really appreciate that--they aren't wasting money on things that don't matter.
Overall, it's been an excellent experience so far.
I highly recommend them.
After having been through a few national banks i have finally found a great branch with amazing tellers.
Sec is a great bank that offers amazing service with great banking options.
I literally have had nothing but great interactions with this branch.
I could not have received better support from the folks at the credit union.
As we were leaving, chris gave my 8-year-old star wars stickers, and talked (and really listened!)
With him about a video game he is playing.
My son was beaming!
A potentially boring trip had a definite highlight.
(he told me that the bank errand was long, but not boring.)
I recommend this credit union near the capitol.
And i feel at ease that these guys!
They know what they are doing, and i am sure we (especially my traveling daughter) will be in secure hands.
Very friendly and customer service oriented.
Ryan p. & eric h. took great care of me.
I was very impressed.
Knowledgeable staff makes getting questions answered easy and fast.
I would highly recommend them.
Shaine stevenson's office is always quick to help with last minute requests and get the info we need!
They jump right on the task and get it done!
It's always a pleasure to work with them!
Horrible time management at this location!
Lack of professionalism for guests waiting in the lobby.
I went to the atm this morning.
The place was quiet--sundays are always good for that.
I don't go to this branch very often unless it's right where i'm going.
There are other wells fargo branches that have better parking and ingress and egress.
Since i was on my bike at the drive through, it was an easy in and out today.
I would avoid at all cost, unless  loss of the home purchase or refi is the goal!!
I have closed literally dozens of mortgages on many homes in the past few years.
Expect to spend 80 plus hours at your desk sorting through their questions - but not at one sitting.
They'll dribble it out 3 or 4 times a day for a month or more.
Seems to lack any internal communication or common sense.
They even wanted to know if i had a loan on a vacation rental from 25 years earlier!!
These guys are a joke, create tremendous stress, and are most unprofessional.
Not sure how they ever closed a loan without sending their abused client to the crazy farm!
What a pleasure and great experience!
The branch manager marshel was excellent and took care of me.
Very professional and great customer service!
What a breath of fresh air after having a nightmare experience with bank of america.
This chase branch took care of business painlessly and professionally---the way it should be!
I greatly appreciate your wonderful customer service and professionalism!
If i could give this bank a zero star..
Because im a 5'2 , 120 lb girl..
I dont need nor do i want any bs like that..
Does my bank believe me..
I will say that most of the money has gone back into my acct.
But not without alot of headache by me.. and i am the innocent party here..
I simply detest this bank.. and as a person who was frauded.. all of this was uncalled for..
I dont recommend this bank to anyone..
I just joined here, and i love it.
I've never really had to wait for a machine, even when it's "busy."
Probably a convenient location only if you live downtown, like i do.
Very clean, very friendly staff.
Great customer service here.
They are so helpful and always see to your needs the moment you enter the bank.
Come to this branch and they notarize your documents in no time, free of charge...
Great experience every time i go to this location!
Cassie has been a great help and i definitely  recommend her if you have to go in the branch!
I will be going to this location as long as i live in vegas!
Honestly not great service,  i open account here and some teller are ok, but manager lady last name o'brien rude.
They not making us any favor, we are putting money here, in tired overall to be in this branch
My last interaction at this branch was beyond frustrating.
In an attempt to finalize a few matters dealing with my late husband's finances, i requested assistance at this branch.
I understand why they did not help.
It wasn't that they could not.
The customer service i received at this branch was the proverbial straw.
I finalized my business with wells fargo yesterday.
I'd give this place one star, but they have a convenient atm.
I've gone here multiple times before i realized somehow there was a location up the street on charleston.
I should have been going to that one all along even though it's about 5 minutes farther.
I will start off by saying i love navy federal.
I have been told numerous times incorrect information by the same individual on several occasions.
Terrible service from the lobby woman rosa.
I personally have never had any extreme problems with wells fargo until today, especially in customer service.
She said we don't have bags and i looked at her flabbergasted.
I was once again was shocked how a simple problem could be resolved.
Jessica said, "we can't do that because it has the company's logo on it."
During that time, some other teller found an empty $300 quarter box and gave it to me to use.
Meanwhile, i asked to speak with him and she told me that he was in a meeting.
I told that is ok.
I will give him a call later.
Liat then told me that he just got out and directed me towards him.
I inform him about jessica's rudeness and service.
All in all, i would not go back.
I would rather go somewhere else where i was treated better.
The squirrel hill branch is great.
From the manager down to the tellers they  care and are professional and get the work done.
Their online banking interface is great with quicken.
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Called them and they said that it works perfectly, until i showed them.
4th time i have asked for a supervisor to call and got no call back.
I walked into this bank at 4:20pm on a thursday afternoon.
Quite frankly, the worst bank experience ever.
I will never return to this bank or any branch ever!!!
This is the slowest bank of america around.
It is insane how slow the tellers are.
It is aggravating that they are short staffed all the time.
I cannot believe i am yelping about a bank, but here is why.
About 6 years ago i was with another squirrel hill bank.
I swore up and down that these guys new what customer service is...the i moved to pnc.
I was wrong about my bank.
At this branch:  -you get a greeting every time you walk in.
If the desk welcomer isn't there, through esp or something, a non-teller employee will shoot you a very happy greeting.
-a bank sans tellers?
Also they are freaking so sweet your teeth hurt when you're done.
-forgot your account number?
Give 'em your debit card and they will fill out a deposit slip for you.
-ascetics...this place looks like gringotts from harry potter, but no ugly goblins here.
I get calls from them about once every 2 months (not annoying, but don't feel ignored) to diversify my money.
Want to say "no", no worries.
But, pnc feels like they actually care...yeah!
Good ol' customer service.
A+++++ i will never use another branch or bank!
Words can not express how greatful i am for the shaine stevenson office staff.
From the moment you walk in you are greeted by warm smiles and immediate attention.
Everyone there is knowledgeable and the smiles make you feel right at home.
I appreciate the kindness you all showed me and my daughter on our previous visit.
From offering us water to giving her paper and markers to color while i handled my situation.
The customer service was top notch!!!!
I feel honored to say that i have the best state farm branch!!!
Keep up the great work!!!!!
This location works at a turtles pace and there's always only 1 teller working...never has change either.
Kind of ridiculous for a bank!
I swear as much as there's many people working there.
There's alway a waiting of 10mins or more.
You sit in the waiting area and would look aimlessly hoping someone will greet you.
But no one til you're called on you.
But when you're in their cubicle, things goes smoothly.
Every single time the staffs are very friendly and i love it.
They are prompt once you sit down in front of them.
But the initial greeting just isn't there.
Making a really bad first impression.
So i tried to dodge going in as much as i can.
Doing most of my business with the drive thru atm machine!
I walk by here often, and the outside has never been unkempt whenever i've strolled by.
The staff were rude and unhelpful in this scenario, and the bank manager never came out to speak to me.
This is a huge disgrace that one bank can have such a high rate of a violent crime.
It's an okay branch.
Just needed to deposit some money, in and out of the branch in less than 5 minutes.
There was a security guard on-duty when i visited this afternoon.
It's right across from chandler fashion center off loop-101, easy access anywhere.
This location is quick and easy to get to.
Just wish there were more locations in vegas.
Customer service is always above average.
I've been with state farm for 3 years thank you for always being there for me.
Never go inside and do almost all my banking needs through the atm.
This one had two drive through atm along with 3 drive through if you needed to use the teller.
The hubster and i came here to drop a ridiculous amount of change in the change converter thingie.
It's free for anyone with td account, otherwise they charge something close to 10%, which is pretty fricking steep.
The lineup to deposit was pretty long, but it was a saturday afternoon.
The teller was friendly and helpful.
Good little branch locates beside smith's on corner of tropicana and jones.
Manager is helpful, all employees are nice, several kiosks open but usually one person working the line.
On 3/16 i used my debit card to pay for my prescriptions.
I knew before hand that it was going to cost quite a bit of money.
The clerk charged my account for 1,200 dollars which was the mistake.
She immediately electronically refunded the money to my account.
This morning 3/19 i received an alert telling me that my fund is below my set limit.
I immediately logged into my account ; i found the charge and did not see the credit.
"well this is the rule.
You be the judge is this a rip off practice and a stupid rule or what?
I've banked at this credit union for over a year now.
Recommended it to several friends whom also bank there now.
Tellers are pleasant; service is fairly quick.
You can get a debit card the same day you open an account, and funds deposited are usually available immediately.
They also have a great app for your phone that allows you to check balances and make transfers with ease.
Typical chase, although i don't know why they don't have branches on the strip.
Hard to find a fair and reliable freight factoring company these days.
I definitely trust pcg!
Clerks are polite but also efficient & quick in what they do.
Never had a problem.
Bmo is the worst bank i have ever dealth with, dosen't matter which location.
Will be taking my business to td instead.
The worse bank of america location.
Manager didn't know how even system works had to ask other employe to make sure what it takes.
They have now removed both drive-thru lanes due to not enough people using them.
Guess it can be good and bad at the same time.
They still have a armed security guard standing outside the entrance.
I've had to deal with the mortgage group and this included a remodel loan rolled into the mortgage.
These people have proven themselves total idiots.
The verbal disclosures when answering direct questions have been murky and in fact after closing found to be patent lies.
Especially make certain that any escrow docs have all language for funds disbursement stricken and rewritten to your advantage.
Not paying your contractors and subs....not a good thing.
Have milestones described in detail or you will get into a pissing contest over completion percentages.
As soon as you are done...refinance.
It's worth the extra expense.
I walk in needing help and i'm turned away being told i need an appointment.
I make an appointment and the banker is not available when i arrive.
My time is not valued at all.
I wish i had.
It brought my business from bank of america to chase
Very helpful tellers and bank officers.
True, staff has been cut down, but that's not the branch's fault.
Staff is very pleasant and capable.
Close to home and convenient.
I like the no fee checking they offer which no other bank in phoenix offered me.
No minimum balance to maintain.
I find them very friendly efficient and professional.
Back before i was cool, i was a corporate cog (how's that for alliteration?).
This rarely happened, so now you see how miserable i was with my job.
Scotia tower is just massive and oozes power.
As i was taking photos outside, a security guard came over to me and said i couldn't take pictures.
I couldn't take pictures of the outside of a building?
T was so mind-boggling weird.
This is my favorite center city ymca.
It's extremely convenient, being that i work in 2 wells fargo.
But even when i'm not in the office i try going to this ymca.
Usually about 6-8 bankers, with nothing to do, while the line is always atrocious!
I've asked several times, if they can call for more help, and the answer is always, "sorry.
We only schedule 2 tellers, during the week.
"there was 9 people deep, in line, this morning.
Only 2 tellers, as usual.
Seriously thinking of switching banks.
I'm glad i never moved my important accounts to goldwater   highly disappointed.
Been going to this chase for years.
Apparently they no longer offer a notary service.
In addition there was a 20 minute wait to see a banker to make changes to my account.
Meanwhile they have 2 people standing around to book appointments...
This is very bad management.
May be taking my business elsewhere if other branches cannot compensate.
This place has amazing service.
Just left from bringing my husband in to get fitted for a suit.
Candy, one of their associates, picked out some wonderful options and had a great eye for matching pieces.
She was very positive and happy to help.
If you need some guidance and want something that looks nice, definitely come here!
1 teller for 15 people.
I have been in like for 20 minutes now and i was 3rd in like.
And the useless person that walks the line asking what you are doing today is the stupidest thing i've seen.
Get behind the desk and be a teller.
Screw all of you.
Resting in the wells fargo tower, you'll find this older, but newly remodeled, modest ymca.
The staff here is super friendly.
Much of the equipment is new.
The lap-pool and lorckerrooms were recently updated.
They offer numerous group exercise options, etc.
There is a walking/running track that hovers above the center court on a secret second level.
In addition to the track you'll find an area for cycling classes, more workout equipment, etc.
Within the lorckerrooms are saunas and steam rooms as well.
Parking is in the deck off of mlk.
Just keep in mind that the validation is only good for 2 1/2 hours.
The orange and green levels of the parking deck are designated for y visitors.
Check it out if you're ever in need of an uptown workout.
It's a great spot before or after work for persons that commute to the area daily.
Ironic that this is a credit union, known for holding thousands of dollars of individuals money.
Absolutely terrible customer service and makes you question entrusting your hard earned money with them.
The service is good but this location doesn't have lockers.
If i could give less than one star for this institution i would.
I had purchased a used vehicle and this was the only institution the small dealership used for financing.
My rate was lowered 4 points.
That isn't the bad part.
A few more weeks passed and i saw $255 was taken out of my account via ach by tri boro.
They stated the ach department was never notified.
I asked them if they had interdepartmental communication.
They stated no and that it was my fault because i was supposed to call and tell them.
So i asked if they could refund me.
They said no i had to drive out there to get the money.
I live 45 minutes away or more from all their branches.
I explained i would just put a dispute in with my back.
Eventually my bank got me my money back.
Everyone i spoke with at tri boro passed the blame to me and were very rude.
Most unprofessional institution i have ever had to deal with.
Do not go through them.
My wife has an account here.
I just sit in the car most of the times.
She is always happy with the service she gets here.
Only hang us as with most banked now they have closed the drive up teller.
The part i get most benefit from is we can get money for europe and other countries we travel to.
The bank i use most does not do this so that is a big plus for me.
The times i have been in everyone has treated us we.
Quick in and out most of the times.
God forbid you actually need a service such as a notary..
Try doing as they request and actually calling the main phone number for this branch to schedule an appointment..
It is a complete joke and you will never speak to a person.
By far the best cu i have ever been with.
Account setup was easy.
Got a call from member services providing me my account information as well as how to navigate their online system.
They offered me additional credit services that i also qualified for.
She asked if one of her members could contact me at a later time.
She took my account info and i was contacted by a member later that day who helped assist me.
I used this atm to make shared branching deposits because my credit union is so far.
I have had several issues with their atm after hours, but just recently i finally learned my lesson.
It was around 9pm in a friday and i was making a cash deposit of $500.00.
I had an early morning flight and need to get the cash in my account.
I inserted twenty $20 bills and one $100 bill.
Their raggedy atm ate up all of the 20s in my deposit and spit out one ripped $100 bill.
No receipt or anything.
The screen just said error and the lights on the machine all turned red.
I had to reschedule my flight and get back there first thing in the morning before they opened and wait.
I was able to speak with the branch manger and he told me the same thing.
I wouldn't use this atm again nor would i use dfcu or desert schools as they weren't very helpful.
I was leaving the bank when a roach that was about five inches long crawled across the tile.
One star, only because i can't put zero stars
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
I was looking for a new business bank for my small business.
My wife found comerica bank by reading the rave reviews online.
I went into the central and osborn location and was blown away by their amazing customer service.
They spent almost 2 hours with me helping me get the proper paperwork to open an account.
Based upon my experience i am also moving over my household personal accounts to this bank as well.
I highly comerica bank and especially the brank at central and osborn.
Rich rigali husband of kelley h.
I visited on monday 10/31 and was assisted by a banker named deorella.
I visited again on tuesday 11/1 only to find out the check was forged and cashed.
Deorella helped me open a case and provided me with details on the forged check as well photocopies.
She had also introduced me to the branch manager to provide with further assistance through out this case.
It is friday 11/4 and the amount has been credited back to my account without any fee.
I just wanted to thank deorella for all her help and personableness.
She was extremely patient and willing to make sure my needs were taken care of.
They had money in the 24hr atms.
Card activated on the door entrance during non-business hours.
Easy location on decatur, about 2 miles east of flamingo.
Wish i could give them zero stars.
My husband and i had a bad experience at chase ended up closing our accounts and coming to wells fargo.
He took my id and went back to helping his customers.
The manager, average height blonde woman, came over and asked what the issue was and we explained.
She said she was going to get my id and we would be helped by another banker.
Mind you an account was created under false information provided to us.
And she was irritated with me?!
Ivonn and lashala made the best out of the situation while mark and the manager completely failed in customer service.
Especially with all the news going on about wellsfargo creating fake accounts.
2 drive thru's (atm)  i've only been inside once but the service was prompt.
(i was the only customer, so i guess thats good).
I use this location more so for the atm.
They have one on the inside as well that's open on the weekends.
Clean, never broken "out of order".
So, that's always a plus.
I have been a chase bank customer for years, this particular location is close to my house.
This branch is spacious, well lit, clean and the customer service is great.
Chase has added an inside atm machine for deposits, withdraws, etc.
I will continue to be a chase customer.
And while that can be a plus, they are generally slow and often have new employees.
They offer drive-thru service and have more than one location.
I have been a member of 1st bank since last november.
Absolutely recommend banking at 1st bank!
We couldn't have found anyone more helpful!
Candi was there every step of the way to help all of the guys find just the right suits.
Her follow through was excellent , and we are so appreciative of all she did!!
These people have been so much help, any rapid cash i have ever gone into has always been really helpful.
Thankfully, they were able to help me in an emergency situation.
Now that everything has been taken care of i will look into rapid cash if anything ever comes up unexpectedly.
Took 1 hour and 32 minutes to see a banker to change my name on my account.
There a plenty of desks available but sadly like so many businesses the desk are empty and customers service suffers.
This is a very poor managed store!
I went in to order 6 custom suits for my wedding.
It took over 3 hours to even begin the process.
Every suit came back wrong and did not fit properly.
They had to be redone and even then, the grooms did not fit.
There was a different person working every time.
We spent thousands and it took month to get this figured out.
We finally got them back 5 days before the wedding.
Will never go back to this store or invest in them.
These people are awful.
They are rotten and antagonistic.
They lack any semblance of basic human decency.
They are just so incredibly rude.
This is very problematic in a world where we are all so busy.
It's really pretty sad.
I would recommend finding another financial institution that can provide better banking options with better customer care tactics.
It is a horrible experience every time i have to deal with the people of this institution.
I fully regret ever doing business with this terrible place.
The quality of their service really put the phrase "don't walk, run!"
Linda dyster and her staff are super helpful and always very professional.
Been with this agency for over 5 years.
If it wasn't for the long lines, this place would be 5-star bank for sure.
The past few times i've been here, the lines have been horrendous.
The 20-30 minute wait times are absolutely ridiculous.
Too long of a wait.
The one teller that is working has been helping a business client with change for 16 minutes at this point.
Luckily i'm the 3rd person in line and waited 20 minutes.
When i left i counted 15 people in line.
Very poor customer service and this isn't the first time.
I am very disappointed with this team's 'focus on selling' and the lack of follow-up (and to details).
As a new resident to las vegas, i acquired new home and car policies recently.
Additional comments 9/15/17 - changed from two stars back to to one.
Today, i received a refund check for my policy, noting that my car policy was indeed terminated.
This experience has been intolerable and unacceptable, and it's absolutely nuts to mistreat a longstanding, responsible client in this manner.
Didn't follow through on what i was told would be done, wasting my time in the process.
I've been a chase customer for 6 years.
Get your act together.
Yes, it is a bank but it is my neighborhood bank that has fast friendly services.
Besides teller service they offer all banking services to meet your needs.
This location is on the corner of 7th street and glendale.
There is plenty if parking and a drive thru for quick access to your cash.
Never had any problems only to receive outstanding customer service.
Very rude and unprofessional!
Today  went through the drive through against my better judgment and the teller lost my drivers license.
Wells fargo should just shut down this branch!
Great location and clean gym.
Joined this ymca when i began working uptown.
Fully equipped locker room offering convenient way to shower before heading back to the office.
Great variety of machines and indoor pool.
Can see basketball court and classes from machines.
They offer a variety of classes, from yoga to zumba to weights.
Also have indoor track.
Great gym and great price!
Nancy was patient, compassionate, and extremely knowledgeable.
She was also very helpful and kind and was able to give us all the information needed.
As we were leaving that day, it was pouring rain.
One of the other bank employees helped us to the car while holding an umbrella over us.
That is amazing customer service!!
Can i tell you how much i love my neighbourhood.
I really love it, amenities at all corners, close proximity to all ttc transports, and uber safe.
It appeared that my fears were for naught as i am now home safe and sound with cash in hand.
Thanks largely in part to the exceptionally well lit building, and the friendly security guards flanking every corner.
Honestly i probably looked the most menacing in my hooded raincoat and boots.
Bottom line...don't be afraid here, the interest rates are more frightening than the bank itself.
Lynn is my life/health/disability insurance agent.
Made to wait 15 minutes in first position in line because the teller wanted to flirt with a customer.
They were understaffed at the time.
The only reason i was in there was because the atm outside was broken.
The building was empty.
Worst bank of america i have ever been to.
First off, the lines are ridiculous.
There have been times when i'm in line for more than 45 minutes because they'll have only 1 teller working.
Oh, but they have sufficient payroll for a greeter.
-.- i agree with the dozens of random customers i've been in line with, there's no need for a greeter.
Please employ more tellers!
Your customer needs it and cannot always wait 45+ minutes because you only have one teller working.
Secondly, i was pretty ticked off today because i got a rude teller by the name of nick.
He gave me attitude the entire time i was there and was so inconsiderate.
And just in general maintaining a certain level of customer service.
I gave him the iciest, miranda priestly death glare i could manage and said, "oh.
To which he finally realized what i was talking about and fished it out of the trash can.
Get some manners and focus on doing your job correctly and efficiently!
Lose the attitude while you're at it as well.
No customer appreciates it.
While i'm at it, beware of the greeting lady.
I've seen her be very rude to customers and snapping at them.
Idk where boa found some of these people, but i'm over it.
Too bad i'm stuck coming to this bank so long as i work for the store i work for.
Oh, also, zero stars.
I went in to have two $20 bills changed into 8 $5 bills.
They wanted a 5% service fee.
I enjoy this location because it's laid out well & isn't overly expansive.
It's got just enough of what you need without getting you lost.
Pro-tip** they validate parking in the wells fargo parking garage.
I've never done business here, yet i get junk mail from her weekly, addressed to me soliciting my business.
Stop with the junk mail already!
Even my shredder is sick of seeing your name.
I have been a member of credit union for as long as i can remember.
This credit union is seriously going downhill.
I called member services about a question on my monthly statement.
Recently someone put a skimmer on the atm outside the credit union.
I had to find out about thru a kdka link on the internet three or four days after it happened!
No one contacted me.
It was not even posted on the website.
Makes sense that the members should have been notified so they could keep an eye on their accounts.
How about reaching out to all members before they are breached?
Or at least make people aware of it so they can monitor their accounts more closely?
Too bad i didn't read the yelp reviews prior to placing an order with jos a bank.
Their buy 3 program to get a 'deal' sounded wonderful with no addl.
The only problem is one of the shirts i ordered was on back order.
It seemed like no problem since i ordered well in advance of when the gift was needed.
I received one email within a week informing me that particular shirt would be shipped in one more week.
Still no problem because i ordered well in advance of when the gift was needed.
That was 3 weeks ago!
No additional emails from this company!
I sent two emails one week apart to their 'customer service department' with no reply!
I then called their 'customer service department' and was placed on hold for 19 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously.......................the key word here is customer service!
I told her i can understand that, however, i have been waiting for over 3 weeks now.
There is no excuse for that.
I also will never shop at jos a banks again.
I should have shopped at tommy bahama's as i have in the past.
Take your money out!!!
Pnc robs locals and low income folks with high unnecessary fkn fees!
Join any local credit union!!!
Credit unions offer better services to the community for no/lower fees .
Pnc is literally robbing folks.
This is how major banks work.
They make money off investing your money while charging you high fees every step of the way.
Worth the drive from surprise:).
They also tell me there is a mobile app for those times i can't get away.
I've always been spoiled by tcf - thank you!!
Great service , very helpful and respectful service,highly recommend!!
I got into the bank and got an immediate service ,the guy was very helpful and fast!!
The tellers are always super nice and helpful.
And i'm sure they put up with a lot of nasty customers at this location.
I logged onto db only to find that now the entire check i deposited was on hold.
This means that i will now be charged late fees and/or return fees from each of them as well.
So, i visited the bank and spoke with the nice gentleman in the video.
In the meantime, i'm shit out of luck.
Way to go db on your stellar customer service practices.
I work in uptown and decided to go to this location vs the dowd to avoid the crazy crowd.
I go around 6pm every day and i never seem to have a problem with getting on machines or equipment.
The locker rooms are nice and big, plus you can rent lockers.
They also offer free daily lock rentals from the front desk, but they only have a limited number.
They recently updated their elliptical machines, and the majority of their equipment is fairly new.
I love that they have a stair master (maybe 5), as well as a variety of treadmills (10-12).
There's also a nice 1/9 track up stairs, along with a cycle studio.
In addition, the basketball court in the middle of the gym is great for people watching ha!
What really draws me to this location is the size of the gym.
It's simple to navigate and i never have to fight for a machine.
It's convenient, clean, updated and the staff is super helpful!
My experiences here have been fairly painless although i dread having to park here.
Overall, this is a pretty basic bank.
This bank might as well be closed!
Since there is only one teller handling the drive thru and front office everyone is crowded in one small section!
Where's my right to privacy!?
This place is the worst!
I complied with everything he requested of me in a timely matter (again, to get this done soon).
A whole month went by and i hear nothing!
I'm sitting there calling almost everyday leaving vm's, emails... not only to jonathan but to the branch manager.
No reply back for almost a month.
Keep in mind i'm sending emails to jonathan.
Finally i call another branch spoke with what turned out to be jonathan's previous supervisor.
He was able to get a hold of jonathan and advices him to call me.
Being the professional company that they are, i received an email!
Not even a phone call but an email, after almost two months.
Immediately i called his supervisor left a voicemail to get a call back.
Again no call back!
This place is horses*hit!
Oh and f*uck you jonathan!
This is by far the slowest bank eithvthe longest wsit time i have ever encountered.
They are completely under staffed.
It's next to zabas(love that restaurant) so whenever i have lunch it's convenient but it's slow.
Best agent in town!
Dwayne and his wonderful staff have assisted me with renters/life/and auto.
Whether i was living in the state or directing me to another agent near me.
Keeping someone i could trust close to me when moving around for school and work is very important to me.
Give them a call, i know they will take care of you!
Even though i have not been a fan of pnc in the past i am very happy with this branch.
The people are friendly, polite and efficient with whichever problem you come to them with.
The waits are short and hassle-free.
Great branch, will use again.
Manager even seems to either be oblivious to everything or doesn't give a s***!
Isn't there anyone else working here?
Time to finally switch banks.
Clean, well organized store, and the staff there is very helpful.
Marlin is the man.
Pnc bank is pretty ubiquitous across pittsburgh (guess what the p in pnc stands for).
This particular location has a convenient atm outside of the building on 18th.
Street parking is a bit rough in the area, but the lot across the street is super cheap.
Everyone seems motivated but there is a huge lack of skill.
When dealing with a problem no one seems to know what they are dealing with and act unprofessional doing so.
I checked out the yelp "nearby" feature on the android app to locate this branch.
I was here the week prior and cashed the check, no problem.
This last time i went, i was greeted, and everybody was extremely friendly and nice, like always.
It always takes some time to get the check authorized, but it's never an inconvenience.
On this occasion, when i took my check to get cashed, it was the normal routine.
Hold on... a fee??
Teller-"uuugghh, are you sure..?
**supervisor walks over**  teller-"i'm sorry.
We do cash those for free.
Would you like your $2 back?"
Me-"......no, you guys keep it.
Its just a fee i wasn't supposed to be charged."
Supervisor-"okay...sorry"  now why wouldn't the supervisor just reimburse me the $2 immediately?!
No questions asked, no confusion, nothing.
I understand it's only $2, which i obviously left to rapid cash, but it's the principle of the matter.
I think from now on i'll just go to walmart where they also cash "money network" checks for free.
Yeah reason i am taking and closing my account with this bank .
Customer service very poor.
The greasy haired, hispanic young woman who helped us was rude and had an attitude.
She was mean and condescending to the gentleman before us; it was a fair warning, we should've left then.
The other older, red haired woman there refused to help either of us; and didn't even acknowledge our existence.
Save your time and drive to the one on sahara, they are superior in customer service and satisfaction.
Again, i prefer the dowd ymca because it's huge and has pretty much anything you'd ever want from a gym.
I head to the gateway y when i need a quick treadmill work-out or lift and nothing else.
The uptown y provides a nice middle-ground.
There's a half-court basketball set-up, which allows for pick-up games and shooting.
I prefer the full-court action at the y, but this isn't a bad alternative.
The best thing at uptown branch, though, is its huge pool--great for laps and other water workouts.
Check it out: it's impressive.
Overall, this gym has a really new, clean feel, which is obviously something you'd want from a gym.
Never too crowded, either.
I have no problem with the services navy federal provides.
Their on-line banking access is outstanding and very easy to use and navigate.
I do have a problem with getting into to the craig road branch.
The parking is atrocious.
Also, don't try using their atm machines between 11:00 am to 12:00 pm every day.
Just a very inconvenient location.
The bank is crooked.
I would give the zero rating if i could.
I found they had switched my account several years ago.
I went in to complain and the manager said it wasn't his fault or the company's fault.
I told him i wanted a refund of the fees but he said "are you kidding".
Now i find out they this was a company wide fraud.
Don't trust this company to correct things at anytime in the near future.
Super nice tellers, walked me through the whole strange experience with me feeling moronic.
Would love to this bank on a heartbeat but too far to go now, not.
Any other branches in vegas i know of.
Drive thru was fast and efficient.
Lines were not long either.
Teller was very friendly.
Location is not very busy all the times just on thursday and fridays of course.
Mostly in the afternoon when people are getting off.
Worst bofa in az!!
No one understands the concept of 'customer service'.
Employees are overworked and manager is incompetent.
This branch is closest to my house.
It's nice when a neighborhood bank treats you like a neighbor.
I have always had good customer service here.
When i needed to have something notarized, i was able to see a notary without waiting.
There was no charge.
Tldr; this bank is fine while you are living in the city that you opened your account in.
Don't expect much more from there on forward.
This is the most disappointing bank i have ever used, i must say.
I mean i would think this is the most basic common courtesy.
Furthermore i was told that these sort of "courtesy" calls would be given to customers from their "personal" branch.
Lol, the glowing reviews below mine must be fake.
I've banked with wf for over 5 years, mostly at the downtown branch.
I found them to have predatory policies that take advantage of people with limited income.
The personnel seem extra polite but will politely rob you and leave you to die.
I'm opening a credit union account today, anything has to be better than these robbers.
There must be a new manager at this bank and she has no customer service skills.
I use to love coming to this branch all the tellers are so nice.
This manager is horrible and rude she talks to fast i can never get her name, maribel??
They have really good rates with their loans and friendly staff.
Services are accessible remotely online and they give reimbursement on any of the atm fees.
If only i was willing to do more business with bofa.
The teller was very friendly and not pushy at all when he learned that i was not a member.
Just a girl trying to cash a check.
Very clean, friendly and personable staff and i got out of there pretty quickly.
I do not think there is one bank in the entire wells fargo chain that's decent for customer service.
Forget doing a business account.
Use any other bank other than wells fargo.
Valerie, the blond woman who wears pencil skirts, is apparently the manager...and everything people have written about her is true.
This branch totally sucks.
The tellers (never more than 2!)
The last time i was there...big line, plus merchants.
One teller was helping [sic] with a transaction that was complicated, long, drawn out, and required assistance.
The other teller stepped in!!
And while she was distracted the next person in the merchant line just stepped up!!
(usually when it's busy, the merchant teller will take a regular customer after a merchant transaction.)
Valerie, who at the very least, could've kept both tellers working...was just hiding behind the glass.
And you know those personal bankers (an appt.
Time means nothing to these clowns,) are on facebook, surfing the 'net or checking their email.
Why can't they step up when it's crazy busy?
Plus, how hard is it to figure out that on friday afternoons you might want to bring in extra staff?
When i did have "words" with valerie, what was her suggestion?
Wow my 200th review!
So much pressure... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  hard to believe i could like any bank.
But this one branch of a wells fargo bank definitely is an oasis in this desert town.
Even during christmas and right before any holiday they provide good service.
Others, like me, don't mind going online, or use their drive up atm.
It's a small bank that really gets to know its long term regular customers like my relatives.
Overall it's a relatively pain free banking experience mainly cuz they're quick.
Parking is easy, and it's in a decent neighborhood conveniently located near wal mart and albertson's grocery sotres.
Jm at the beaches location is exceptional.
We are fortunate to have found him and secured an good rate.
Whenever i need my checks cashed or to make a deposit i always come to this location.
It's down the street and i always get awesome service.
My dogs love this place as much as i do now.
This is my favorite ymca to work out on saturdays and sundays.
The facility is clean and recently remodeled.
Parking in the building is validated on saturdays and weekdays after 4:30 pm.
Even most other days, it's generally less packed than the dowd down the street.
The ymca's as a whole in charlotte are better than a lot of other gyms.
Just awful service all around.
I bank with the main giants.
Wells fargo is one of those giant banks.
I am going to review the service of the location.
So if you want a review on the evils of big bank america, you won't find it here.
I needed to get some documents notorized.
I remember hearing that wells fargo did this for free if you have a certain account.
I sat and waited for the the associate to come get me.
I only waited for a few minutes.
I sat next to a kid who looked like he was getting ready to be interviewed.
I was then greeted by the well fargo associate and went to his office space.
His name was paulo and he was a financial advisor for wells fargo.
He was very friendly.
I was happy that i didn't run into anyone that looked like they hated their job at this branch.
We had a long conversation which was great.
I have two small children so an adult conversation is always a breathe of fresh air.
Overall if i needed to do some banking at wells fargo i will most likely be at this branch.
If you are in the area check them out.
I just left this branch after opening up a business checking account with manny ramirez.
I can't say enough great things about him.
He was easy to talk to, did not push any unwanted products, and had great all-around customer service.
Thanks again manny, look forward to doing more banking with you guys in the future!
Julianna at the south rainbow location made the whole process easy and was very helpful with the entire thing.
She made me feel very comfortable and confident in the loan.
It was my first time and honestly i was weary at first.
But thanks to julianna it's all good... tell julianna jeremy powell sent ya and you will also receive a bonus..
Do not do any business with this branch or any other us bank branch.
Home loan department are snakes and they will pressure you into signing even though it's not what's best for you.
No escrow account setup even when it was specifically requested prior to signing.
Now they want 1400k and increase my payment by 300 a month.
Thanks for nothing us bank
I've been with sunwwest for 4 years now and have been consistently happy with the service they provide.
I always recieve friendly customer srevice, timely respnses, and will continue to bank with them.
The staff is incredibly helpful and they know customer service.
Joey is very professional and personable, as well as the rest of the employees.
On an average monday here, both the general and merchant lines can get pretty long.
They usually only have 3 tellers open, and sometimes even the merchant line will get skipped to help other customers.
Pretty ridiculous, yet avoidable if they would just have all lines open, at least on mondays.
I use this wells fargo for business banking and i have always had great customer service here.
Sometimes the lines can get long but that is the case with any bank.
I've had a navy federal account since i was 2 years old.
I avoided the lines by not going on popular days like friday-monday.
Try going mid week or off hours and you can practically walk to the head of the line.
The complaints on the staff seem out of place as well.
I've always been greeted at the door by a hello and a smile.
At the counter the tellers are equally as approachable and willing to go the extra mile for you.
The atm out front is well lit and easy to use.
I haven't been to the new location yet but that should help elevate some of the line concerns.
Even if it doesn't i think the most time i've spent on line has been ten minutes.
Almost forgot, it is a credit union and their rates on loans and mortgages are phenomenal.
If you qualify for one you will have a hard time beating them.
Best in town, never known a bank that will go out of their way to help you.
They have helped me out of so many jams, can't say enough great things.
Guess the 5 stars tell it all.
This branch is located just off the i-10 and dysart.
This is a good location if you're over in the far west valley.
I've only ever used the drive-thru, but the tellers are polite and they get you through fairly quick.
Wish my wife would switch banks!
When we moved to surprise from cali.
We had to close our accounts and reopen them in arizona.
When we tried to get our new debit cards, wife and daughter had no problem.
But i had to go back three different times to reapply.
To this date i still have not received my card.
Again they said there was a problem on their part.
I just said to shove it up their a**.
It's my wife's account so i really don't use it anyways.
If you want better service go to chase or another bofa location.
An awesome employee named rashad helped me we was a window clerk.....
This chase branch is literally the worst branch to ever exist.
None of the tellers know what they're doing.
My boyfriend has had a tremendous time trying to get his own money back into his bank account!
Use a chase elsewhere, there are much better ones out there.
They won't lose your money
We are super grateful for the advice, service, and time.
The biggest problem we have is lack of communication.
The lady at the counter was supposed to call us today, haven't heard a thing from her.
So i called and ended up talking to some bozo in god knows where!
She finally comes back & says "we have a counter offer for you".
So then my husband asked about the loan they advertised and the woman says "well, you weren't approved", huh???
Not approved for the lower interest loan, but approved for a "counter offer"???
They get you in the door "promising" great rates, but it's bs!
As i said my husband has excellent credit!
So what's the deal???
One of the worst cu's i've ever dealt with!!!
Even though last night at 8:30 pm my account had well over $1400 that apparently wasn't good enough!!
Sorry that i rated you a 1 because there is no zero option!
Very satisfied with their service.
Had the pleasure to deal with omar mendez and his manager.
They were both fabulous, answered all my questions and solved all my banking problems.
Definitely went above and beyond.
A+ for customer service.
We transacted a loan from one wells fargo account to another.
Those are the facts so judge for yourself.
Very shady if you ask me.
Waited more than two weeks to process new application applied on line.
Only one person seems to be able to open accounts, , he is standing at the door taking names.
Another lady behind a desk behind the door and at least three tellers.
Tells us there is nothing he can do.
I don't like the unnecessary wait nor no attempt to resolve the issue.
Just makes a company look unreliable and very unorganized.
Is this something new at banks not accepting cash.
For goodness sake is cash, what's wrong with cash?
Yelp needs an option for negative stars just because of this bank!!!!
The worst bank ever.
This is the first gym i've been to that doesn't provide squat belts.
I have asked numerous times and it seems like no one will order this basic piece of equipment.
This was a terrible experience .
I will never open an account here .
I was standing in line trying to deposit money for my brother and the manager was berating another customer .
I have never seen anything like this.
They treated me with sarcasm no smile and wouldn't even maintain eye contact.
Never will i ever endorse them as a even a decent bank branch .
No one likes to answer the phone at this location either.
This company is a joke.
I get better customer service at mcdonald's.
This bank is amazing!
The customer service is bar none exceptional.
Great service is beautiful.
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
I love credit unions, but this is the worst one i've ever dealt with.
I bought a car and they underwrote the loan.
Ever since, i have had difficulty paying them.
It sounds crazy, but they make it quite difficult to actually give them money.
They will not set up autopay unless it is out of one of their own checking accounts.
I don't want/need another checking account, i'm happy with the credit union i've been with for the last 15 years.
There is no option to pay online unless... again... it is out of a checking/savings held at firstcu.
I tried to set up payment through my own bank's payment service.
I am told that this credit union does not accept electronic bill payments bank to bank!
My bank has to cut a physical check and send it using the postal service.
They are having the opposite effect.
Today i went and talked to my usual credit union to re-finance my car.
I'm not even trying to save money.
I'm doing it just so i don't have to deal with these idiots anymore!
Won't be back to this location.
The branch itself is conveniently located, parking easy, nice inside.
I came here a little after 12p on a wednesday- there were only 2 windows open, both helping customers.
The tellers seemed to both have a really happy friendly attitude.
However, when i got there i was the only other customer.
All i had was a simple check to deposit into someone's acct.
It's one thing to be super busy & slammed during rush hour.
It's another to be completely dead yet oblivious to your customers- smiley or not.
I avoided a nearby branch inside a grocery store (fry's on 7th ave & camelback) & chose this one..
Thinking a stand-alone branch would be better.
I realize you may not have been open long, but you need to run a tighter ship.
9:15am one teller for merchant services and everyday customers.
Counting out a business deposit for 10 minutes now as the line behind me grows.
One customer service person to answer customer questions.
Asked, no one is late, one is at training..god forbid they cover the shift.
This is a very busy branch.
Whoever does the scheduling needs to be fired.
This one is a smaller branch that you may just miss if you are walking by.
There were only two teller wickets open when i came in.
I had a large cheque to toss into my account.
The cheque from from another bank and i was prepared they'd put the whole amount on hold.
I got to the teller almost immediately as there was only one person in front of me.
She reviewed and cheque and listened to my plea.
Unfortunately, my recent history didn't show any cheques of such caliber from that payer.
"let me see what i can do," said she and ran off to fetch the manager.
The manager came in, reviewed my case, and asked me how much money i needed right away.
I told him the amount i thought they'd have no problem releasing.
Wow, you just asked the right guy!
I showed him my phone with the yelp open and the first line of this review entered.
Well, it took 2 months to get my title after paying it off!
Come to find out it took dscu a month to process the payoff and send the info to az mvd.
This is really unacceptable (most banks are 7 to 10 days).
Pretty rude customer service too for the few times i have gone into this branch.
Definitely the worst credit union i have ever dealt with.
Stay away - there are better places to conduct your financial business.
There always seems to be a promotion for opening a checking account.)
I needn't have bothered: there really was no advantage.
On this trip, i tried to wire some money from the account.
Now, isn't it terribly confusing to customers when you have 2 different policies in 2 different branches?
Is there a third policy when i go to a third one?
Multiple times i've stood in line inside this bank for 30 plus minutes because they have one teller open.
Oddly they have several other bofa employees who just walk around saying hi to all of us standing in line...
Does bank of america have no regard for our time?
This is my local wachovia branch.
Cars often line up at the drive-through atm, but luckily, the branch finally installed a walk-up atm.
There have been many bar-hoppers who have walked through the drive-through in need of some cash.
I'd normally be somewhat indifferent to a bank branch, but i had a really great experience with this one.
I was paying for some jeans on a recent day when i realized i didn't have my debit card.
I retraced my steps and realized that i never got it back from the walk-up wachovia atm.
I got to the branch and the manager was very helpful and friendly.
They had my card and within a few minutes, i got it back.
I just moved to vegas a month and half ago from california with a credit union.
I've been here twice and they were able to break down my big bills for me.
Wow i guess this is how chase treats members of the community.
I'll just have to go the extra mile and bank at wells fargo or b of a.
I must say that td canada trust is canada's best big bank.
Although they have the abilty to flex oligopoly power, they do work to serve the customer.
This is why they win jd power award every year.
I personally give td 3-stars meaning they are ok, but not exceptional as compared to non-bank private enterprises.
Had to take a star away because the wifi here is so shoddy.
I won't believe i'm the only person who has problems with it.
Service is pretty horrible.
Problems logging into the website despite knowing my password and username.
Do not have a mobile app, which for 2016 is pretty inconvenient.
Over all it has been a pretty bad experience.
I got there at 2:30pm and the bank was completely empty.
When i asked to have the pages notarized the banker asked how many and i let her know.
She told me she was the only banker there and each page had to journaled so she couldn't help me.
Good reason to find a new bank with employees who understand they have to do all parts of their job.
I have always liked credit unions and the uw credit union is no exception.
I replied they had increased the non-ira savings and cd rates so the argument had no merit.
While they have great customer service, their non-competitive savings rates are a turn off.
The service is always absolutely top notch, specifically joe, who i seem to always have as my teller mid-day.
And whenever i've had any problems or questions, they are answered quickly and friendly.
I would not only recommend uwcu, but this branch.
Been with them since i started working about 8 years ago.
Love the friendly bankers and now both of my daughter's and husband have opened accounts with them.
Love the app so i don't have to go in to deposit checks
How can you not give this bank a 5-star?
It opens on sunday, most banks don't.
It extend their business hours mondays thru fridays, most banks don't.
Really enjoy banking with this bank, check them out.
Apparently it's so busy here no one can answer the phone.
No matter what time you call during their business hours.
Since no one wants to answer the phone.
The lines are always terrible.
There are never enough tellers.
When you're waiting in line for 20 minutes, it sucks to watch the managers just standing around instead of helping.
I opened my first bank account and credit card here at 16 years old.
I still have my measly little $300 credit card, yearsssss later.
I had three late payments over 7 years.
My fault, but due to incredibly stressful situations and starting as a special ed teacher (i.e.
No paycheck that summer as i was also a college student and couldn't take on another job).
Besides the 3 late payments, my credit report and debt to income ratio are sparkling.
But the late payments dropped my credit score a lot.
And they took the max amount of time they possibly could as allowed by law to even reply to me.
My father who is a disabled vet that served 2 tours in vitenam war can't get an acct!?!
Because he is a disabled vet not retired or active!!!!!
I waited 50 minutes to get a direct deposit slip from a banker.
Two separate walk-in customers who arrived after me were helped before i was.
All i wanted was a sheet of paper.
I definitely won't be coming back to this location for my banking needs.
This y attracts a professional crowd, which makes sense since it's in an uptown hi-rise.
I come here m-th, and mainly use the lap pool.
Terrible...one teller working every time i do banking here!
Line super long even on week days due to lack of teller to assist customers!!
I have been banking with chase for a long time but their service is getting worse and worse.
I really the service could improve so customers don't have to take their money to bank elsewhere.
Sad, just plain sad.
The salesperson was kind of rude.
Nothing overt but far from friendly.
I was shopping for a sport coat and they had zero in my size.
Ok, i'm not tiny tim but no 54s?
I too was suckered in by the buy one get 3 free.
Well, not if there is nothing that fits.
Two coats being tailored now.
I go to this location a lot because it's close to my house.
The tellers are pleasant enough and always give my children dum dums.
They've never given me any trouble about deposits or withdrawals & i love their envelope free atms.
They'll accept coins as long as they're rolled and will give you the rolling papers to do it.
If you don't have enough to make a roll, they'll happily count them for you.
I wouldn't do anything more then basic banking there...
The staff are nice, but absolutely useless.
I opened a new account and it took 3 weeks to activate!
They gave me no explanation and made to effort to investigate.
What a waste of my time!!
I love this place thus far!!
They have great customer service and remember who i am every single time.
That nowadays is as rare as a unicorn lol!!!
Over all i love it!!
2 thumbs up  if i had more i'd put more up ha
Last two times in i waited 20 and 30 minutes in line.
Everyone in line was visibly frustrated and the personal bankers were just hiding and doing nothing.
Only two teller windows open both times, that is bad staffing and management.
Will be moving to a credit union asap.
Great customer service at this location.
As soon as i walked in i was greeted and was asked if i needed any help.
I've been banking here since 2011.
I've moved multiple times since then to different states, but the shared branching has allowed me to stay with them.
I'm very happy i have.
I trust these people.
I live in california but sold my car to one of their customers.
I called to verify the cashier's check and got nancy.
She was super polite and helpful even though i'm not a customer.
I was nervous taking an out of state check for such a large amount, but i feel much better.
I always get great service here!
The staff is friendly and attentive!
They really make you feel at home!
The worse bank ever!
They are a bunch of crooks like bank of america and chase.
I no longer bank with them and have decided to switch to credit union.
Ponja was amazing and quick to help us resolve issues.
Very understanding of the situation and handled it efficiently.
Though i may not like the bank their service was faster than many of their other branches.
This location is the worst branch i've ever been.
Hate to go to this branch.
Wish there was zero stars
I brought back a shirt that was sitting in the back of my car for 6 mos.
I live in california but my son lives in scottsdale,az.
It was still tagged and i had the receipt.
The man that helped me did not hesitate for a moment and gave me a gift card for $60.
The full amount of the item.
Granted we spent over $900.
I believe he was the store manager.
If he was not he should be.
Old fashioned customer attention & service.
They need to train the staffs at "mens whse.
I usally walk out after after minutes of walking around.
This is where we come for all our important events.
To make matters worse, there were 9 employees on the floor at once while i was waiting.
I was never greeted, never acknowledged, and never was served.
Good luck getting them on the telephone.
I tried calling and will only get voicemail even during the business day, during business hours.
Not necessarily what you want when you need to get in touch with your insurance agent.
This office is absolutely fabulous!
I had the pleasure of working with logan when i called to tell them i wanted to switch insurance companies.
Logans response time in a call or email was impeccable.
I went into the office to sign the papers and the whole team was genuinely kind and sincere.
Thanks for your help and great work team!
I have recommended you since and gladly will again!
This branch is the closest to where i work, and therefore the branch i use the most.
I've had to do multiple money orders/card replacements/account opening/account merging operations here and never had any problems.
I've been visiting them for years, and see the same friendly faces regularly.
I appreciate that, and i think it shows well.
Drive through banking/atm's as well as a 24/7 outdoor atm available.
Sending kudos to roberto borges the customer service manager (i don't know where he's located) !!!
I was on the brink of tears after being told something that apparently was misinformation.
I gave this poor man hell and he didn't deserve that.
Lol  thank you roberto for everything... you were amazing with a crazy lady on the phone.
I pray this gets to him.
Drive through is closed.
When i asked about it, the girl gives me quizzical look and says, "it's been closed since june."
How am i supposed to know that?
They have two parked cars in the drive though which appear to make it look open.
Probably the worst customer service i have ever experienced at any bank, anywhere.
As others as mentioned, the queues inside are terrible.
But even worse is telephone support.
Basically, it is absolutely zero because no one ever answers the phone.
I recently spent two days, over 200 calls, trying to get through to a human and have yet to succeed.
If i could give them less than 1 star i would.
Next time i am in mesa we will absolutely be transferring all her assets out of this useless place.
I don't know   how the tellers put up with me !!
This is the most mismanaged bank of america of all.
Her cheap shoes and bad dye job dictates that that is not the fact.
Wouldn't let my partner (who is a wells fargo customer) use the restroom.
I personally have had bad service there as well.
They need to properly train the staff on customer service badly.
Good bank, fast with loan processing.
Associates in tucson on the other hand are great.
This credit union is some what decent.
Wouldn't chose it again knowing what i know now.
They gave us an auto loan and got stuff confused and mixed up.
Long story short, go more corporate if your looking for more professional services.
Since joining the cu 10 years ago the customer service keeps getting worse.
I had an issue with my atm card and had to contact with them by phone.
The branch staff isn't very service oriented and i have been super disappointed with them.
I am so glad to have accounts with a commercial bank.
Went to midfirst bank today for the first time & met andrea hathaway who is the asst.
Go in and talk to them.
This bank has 5 star employees!
It can be tricky to get here if you work 9-5.
Marsha, pam and stacey greet all their regular customers by name when they walk in .
All 3 are very helpful, experienced and courteous employees.
Drive through is a quick in/out.
Awful customer service, wouldn't give them no stars.
These are in of those incidents that you believe or at least look at past reviews.
There truth in what people saying.
Banker: gonzalez your awful smh
Look no further for an ins agent...larry and his staff are always so attentive to your ins needs.
Not only are they your ins agency they make you feel at home when you stop by or call in.
Hands down the best!
Last time i will bank at this branch.
It is incredibly frustrating every time i come in to do a merchant deposit.
Quick, easy & great customer service.
Not my part of town so didn't know what to expect.
Someone greeted me at entry & directed me.
No line, there were more than enough tellers open.
I always go to other locations and it proves my point.
Line out the door and no sense of urgency when customers are waiting.
I have been a member of this bank for a very long time.
I have been coming to this particular branch for a few years now.
The staff here are always very friendly and willing to help.
A few of them even recognize me and know me by name.
If you are looking for a bank to join, this one is definitely one that you should consider.
This bank has its ups and downs for me.
My 3 star rating for this place is a shakey 3 stars.
It really depends on what teller you end up getting.
Your requirments are lame and i already have an account with wells fargo.
(quick side note: i cash my check because cash is king!!!
And i use the dave ramsey envlope plan.
Enought about the bad and annoying few tellers that wont get off my case.
There are a few great tellers there that i make sure i go to.
Nothing wrong with my credit score!
Wells fargo is going to judge my good record when they just fired 5ooo employees for fraud!!!!
Please being your $$$ to chase or us bank!
That's what i did.
Remember.. don't deposit more than 250,000 at any one bank due to fdic insurance limit.
I've used this wells fargo for years and have always had prestigious service.
I've only ever had two problems with my accounts and they quickly fixed them.
Everyone is always extremely courteous and happy to help.
They are always on you're side and want what is best for you.
Thank you claudia for not only doing your job, but actually caring.
I have been with tri boro fcu since 2005 i believe.
It appears everything here is going downhill.
They keep moving closer and closer to home office.
If i wanted to travel for banking purposes, i would go with another bank that is a distance away.
Also, tried several times to set up mobile banking, and it has never worked.
They expect my husband and i to both make it in the bank at the same time.
Not convenient for location or those who work 8 am to 6 pm five days a week.
I would not recommend this establishment any longer.
Glad they value my business.
Based upon my experiences, i would say steer clear.
This bank is very convenient and close to my house.
He also gives my dogs treat and me a lollipop.
Definitely makes going to the bank a lot of easier.
Made an appointment 10 days in advance to get some documents notarized.
This is not the first time we've had horrible service at this branch, but this is perhaps the most annoying.
Friendly and helpful staff.
Clean interior, not as nice as some of the other branches interior design but it's still a great bank :)
Went in to pay off a loan via shared branching.
Needed to have them fax confirmation of cash payment to my credit union to expedite a title release.
I've now called five times and still not had the confirmation sent to the proper receiving party.
Long story short: i will never do business with this institution again.
Horrible, the manager was talking to a lady clearly saw me and my daughter waiting to speak with him.
He said his good bys and helped another customer standing by the door.
He told me it's not enough time and i would have to come back he won't do it today.
I work in healthcare should i turn you away because we close in 45 min.
No you would expect me to stay to help you out and i gladly would.
Wow honestly the worst experience i have ever had anywhere.
Do not come here.
You're better driving a little extra and get to a actual decent bank.
The bank fees are also worth paying.
For a place that's called "rapid cash", this place is actually pretty slow.
It took me 25 minutes to cash a check, and there wasn't even anyone in line.
The wait time at this branch is ridiculously long.
I waited 47 minutes in line because there was only one teller helping customers.
Four other tellers were either sitting at their desks or walking around with an ipad!
You would think they might anticipate increased lobby traffic during lunch hour and schedule accordingly.
Such bullshit to waste people's time!
I love this bank!
They are like family at this point and i have cancelled my chase bank account.
I do ally banking at this location and they know me by name.
You can't get that kind of service at the larger banks.
I agree with amanda.
I've been with state farm over 25 yrs and with steve sears for over 10.
His staff is friendly, informed and professional.
And, yes, they do always remember us when we call.
Came to this location to get a couple papers notarized.
Was told to wait for the notary and that she would "be right out."
Got to the lobby at 12:15, it's not 12:45 and i haven't been seen.
Apparently, she went into a meeting knowing 4 people were sitting in the lobby waiting for her services.
It would have been fine if they told me she wasn't available, i would have left.
Closed my account with wells fargo today, and opened one here at chase.
Jesus, helped us open a new account, and we couldn't be more please with his service.
The experience was refreshing!
We were not hassled, and not pressured into anything.
We will be back to open a joint account soon with you :)
The locker rooms are nice, clean and towel service is awesome.
This is my ymca now =)
Who writes a review about a bank branch?
This bank is only setup to have a max of 3 tellers.
Seems setup to be inefficient.
None of them are busy.
They're sitting at their desk looking bored...hmmmm maybe one of them can help me with my 2 second request.
He pointed to the teller window with the tip of his pen.
I typically love chase bank.
This branch just sucks.
Every time i come to this branch i wait about 15 minutes in line.
The tellers have no sense of urgency and don't seem to care that there are so many people in line.
People are friendly when you walk in, but that probably just so you feel comfortable with the long wait...
Horrible customer service especially from robert.
No advise or solution offered.
They definitely chased us away from doing any future business.
The workers here are very helpful.
As an ex-californian with a cali acct, gives challenges now living in nevada.
I wanted to modify, so the associate gave me full and thorough options that i can pick from.
Thing about banks, (my 2 cents)they need to have good listening skills.
As well as articulate and clear explanations.
And smiles and eye contact.
And allowing me to leave satisfied with errands accomplished.
Going the extra lap in seeing how i'm really doing.
I hope all branches are smooth and awesome as this.
But i'll definitely be coming here in the future.
Would have a 5, because 99% of the employees here are phenomenal!
One person either has a bad day, stereotypes, doesn't like their job, etc and boy oh boy can you tell.
I don't know name names, "those" kind of people usually weed themselves out.
Relax,  it could be worse.
Do not bank here and don't let anyone you know!
Okay, i am giving this location five stars but the actual bank three stars after my recent experience.
First, as many have already mentioned this branch is pretty nice as well as the employees.
You have to drill them to find out what the hell they are doing when it comes to posting transaction.
Whatever happened to midnight?
So anyways, let say you have instant pay/deposits like i do.
You are going to get hit with an nsf fee but not right away.
Remember, deposit is made, you have instsant pay baby!
So again, your mobile banking app says the deposit is made and you now have a positive balance, yay!
Wrong because sometime after 12pm central (10am az time) guess what?
You have a nice $37 nsf fee.
Its a scam and that is where all the nsf fees come from.
Banks are making billions of dollars off consumers with nsf fees.
No nsf fees ever!!!
Worst chase branch ever!
Dana (bank manager) and the staff here are very helpful and know their stuff!
I am writing this as a merchant and not personal.
But today was just unacceptable.
The teller working today (did not get her name; brown hair, caucasian, younger 20s, glasses) was very rude to me.
I went in around 2pm to get change.
Usually we have deposits to make while getting change but not today.
So when i get to the counter, the girl says well what's your account number?
I told her oh i'm sorry i don't have it today, it's for (my business name).
I replied oh i'm sorry.
I usually have deposits with me so i never realized we needed the number.
I'm very upset with boa right now.
I think he was putoff by my credentials.
The staff at this branch is so amazing   they are smart, helpful, and take very very great care of me.
Special mention to tori who is brilliant!
I don't ever carry my card and i haven't memorized my account number, but it doesn't matter.
They are always happy to help!
Not a chase customer, asked if i could get change to do laundry.
In az for a vacation.
Told no because i did not have an account.
No chase in alaska
Bank manager is a fucking tool.
There was another rude ass fucking half black and half white dick head there.
Don't give this bank your money...these guys are fucking incompetent goofs.
I have been a member since 1994.
The service at one time was the best around, now it is dreadful.
I was on hold for 14 minutes and 26 seconds when ashley answered.
Our loan was purchased by carrington from bank of america over a year ago.
The customer service and servicing of our loan has been terrible.
This in itself was a huge hassle.
I made that request three months ago.
We will be refinancing with another company just to get away from carrington.
Very upset with this union.
We purchased a vehicle and have our loan with credit union.
Our payment was due but we have not received our payment plan yet.
So in order to not get a late charge i went to the branch and payed with my credit card.
They ran it as a cash advanced which of course my bank charges $30 dollars for it!
I had no idea and was not addressed that it will be charged like this.
Not great to start business with a new customer!
This store is amazing.
We were in the store for about 2 hours and julie was patient, considerate, and most of all real.
She gave recommendations based on experience and even gave recommendations on which color to wear for each interview.
Thank you to the staff that gave input on our selections, and a special thank you to julie.
We will be back for the shirts that we did not get today!
I went in to this branch to settle an account.
My teller was the manager and i asked to verify the balance due.
I was told it was handled by a different department, but she made no effort to call.
It was bad experience for a good cause.
Bank to rent tuxes for our wedding.
Rachel at the n scottsdale road location was very professional and ensured that everything went smoothly.
Everything was clean, in good condition, and fitted well.
We all looked great.
I visited this place to what i planned to be a quick and efficient bank transaction.
Tellers were moving slow and you could see they were under pressure to move to next customer.
I waited in line for over 15 minutes to discover i left my wallet in the car.
Teller told me to just go get it and return to see her.
When i came back i waited in line again as other customers blamed me for cutting in the line.
I got no support from teller because earlier instead she ignored the whole scene.
Not cool although it is not tellers fault for me not having my id.
I also have an account with chase and i like them way better.
Drove 20 minutes on a saturday to find out the tempe, and apparently all locations, are now closed on saturdays.
Actually, closing at 5pm monday-thursday is worse than most banks.
If you work, when exactly are you supposed to be able to use this credit union?
I guess i'm supposed to take time off from work?
Ridiculous and beyond inconvenient.
Shame on you first credit union.
Totally unprofessional and rude.
This ymca facility is pretty nice!
The staff is very nice and the areas are all quite clean and well maintained.
There is towel service which is always great (i hate laundry).
My rate is at 4.875% and the loan started in july, 2016 when the rates were at like 3.5%.
Also, i have terrific credit.
Then, i qualified for a separate program.
They said they would drop the rate and they barely did.
This is my first home and i had no idea what i was doing.
I feel like they took advantage of me and, while the rate isn't completely outrageous, it is given the situation.
Lastly, they could not properly estimate what my down payment would be.
I almost ran out of money before closing because they couldn't provide accurate estimates.
I just really wish i had used a different company.
But that's just me poking around on the internet.
It amazes me that this branch has not been forced to closed or a complete restaffing.
This location is poorly managed with inadequate staffing.
We have had so many issues with this single location.
Depositing checks into wrong accounts, into personal rather than business or savings instead of checking.
Most of the tellers are extremely rude.
If you do not like your job work somewhere else!
We have recently moved to the suburbs and are near an excellent branch!
Avoid the plaza midwood branch!
Wish there was a no star button.
This bank is terrible and all the bankers are very rude.
This location makes me want to switch banks.
The service is getting slower, especially during lunch time drive-thru wait time.
Drive-thru is suppose to be faster, yet i'm waiting in line longer than people going into the branch.
Need to fix time or you'll drive people away to another banks.
I'm not sure if it's the times i go in but there seems to never me a line inside.
Staff always greets me as i enter.
Drive thru atm is very conveniently located at the entrance of the property.
I feel very well taken care of here !
Waited in line for like 20 minutes just to deposit money at the teller.
I waited almost 45 minutes (i don't even know why i sat there for so long) and nothing.
I just got up and left.
Never going back to this branch ever again.
This branch of wells fargo is awesome.
Everyone is so nice, and they always have free coffee and bottled water.
Always someone to great you to help out.
And all the tellers are helpful and friendly.
When i have had some issues with my account they have always been happy to take care of it.
This bank is still stuck in the 90's.
I have a car loan with them that i got through the dealership.
They don't offer any online payment for any of their loans.
You have to open a checking account to be able to do online bill pay which is insane to me.
You have to actually walk in with physical checks to get any bill pay set up.
The branches are all old and the people are super rude.
In 2016 almost every loan provider offers online pay, except sunwest fcu.
Not even with verification!
Such old archaic procedures and i'm shocked they're even still open with how little they offer.
If it wasn't for the very low interest rate they would have zero business.
I wish they had zero stars!
The managers here are dumber than a box of rocks!
1 teller again 7 people in line!
Get another teller you idiot!!
When i first came back from korea, the transition of my funds was my main priority.
They were very straight forward in handling my concerns in a quick manner.
The only objections i had was the lack of upfront answers when it came to my questions about investment options.
I sat in the office for almost two hours getting noncommittal responses to my concerns.
The banker eventually came and handled the rest of the process.
Sometimes this branch can be very crowded because it is a small facility located on the side of the vons.
This place can burn in hell.
I cant wait to leave this place.
They just make money off of you and don't hell you at all.
Every time i talk to a branch rep they try to upsell me services i keep declining.
What they are trying to do is get me into paying fees that i am not paying today.
If this doesn't work i'm going to switch banks.
This is about the 5th and last time i have asked them to stop calling me.
Dear chase bank employees,  what is it about "do not call me" that you do not understand?
I am thinking that chase does not test employees for intelligence or basic language comprehension pre-employment.
Then there was paperless statements.
Click here to go paperless.
But do you think this means you get less stuff in the mail from chase?
This is the only number they have.
So they are now free to call all they want.
Nobody will ever answer.
Not that anyone cares.
Priority clearly isn't customer service
One person has two people helping them.
This happens almost every time i come here.
If you need someone to waste your time, bank here.
Thursday afternoon and u got 1 teller...1!!!
I'm a chase private client too!!!
Outstanding customer service, knowledge, and management.
From the simple to the complex, wells fargo has the expertise.
Don't waste your time with other banks.
Even though large, wells fargo feels like a community bank.
We have banked with them for a decade.
For three years i have been there at least twice a month to cash paychecks.
When i reached the teller, one of two, i handed her my id and we chatted about personal stuff.
The system flagged the check as needing verification.
The same amount that i have been cashing for years.
I incredulously told them to call my husband, the business owner.
I was told to wait for a supervisor.
I sat for 15 minutes, making it 45 minutes of my day i wasted.
They did nothing in that time.
I took the check back and deposited it in my credit union and walked out with cash.
In addition to the absurd events of today, this location is poorly staffed.
There is often an atrocious wait around lunch.
The parking is difficult.
$30, are you kidding me?!
When i asked to waive the fee, the branch does not allow it (they do in wisconsin).
I highly recommend aloha pacific credit union, silver state credit union, and us bank as good alternatives.
The branch manager tried to hold a check that i got from school.
My account was open for a month or two and the check was not over a large amount.
The branch manager is a rude ladu.
The service is horrible and there is always something so inconvenient about this branch.
Do not come here !
Go to a different credit union.
My visa payment was due feb 15.
On feb 19 i check my account and they have charged me an overdue amount.
It has to be between the statement date and the due date.
In the uk, they do accept advance payments and they can reverse incorrect charges.
Thank you scotiabank for ripping me off and proving yet again how backward your canadian systems are.
As soon as i clear these accounts, i will no longer be banking with scotia.
You lose another customer for being completely unfair and providing absolutely no incentive for me to be a good customer.
I really only pop in here for the atm, i don't bank with chase because of their fees.
The atm is inside the bank,its very clean and air conditioned.
Ms emily was pretty attentive and helpful to required needs.
A very smooth experience and mr. stephen has replied with utmost prompt and experienced answers.
Jackie chiu one of the bank assistants at bmo smiled and came to help when i mentioned my difficulties.
He walked me through working the cash machine, which i patiently let him do.
The bank was actually closed but jackie gave me all the time i needed.
My card was reactivated.
If all the workers at this new bmo branch are like jackie, i would open an account immediately.
That said, the saving grace has been rbc online, as they have been extremely knowledgeable and quick!
Plus, it seems easy enough to find rbc atms across canada!
This branch is friendly, fast and seem to have a lot of regulars!
Really great banking experience.
This is not just for this one bmo bank but for all of them.
I had a large amount of $$ in and ira for 8 years.
It was paying  .05%, i had an opportunity  to take the money and place it and get a better return.
Upon closing the account a charge of $100.00 for 2 accounts.
I would not do business with this canadian bank.
Xxx triple ex from your mind and get out now!
Yesterday, i managed to answer all the questions correctly, went to fund the account by credit card, and submitted.
What is the purpose of applying to this credit union if they fail people based on the andera software??
One star because you can't leave "0" 1 teller with 8 people in line avoid   don't go here  it sucks
Jonathan martinez was completely professional and accommodating to our request.
He assisted our organization in updating account information and was attentive to any questions we had.
Just left the bank and have nothing but positive feedback for tori wilson.
She was fantastic and helped with all my questions!
She had an appointment today with another person and i arrived as a walk-in.
The appointment arrived late and she took me in.
She has excellent customer service and was very patient.
If you to speak with a banker, please ask for tori!
The manager at this branch  jeanine morin was extremely rude.
I am appalled and shocked that she us the branch manager.
This chase bank has very friendly and helpful staff members.
They always try to get you where you need to be quickly.
Always ask me for an id number that they never provided.
Also i inquired about a refi, or a heloc.
It's been 1 month and no one has followed up.
10 calls later with no success and i'm sitting in bank demanding service or i will pull my accounts.
Then manager even promised to remove it.
3 weeks later and still not fixed.
Becca tried to help in the branch.
A hit i never authorized.
I ordered new checks from a teller the end of may they arrived end of last week so i thought.
I am extremely disappointed with the customer service at this location.
This branch has two drive-up atms!
Yes, efficiency for the masses.
I have yet to go inside, but the car experience is a good one.
Plenty of entrance and exits off south blvd.
By far the worst bank!
Worst service with poorly mannered staff members.
I don't recommend anyone coming to do any business here.
The girls that work at this bank are very sweet.
I often go inside and avoid the drive up just to chat with them.
They always seem to make time for customers.
Brittany has helped me with my online banking and has shown me how to use it.
She's a real big help to me.
All of the girls are really very sweet they are my bank.
I enjoy banking because the service they give me is just really great.
I'd recommend this bank to anyone and everyone!
As a former chase supervisor, i was really disappointed with our service today.
While kind, the greeter was not apologetic about the circumstances.
I never would have allowed a customer to walk away so clearly unhappy when i worked there.
No wonder all banks are going to online accounts and bankers are losing there job.
I walk in to open an account and they say they are very busy.
2 bankers and no customers.
They said to call and make an appointment or come back at 1pm.
I called 10+ times and only got voicemail.
I then went in at 12:30 for the 1pm time slot.
Greeter asked the bankers again and again too busy even though they had no customers.
I can't bank with a company that allows its representatives to treat customers like that.
I've been with chase for 6 years at least and never had service like that.
All over a check, that wasn't even mine!!!
Shame on you chase and shame on you shannon.
I really do not get it.....
This is a decent size bank location in a very populated location in town right off the highway.
Why is it that i am always having to wait an eternity to get and service at this location.
There seems to be one person helping out with accounts and another person running the teller position.
Why not hire some more people and make this an more efficient location.
I just do not get it....
Britney helped me the other day and she was friendly and efficient!
Also, i didn't really have to wait at all, but then i went on slightly off hours.
The location is a lil tucked off the main road so don't miss it!
They need negative stars.
He asked how he could help and i told him they needed to hire another teller like usual.
He said this is the way bank of america is making all of their branches????
They want all of their branches to have shitty customer service.
What a bunch of idiots.
Corporate, you are a bunch of idiots also!!!
When i lived nearby, i would visit this location often.
Now, i rarely stop by this location, but happened to be in the area recently.
Return factor - 50%....would be higher if i lived nearby.
I literally went through the problem to set up this account to give this bank a terrible review.
I have never done a trx in under 10 minutes there.
Always understaffed and no priority on the drive up customers.
I hadn't found most chase branches to have very poor customer service times...this one the worst.
The entire staff is very friendly and helpful, and patient with advice and recommendations.
5-star staff and service!
Opening an account could not have been easier nor could it have been more pleasant.
Patrice was not only competent and friendly, but so helpful that she anticipated my concerns and questions.
I left this branch completely confident that i had chosen the right establishment.
Thank you miss patrice and the folks at cccu.
Nice feature to deposit cheques electronically with their iphone app.
And people are very nice.
Down side is poor integration of their mastercard credit card with their online web interface.
Need to go to a mediocre different site which is rather poor ux.
This bank is wonderful!
Sean signed me and my boyfriend up for a few accounts and he was just great.
Very helpful and answered all our questions i details.
He even did a follow up call a few days later to make sure our accounts were going okay.
I have been in this bank 3 times since i got an account and everytime was a fantastic experience.
Everyone was friendly and treated me like a loyal customer!
I come here at least once a week & the staff is always friendly.
Cory is one of the nicest tellers i have ever come across.
Very happy with this bank & lucky its only a minute away :)
This is the third time i've been to this branch and they still only have one teller on duty.
It's a big name bank, they can't afford additional tellers?
The slowest bank in town.
You must have at least 30 mins in your schedule to stop here.
And that is only with a short line of 2 or 3 people.
Wanted to make a quick deposit at the drive through teller.
Took the guy 10 minutes to count some cash, and when he sent the receipt out he didn't say anything.
No thank you or anything so we had to push the call button again to make sure he was done.
Longest trip ever just for a deposit.
Le personnel est sympathique.
L'endroit est trs bien localis.
Les heures d'ouverture, par contre, ne sont pas toujours pratiques.
If i could give 0 stars i would.
Customer service is pretty important, why don't you learn it.
Drive-thru  never for  works, i deposit cash every month and every time i try to use it is not working.
They only have one drive thru and one atm outside.
This is a big bank with branches all over the city of charlotte.
There is even a stadium with their name on it.
So you'd think this banking institution would have remarkably fabulous customer service.
The south blvd branch,  like many other branches of bank of america, no longer offer drive thru service.
Waiting in line doesn't seem to worry their employees as they seem to move very slowly.
There's no sense of urgency.
Be prepared .... especially at busiest times of day - lunch or close to end of day to wait.
My only account now is a mortgage account that i haven't had the energy to move yet to another bank.
All my other accounts are with competitors that all offer drive thru banking.
Pack your patience or search for branches that still offer drive thru service.
There are some .... just not in the pineville area or south blvd area in charlotte.
Very helpful and responsive staff.
Their customer service is top notch.
Waiting here for 30 mins to make a simple wire transfer.
They never have enough reps to handle the walk-ins.
I can drive to another branch and handle my business faster than waiting here!
Nice branch with helpful employees.
What makes compass any better than any other bank?
They refund other banks atm fees!
How cool is that?
No paperwork or anything!
Same as all the the other banks.
Long lines and one teller?!?!?
What a joke guys!
What happened to customer service?
They have all this windows and only 2 open !
Is annoying they need to open more windows !
Want to deal with a smug branch manager?
He is less than pleasant, disrespectful and definitely had complete disregard for anyone's time but his own.
My bi-monthly transactions require managers approval.
I have been banking here for 3 years.
As of lately, i have been waiting 25-30 min just to complete 1 transaction!!!
I am usually the only vehicle in the drive through.
So, today, i decided to go in and see if it would be quicker inside.
It took 18 min.
I walked right up to a teller.
No person deserves to be so miserable, pompous, or conceited.
Hey, sean, never look down on anyone, unless you are helping them up.
It must be nice to be important, but much more important to be nice.
And, if you spit fire, expect to get burned.
What do you do?
What are you saving for?
Where are you from?
What you doing tonight?
What are you doing this weekend?
Never enough tellers at this bank.
I've always had great customer service at this location and staff are always friendly and ready to help.
If you have the chance to deal with sorina, do it!
She's also a notary in illinois and notarized a couple of things we needed while we were at her desk.
Seriously, i almost never think of a bank as "my bank"...
Just wonderful customer service.
This bank always has only one teller open!!!
It's so frustrating honestly.
The line is always super long and they don't open another teller.
The lines moved very slowly!
I spend like 20-30 min waiting in line  on something that takes one minute to do!
I hope someone see's it and takes action to reverse an ugly decline in service and the store in general.
I was then charged 30 dollars more per pair than advertised on the email to me.
When i balked the staff challenged me on the email and demanded to see the price i was quoted.
( the price is all over the web site and even on words with friends).
I left the store obviously dissatisfied.
Jos a,  i bought my first suit from you what has happened!!
You are no longer a reputable men's store.
Just a clothing web site!
I prefer ck ymca to dowd during the week.
For one thing, it's less crowded.
I also feel that people are a bit more "real" at ck...
The branch manager wants everyone to know she is the branch manager!
No did she just get a promotion?
Dumbest bunch of people ever.
Please do not use this branch if you bank at wells fargo.
Go to a regular branch.
I've been a member for 20 years too and boy has this cu gone downhill.
I am talking about this baseline/tempe location and the gila springs location in chandler.
Where, they could've  tell every one or post a sign to notify the customers so, they don't wait...very bad service.
I chose this bank based on the great reviews and i have not been disappointed.
I'm so happy i chose pinnacle bank.
Courtney kile - unprofessional.
After weeks, finally found a house.
End of inspection period now she's saying unapproved loan price.
Going to lose earnest $1000 and what i paid for inspector because she didn't get her #s straight.
Very slow and unreliable process with her.
Go somewhere else for your loan and save yourself the stress.
This is the worst chase bank in las vegas.
One teller 30 people one teller.
Just want to get a money order.
Staff is totally incompetent.
A small transaction can take a solid 40 minutes.
I will never go back to this bank ever again.
Would rather drive farther for better service.i would've given them zero stars but i had to put in something.
Where nobody cares about customers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We loose the bussines transaction waiting for them.
Hoping bofa ceo see this message and act to give a better service!!!!!!!!
If i could give this bank zero stars, i would.
I have been having issues since the beginning of my line of credit.
And if you don't speak fluent french, good luck trying to get them to understand.
Please don't make the same mistake i did!
This is just the issues i can remember today!!
Go with another bank!!
Clerks are polite but also efficient & quick in what they do.
Never had a problem.
Love banking with chase, especially this location.
The bankers and tellers are super friendly and very knowledgeable.
I switched from another office and so glad i did.
Today i received a boa alert text while i was working.
So at noon time i went to the starmount branch on south blvd to see what the problem is.
I was told by the gentleman that the fraud protection dept had put a hold on my account.
How do you lock someone account leaving them without any fund access.
The fact that i had to hold on for more than 30 mins each time is ridiculous again.
We walked in today and stayed 30 minutes.
One guy just stood at the register and when we started to walk toward him he walked away.
We couldn't get any help and stood at the front of the store with another couple who were also ignored.
Finally all 4 people walked out empty handed.
Issues: card cash redeemable only in november.
Unless you happen to close your account after the november payout, everything past that point is lost.
Few locations and limited online ability.
This doesn't bother everyone, but i travel a lot.
They once tried to charge me 5$ for a printout of my statement.
Apparently it was a miscommunication, and they thought i wanted some official document rather than a standard printout.
It still took 10 minutes out of my day and some arguing.
Nothing special if you're just using checking/savings.
They are a small bank without the small bank feeling.
This is entirely subjective, but part of the reason i joined was a positive experience with a small bank elsewhere.
People there knew me and were friendly.
The representatives were hit or miss at canyon state, some very pleasant and others perfunctory.
There are plenty of better options.
The absolute best customer service.
Such a happy staff.
Love banking at this branch!
I am about to be a "former" premier customer with this bank.
I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.
A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.
They voided the sale, however wells fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!
I have the voided slip... still nothing!
If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.
If not, find somewhere else to go to.
Anyway, my experience with the store manager (scottsdale store) was, to say the least, terrible.
She then hung up on me.
Well, fast forward to today when i got an email from the company asking me to review my recent experience.
About an hour later, i got the following email from jos.
Thanks for sharing, and we hope to publish next time!
Submit something new     thanks again, jos.
Bank clothiers"  talk about censorship and not trying to keep public opinion and comments from being published.
Seems to me like someone or some company is a wee bit sensitive about their customer service????
Stolen, what a feeling!!
I went right from the gas station to the national bank on york st.
When she returned, she asked me a lot of questions for security, which i loved...
Lourdes was one of the best customer service experiences i have ever had in toronto.
This has to be the worst boa.
Made a appointment show up early.
One other person in the bank and still made me wait 20 mn.
When i decided to walk out.
The manager just standing around doing nothing.
My advice take the extra drive for better service
Isabel was the greeter.
So well that every english word had s' where they aren't supposed to be.
Also she said , " do you has your bank card?"
I don't has anything when it's in that context.
For the love of god!
Already know where this is going.
They have been charging my minor child a $12 maintenance fee for her account for months.
She was promised that there would be no fees because she is a minor.
I askes isabel if i could speak with a banker.
She proceeded to try and solve this on her own.
She explain to me the type of account i has.
It's cores shecking and that costs.
Let's recap: i am here for my daughters account.
After a good 10 minute argument she made me an appointment 2 hours out with a banker.
Lmao there was nobody in line anywhere in the place!
It is 9:30 on a saturday.
So i went to a teller to draw every penny out of every one of my accounts.
I'm over this lady right?
Take the computer from isabel!
Has her just open doors for people or something.
3 stars because nada spotted the problem and had the manager, connie, fix it.
I'm just floored that i trust this bank  with my money when they give isabel access to a computer.
Simply the best credit union i have ever belonged to.
Their online site is excellent...very easy to navigate.
Do yourself a favor...dump your cold, greedy bank and become a member.
You won't regret it.
He is so kind and helpful, and he truly goes above and beyond for his clients.
This is a review of us banks in general.
As a bank goes, i find them to be very disappointing and frustrating.
I can't tell you how many times i've had to inform them about faulty atms and the numerous account fees.
I finally decided to close my account and cashed out the last 12 dollars i had in the account.
The teller promised he would take care of the closing fee as i could not afford them.
He took care of it all right...by sending me a bill for 30 dollars.
After this experience i decided it was less trouble simply to cash my checks at liquor stores.
My loan was less than 80k and they missed the deadline.
Not surprisingly jade and his team at the bank assured me that they weren't at fault.
Do not use them for home loans.
I went to this location to cash my check and was delighted by how kindly the staff treated me.
Never was i ever so happy to be a wells fargo customer.
I have a seen a lot of negative reviews for this bank and wanted to give it a fair rating.
I don't think a bank should get one star because someone didn't get 5000 in 100 dollar bills.
What makes a bank is how they treat their customers overall.
I have never had an issue with this bank and they have always been kind to me.
Deer valley credit union in glendale is a wonderful banking branch.
They are all knowledgeable and never fall short on demonstrating superb customer service skills.
This branch is a joke!
The girls here have no idea what they are doing and always giving you the run around!
Worst costumer service but b of a is notorious for this.
About 20 people waiting in line to get help and the manager just walks around and does nothing to help!
The gentleman behind me is a wwll vet how about having an special area for seniors!!
Shame on you what a joke of a bank... will never use your services.
They didn't "forget" to sieze every penny of her grandchildren's money to ensure they get paid.
I was followed to my car and acosted, then had to defend myself.
Social media is the only platform we have to spread the truth.
Miguel and marshell, even though you dont deserve it.
Hopefully someone won't take advantage of you when your loved one dies, and treat you the way you treated others.
This is a very good bank branch, folks.
I have really started to love coming to this gym for a quick lunchtime workout!!
The gym is laid out fairly nicely with a cardio area and weight area separated by a basketball court.
Prices are very reasonable.
-the quick fit room off the track- great for a quick workout away from others.
-weight area- for being a small area, they have a good amount of stuff.
I think there are about 4 unassisted squat stands/bars, which is alot for this size gym.
Tuesday late afternoon and busy!
Looked like enough tellers behind the counter (wandering around) but the line was moving slow.
Never in my life have i ever experienced such poor customer service.
They don't pay attention to there sign in list.
Th employees don't to seem to respect management.
The bank was filthy.
This place keeps getting better and better.
I just wish it was a little less crowded and they'd fix the mirrors.
Place needs to move kettlebells out of the small training session room and put some on the floor.
This bank has a friendly and upbeat vibe.
When you walk in, you are greeted by the tellers who are very friendly.
The most important part is that the service is very quick (which i really appreciate when i'm in a hurry).
Long waits times and low staff availability make this location a really poor experience !!
The drive thru is about 50 yards away on the other side of wells fargo!!!
Avoid this bank if possible !
This is a poorly managed branch.
Customer service is non/existent.
They never answer the phone.
I switched to bmo as a result.
Unfortunately, my mortgage is still there but i will transfer it out when it comes up for renewal.
The only thing this branch is good for is basic banking, like getting drafts.
Also don't bother with investment advice here, utterly useless for incompetent people.
Its much cheaper in terms of mer and better performance.
This is the main branch of first credit union.
It's a bit bigger than most of the others.
But it's still the credit union.
Check my reviews of the others, this one is the same.
Banks suck, credit unions rock.
I use banks as little as possible, preferring instead the no-hassle credit union environment.
As i've said before, they have no shareholders.
They are responsible to their members.
Banks only care about the quarterly report to their shareholders, and they make all those profits off of you!
Best community bank in town!
Great management and staff!
Voted #1 community bank in arizona 3 years in a row, by ranking arizona.
It doesn't matter which branch you pick they all follow wells fargo policies, which are legalized larceny in my opinion.
From where i sit the fees they charge are abusive for everything from overdrafts to "processing" fees.
I had my business account there so i would stop by with my daughter.
They used my bringing her by with me as a chance to sell her on a credit card.
She was a full time student at the time.
Sure enough she got herself in trouble with it and i ended up helping her out.
I had an account for which there was not supposed to be any fees.
It seems like every month i had to get the branch manager to correct the charges they would make anyway.
I moved very significant funds over to another much smaller bank and i am much happier.
Bank where ever you like, but i have had all i want from wells.
I come in with cash and deposit it into an account.
Truth be told, the nature of such a transaction actually fits the dcor of the place.
This is a well-preserved bank with a retro-style foyer and banking area.
The business account people like me are ushered into the back area and queue up between our own velvet ropes.
She is patient,  and very knowledgeable, she is a wonderful asset to your company.
Thank you ms. alisha, for your ki d assistance.
10 people in line, 2 tellers?
Must be b of a policy.
Every branch is like this.
Doesn't matter what day, what time of day.
B of a doesn't value it's customer's business or their time.
Time to find a better bank.
It shouldn't be hard.
This store is the closest to my home and i have regularly frequented it for check cashing.
They don't have the lowest fees but they are close by.
This year i had the need to purchase money orders from them.
I found after purchasing them over a period of a few months, that i didn't actually need them.
They were never filled out and had the receipts still attached.
I expected to be able to return them.
There are no printed restrictions on the money order...you know, like an expiration date so i anticipated no resistance.
However, resistance is what i got.
First, it appears that they wont take them back at all.
Interesting to see a business that sells a product that they knowingly don't support.
No standing behind it.
Went there for years...now i wont be going back.
I don't agree with companies that wont stand behind the products or services that they offer.
Definitely a quality chase branch.
The lines for tellers generally aren't too long.
I think all employees are bi-lingual, even though i'm not.
The parking lot can be a problem.
I almost get hit by someone texting and driving just about every time i pull into the lot.
And for some reason, it's more frequent here than anywhere else in vegas.
Very close to my home.
Customer service is excellent.
Drive up and atm available 24 hour.
I got a loan through cash 1 about 4-6 months ago.
I called in last week to see how much was owed so that i could pay it off in full.
Because of this new system they had.
An african american woman (only for description purposes because i don't know her name) with glasses proceeded to help me.
She told me "sometimes".
She took offense to it and said i was being rude and that i should leave.
She honestly couldn't handle that i was asking legitimate questions and she could not provide legitimate answers.
She then proceeded to tell me the way i was making her feel.
She then proceeded to tell me to call the corporate office if i wanted to complain with a huge attitude.
She told me it was because of my credit.
I then asked her what credit score were they looking for and she said she didn't know.
I couldn't believe it.
I just said "byyyye" and walked out.
I thought to myself, that's weird, because my loan is always due on the 17th.
I called them and asked them what was going on.
I said ok, that's weird, i don't remember seeing that, but i believed her.
Now she is saying that i can come in on sundays and make the payment and it would post immediately.
None of this makes sense.
So rude, so judgmental.
I will pay off my loan asap and go somewhere else.
I recently opened a checking and savings account here and i was teamed up with kristen wright.
Fast drive-thru window, great location, fast service and clean lobby.
Security guard on the outside of the branch daily during business hours.
I use this branch often.
Today i had to go inside and use a live teller.
The line was short and she was very friendly and pleasant.
I was 3rd in line when i arrived and was in/out in 5 minutes.
For my financial sake....i hope so!
I recently opened my membership at dvcu and have never had a better experience at any other financial institution.
I've had wells fargo as a kid growing up because i had a couple family members who worked there.
I also banked at chase, bofa, us bank and a couple of other small credit unions.
Dvcu is honestly hands down the best experience i've had with banking so far.
The staff is super friendly and helpful.
I would recommend dvcu to anyone who is tired of the big banks.
Credit unions are not for profit but will benefit its members!
Jm went out of his way to provide excellent customer service.
He is helpful, friendly, and easy to get in touch with over email or phone.
Jm worked hard to secure the best mortgage rate.
I would definitely use dominion lending centres again in the future.
The place is empty.
No maybe one or two customer, yet i have to set up an appointment to open an account really!
And the place is filthy inside and out... just sayin'
(i wouldn't if i was looking for a place to handle my money.)
This place is a neighborhood eyesore - has to be the filthiest bank branch i've ever seen.
I wouldn't trust these guys with the bowl of pennies on my dresser.
Guys, i'm going to share a not-so-secret with you and hope that it doesn't catch on and ruin the awesomeness.
Went in this branch and try to deposit couple money order.
Sometime makes me wonder should i switch bank?
This location is terrible and bank of america is terrible.
They will nickel and dime you for everything and they'll be rude about it.
You know what's great?
Walking into a banking establishment and having the tellers know your name!
Your mileage may vary, but i love these guys.
This branch is fantastic.
All the employees are friendly and knowledgeable.
Let me start this by saying that i am a chase customer.
Saying "it would be a waste of time."
I agree, doing any business with this petty company is a waste of time.
You will no longer get any business from me!
In december 2013, i had an overseas wire transfer that went to the wrong account number inside chase bank.
It was not my account number.
However, i was the named beneficiary of the wire transfer.
Chase did not reverse the wire transfer despite the account + beneficiary mismatch.
Chase waited to reach out to the wrong beneficiary.
The wrong beneficiary spent all of the money to payoff her debts despite knowing they were not hers.
Chase was able to recover some of the money.
The wrong beneficiary no longer has the money to return the remaining $4135.00.
The fault lies on chase.
I have voice recordings of chase daring me to pursue legal action.
I have pursued mediation, chase declined--i have letter of proof from the neighborhood justice center (njc) of this.
According to my contact there, chase scoffed at her when she invited them for mediation.
Nonetheless, she was shocked.
Please spread this story!!
I was banking at wells fargo and thank the lord i found this gem!!!
The costumer service is amazing and there isn't surprise fees you'll see pulled from your account every month.
If you are thinking about switching i highly recommend this bank!!
They're quite courteous at this location.
The atm is easily accessible.
I will not be returning to this branch again.
I waited hoping it'd go fast, but then one of the tellers had to shut down and restart her system.
So with only 1 teller open, i had to leave and would come back on my lunch break.
I came back and still the same situation, 2 tellers and long line.
(they were not informing people that they have been working offline and transactions will not appear until tomorrow.)
What was worse was that the teller seemed annoyed with me.
It was such a waste of my time throughout the whole day!
Because they have less system issues and attitudes.
Never a long wait.
I'm in here once a week and they are always kind and helpful!
Jeremiah is usually who helps me and he's particularly professional as well as friendly.
I've always had a pleasant experience at this wells fargo.
The tellers are all courteous and polite.
They handle my transactions without issues and always wish me a pleasant day.
I've become somewhat of a regular at this location as my office is just down the street.
They greet me by name and always offer assistance if needed.
For a big bank they don't make me feel like number.
Monica was excellent as she vocalized, "ma'am, i don't know but i want to learn."
And was sincere about this.
Got to respect it.
4) same layout as other uwcu's  now the bad:  my word... my word!
I've never been subjected to such crap as this location has exposed me to.
I mean i literally drive by this place on the way to the gym and remind myself don"t do it!
Child, no one knows nothing.
Service: you think it's easy?!
Hell, i broke out into spanish to make things smoother for everyone on one occassion.
1st trip(that stood out) - get to the counter.
Ask for proof that the cashier's check cleared.
But the teller tried.
She asks for help.
4 people are now trying to figure this out.
Then someone tells me, not the teller, that it can't be done.
Lol  i'm laughing now but not then.
Something i've been doing repeatedly for a few months now can't be done.
I break into spanish.
Monica is caught off guard but we go back and forth.
I explain to her about the cap sq or monroe can help.
Other guy stands in marvel (idk why?
I just presume most folks get befuddled when a 'darkie' speaks anything other than english or heck ebonics.
Because i promise enough anglo's get confused when i speak proper english and not ebonics.
But that's not this show today.
Back to the teller.
She actually says, in english, "i want to learn.
This may come up again with someone else."
*bam* 72 minutes later i got that document.
It took a 4 minute call to the cap sq branch walking them through the process to get it done.
Folks apologize and i'm like no problem because i appreciated the effort from the service provider.
Next trip- usual deposit/withdrawl transaction.
But get this, i need change.
May i have change please?
Clerk: ok me: waiting clerk: walks off.
Types on the computer.
Talks to another teller.
Me: wait, what's going on 5minutes has passed.
(i don't say the 5min part) clerk: i have to wait for her.
She points to clerk.
Then talks to older lady me: i can just go to the other line.
(she's just standing idly by watching me) old lady: looks dead at me and roll her eyes.
She's sweet, i don't say anything else.
I'm thinking she could just pull cash from a drawer.
These folks have to enter into a computer what they're doing.
Then this large printer looking machine delivers the cash.
(please know i'm just thinking this and not saying it out loud.
Just keeping titles so you can follow.)
Who came up with that smart idea.
That didn't save anything.
It won't reduce theft.
Arghh..i bet some genius in management decided this was perfect, yet they've never worked a teller line.
Clerk: i'm sorry ma'am for the wait.
Then the machine ran out of money and had to reload.
But she didn't  the old lady gave dirty looks (far from professional) i learned a valuable lesson.
Just stay the hellllllllll away.
(see, nothing else would have worked or conveyed my seriousity as helllllll with so many l's).
In a day when most of our bank transactions are electronic, who cares about bank branches, right?
The staff here is excellent.
They have a person dedicated to greeting you and allocating someone to your needs.
We have our safe deposit box here, and we can always get at it within 5 minutes.
They literally rush to find someone with keys.
First, the security of the building is atrocious.
For months upon opening their door to the atm after hours it would not lock behind you.
Once you get to the atm, it's amazing of it works.
I called and they have no record of it and say it will be 5 days to investigate.
So they basically stole my money.
The people aren't much better.
While the tellers for the most part are professional, their other staff leaves much to be desired.
I applied for an auto loan, and was given specific guidelines.
Basically i could get a loan for 85% of the value of the car up to a certain dollar amount.
Even the otd price was less than the 85%.
I went back to the dealer, who found me a competitor willing to honor the terms.
Basically cccu is a bunch of thieves.
As soon as my atm issue is resolved i'm moving my account to someone with some credibility.
Worst branch in las vegas.
Tellers hv no idea what the hell they r doing.
Plz never go to this location.
The worst credit union i have ever dealt with.
I moved to az and purchased a house.
Their mortgage department is the most unorganized uncaring bunch i have met.
They don't care when you close on your home.
You send them documents which they loose and request them again and again.
I have excellent credit but they'll make you feel like your trying to get over on them.
I will never deal with them again.
This was one of the simplest and most pleasant experiences i've had in my week of living here.
I'm very happy to have found this credit union.
This bank is equivalent to cancer.
I'd rather have cancer  than talk to a rude representative
It was reasons like "i need to scan your id again."
I got frustrated so i asked for the branch manager and he said "i am the branch manager."
The other staff apologized for his incompetency.
I like chase but this one is messed up.
The building feels like a sunday school from the 70s.
They pay for a greeter to stand and welcome instead of having actual bankers that can help you with service.
All banks are horrible, but this branch is particularly slow.
Will never go here.
And apparently need to have more than 1 person run their store on a saturday.
Horrible experience and now my customer is pissed at me.
Do not bank here!
Just about any other bank in town will give you better service and will not lie to you.
He told me my account had to be closed down and i needed to go into the branch.
I was told i would not be allowed to open another account.
I asked and was told it was bank policy.
He said it was a branch decision.
So, the manager of the branch blatantly lied to me and i would not recommend this bank to anyone.
I've been a corporate recruiter the past 30 years and that tells me a lot.
There are a lot of people in this branch that are not happy with their jobs and it really shows.
Whatever you do, do not bank with this institution!
No reason to line up for a teller these days since everything becomes computerized.
Yet, i decided to stop by the bank to get some changes today.
I was in line for more than 30 minutes.
Two more people were in front of me and 7  or 8 people were behind me.
Only two tellers were open and saw many employees walking around in the bank.
Everyone is like family and always there to help, i could not feel more supported as an employee.
Its really nice to work somewhere where everyone is so happy and nice.
I have done all my banking here for years.
All others fail in comparison.
Nfcu has intelligent, professional, knowledgable and courteous staff.
If you qualify for an account here and do not open one you are only hurting yourself.
I called ahead of time to ask what i needed to bring in to get a checking account.
I made an apt with him that day.
It was fast and easy!
He was very friendly and went over everything with me.
The place has a great location and the inside was very clean!
I'm not a vet, but i have a joint account here.
I rarely need to go in person, but when i have, staff have been prompt and professional.
Account maintenance is easy and everything's accessible online.
The parking lot is usually a disaster, which is another reason i usually avoid going in person.
Joe, logan and carlos are the best.
The customer service here is off the charts, these guys are friendly, professional and truly care about you.
I've never had a problem, i've never had trouble reaching them and they continue to exceed my expectations.
Thank you joe, logan and carlos!
You guys deserve a raise :)
Just wanted more cash for tips and the like.
This chase was easy to find and not far from the main strip.
Easy parking lot to get in and out of and up-close parking.
Atms in a front area but we went into the branch and were greeted by two friendly employees.
I made some coffee while husband completed the financial transaction stuff.
And then in only a few minutes, we were off for more adventures with money in our pockets again.
I have two words for this bank: get toe!
(for those phonetically challenge, that is ghetto.)
The place seemed a little disheveled as i pulled in.
The parking lot was minuscule and the only open spaces had been hijacked by some really bad parking jobs.
I walked inside and was greeted by the saddest looking bank interior i have ever seen.
I think they were remodeling, but damn, it didn't even look like a bank.
Even the people waiting in the long line looked depressed.
But, what do you expect when you have to entrust your money to such a lackadaisical place!
I couldn't take the decrepitude, so i left.
This man is a crook.
He steals from the elders.
He sells bad policies to make large commissions and he is the worst of a person.
He stealing my money wont return it .
Took over 6000 dollars from my policy and he wont return it .
Stay clear of this crook.
However, the fraud protection and debit card security here is terrible.
On multiple occasions my card has been shut off or put on hold without my knowledge.
Upon trying to use my card is had a travel hold on it.
It took some serious time on the phone to get it opened back up.
On another occasion my card had come up on there system as being possibly defrauded.
My card was shut down without a phone call again!
Again spent about 30 min wasting my life.
I still will continue to bank here.
I love the small local credit union option.
I just wish they could iron some of the creases out.
I have been insured with shaine stevenson from the time he opened his first office nearly a decade ago.
His staff does everything possible to provide me with maximal coverage at a minimal price.
Took 1 hour to make deposits for my business.
Just open save ng do not deal with their checking and cc.
The reviews are right about only "2 tellers" open at peak times.
It's safe to say because of all this i left b of a and opened a credit union account.
Avoid b of a at all costs!
Not worth your time.
Went in and the teller had a nice smile.
Took care of my service and bid me a happy easter.
Nice and courteous with fast service.
And up until recently we have been very satisfied with their customer service.
My husband has just recently passed away and instead of cccu being helpful they have been anything but.
First of all mellissa is extremely rude.
My step son is the beneficiary upon death on the account it was set up that way  a while ago.
Mellissa refused to even discuss it or explain why he couldn't have access to the accounts.
There is a living trust so there is no reason to freeze the account.
But they have only made it more so.
We are not the only people who have found mellissa to be very rude and unfriendly.
Been in line for 10 minutes & only 2 tellers are open, with 10 people in line.
It's 4:15pm, you'd think they'd have more tellers open.
The tellers are always rude and the wait is excessive.
The branch at warner and mcclintock is much better.
The staff there are friendly and professional.
I'm a first time home buyer and my realtor recommended home street loan to me .
They didn't mind that i asked 100 questions probably the same one over and over again.
I think this company is awesome.
Everyone should try it i didn't have any problems at all.
You guys are great
There are plenty of cardio and weight machines, free weights, a pool, two basketball courts, and an indoor track.
The facility is very clean and well maintained, and the staff and group exercise instructors are always pleasant and helpful.
A couple of tips before heading to the gym: 1.
There are typically 4 or 5 people behind the counter while 1 (maybe 2 on really good days!)
Do any kind of work.
And while i'd typically say customer service work, the idea of them serving clients is laughable.
About as personable as a stale, dried out pita.
I'm always miserable when i come here.
Every time i come to this location they are unable to help.
On top of that they seem to have no knowledge on any of the products wells fargo offers.
The tellers are very rude, and they cherry on the cake is their lack of bathrooms.
Most wells fargo's are great and i've banked with them for 7 years but this location constantly disappoints.
Couldn't make a wire transfer because they "are out of paper".
Like all branches of wells fargo, staff is pretty friendly.
Service is usually quick enough.
(sometimes long lines, sometimes not).
A big plus is they have locations everywhere!
I'm starting to get a little nervous about my investments at this branch.
I walked into the branch today and the advisor admitted it was his fault and went ahead with the transfer.
I was not happy and upset that this might affect tax situations/filing for this year.
From my experience, i'm not sure i would recommend investing at this branch.
I hope to update this review in the future with a more positive review.
Nice, quiet, and clean bank.
What else can you ask for in a busy city like vegas?
My daughters and i have been dialing for 2 days.
480 350 2412 it rings six times and then 'nothing'!
I sent an email.... no response.
My daughter sent a fax.
I've called ever number possible.
Pfinally i called wf on 1st in mesa and lo and behold the banker from fiesta finally called me.
He said his mgr christian gave him my msg.
Yesterday,but how would i know that the banker cristian even got the msg.
Not happy with this branch in any way shape or form.
One teller at the noon hour.
I was in line for 45min.
The branch manager "couldn't" open another teller line.
Then when it's your turn the teller is rude.
If i could give this scotia location a 0/5 rating, i would.
There is no option for it though.
I just recently made this location my home branch since it was close to my home.
I'd rather travel a little further than deal with this branch.
They wanted my fingerprints!
Oh...btw....another bank cashed the same check with a simple id verification...
I thought i loved this bank at first, i wanted to get away from the big banking way of chase.
They always remember your name when you come in and are very personable.
So i am back with chase.
I called this branch precisely at 9 a.m. when they opened.
I spoke to a gentleman and asked if they do currency exchange.
He replied they do.
I went over there and withdrew a large amount of cash from their atm.
I occur a penalty charge because i don't bank with wells fargo.
I ask the female teller if she can please exchange my usd to euros.
She stated they don't offer that service.
I told her a gentleman advised me this branch did.
It is not her fault.
I must remember some people are raising a generation of morons and idiots.
I don't know how i could have been more clear on the phone.
Honestly is this how i need to talk to these people?
Do i need to break it down to the levels of a kindergartner?
Now i am stuck carrying a larger amount of cash until i find a bank that can offer this service.
I am grateful i do not bank with this financial institution.
This is the worst possible credit union.
They charged my daughter $10 for using the same teller.
Credit unions are supposed to work for members, not nickel and dime them to death.
I love this bank.
Glad they have so many locations, especially finding them in the wal-marts.
This branch isn't favorite but i don't mind stopping in to take care of business
Pretty poor excuse for a financial institution.
Saturday morning i talked with the branch manager and she didn't have a clue.
A "computer glitch" at a bank?????
Wow, what a confidence builder that is.
Two of the reps i have done transactions with at this location, alex and jose, have been excellent.
The transaction that day was getting a medallion stamp for a financial transaction.
One of the two of them said they needed to see an account statement to "prove ownership".
Even in the worst scenarios of grading on a curve, 50% is usually a failure grade.
And, that is what chase has done: failed to perform.
This is one of my local scotiabanks.
It's with in walking distance from my office and house, the location is clean and the staff are friendly.
They are very efficient, and very helpful.
I'll agree with chris p - the hours are not great, but no bank has good hours these days.
I will admit, i hate that they are not open on saturdays and sundays.
All in all a great bank....
Won't wave the fee either !
This is why i don't bank with them
Went in saturday to open an account and were greeted by blake as soon as we walked in.
Knowledgeable and personable, blake made the experience fun and memorable!
Got us all set up and made us feel at home.
We walked out feeling like we had been coming here for years!
Great experience, great location for us, and plenty of branch and atm locations for convenience.
Our new favorite home-town bank!
Brittany was awesome today!
Got me what i needed and fast on my lunch break!
Very poor customer service.
So i'm going to take this business else where!
I absolutely hate this bank!
In my entire life i have never banked with such a money hungry organization.
Overdraft fees hit your account in the blink of eye!
The employees are being paid with my stolen money long enough.
They'll find a way to say something was pending and charge you an overdraft fee for every single transaction.
Closing my account immediately!!
So i was out in the greater phoenix area and stayed out here in surprise!
So what were we to do but head over to the bank.
Well surprise surprise... arizona still has drive up tellers... that kicks azz!
I miss these in california.
Pro tip: drive thru, walk in, or atms who could ask for more?
Well we had a quick n easy trip to this branch.
Friendly, lots of ac inside i would imagine (we didn't go in), easy to navigate drive through lanes.
What more do you need?
How about a quick n easy transaction and we were in and out and didn't have to leave the car.
Talk about nice and wonderfully easy.
Great quickie trip to the bank.
I wish that we had the drive through tellers in california still...
This branch is a really neat building, located on the nw corner of dysart and mcdowell.
The staff is really friendly, and nice, very helpful.
My new dsfcu location.
Christie is a teller at the speedway & pantano road branch in tucson, az she is extremely rude.
I advise if anyone visits this branch, please stay away from her.
Don't work with her in person or over the phone.
There is zero accountability with this financial establishment.
Look, made a yelp just because of this bank.
I go in to simply get a new card sent to my address.
Then i tried to contact the branch over phone multiple times and everything i was sent to a voicemail!
More employees than customers yet 20+ minutes wait time.
1 cashier and 5 other employees just watching.
Horribly inefficient customer service, closing my accounts as we speak.
Had fraud on my account.
They told me i could come anytime, and never suggested setting me up with an appointment.
They then proceed to tell me i couldn't get an appointment until, 1:30pm.
The people here we're all really nice.
It's a good looking location as well.
The only thing is that if you map it from here, it won't take you right to the location.
It's a little off, the branch is right by la fitness
As a member of nfcu since 1991, i have seen it evolve into a world class banking institution.
With their online banking, phone service, bill pay and e-deposit.
I find i no longer need to go to their branch for my banking needs.
Their customer service is also excellent and nfcu is known for their generous credit lines and low interest rates.
If you qualify, i highly recommend nfcu for all  your banking needs.
I go here even though they constantly take my money.
Oh well, haters gotta hate.
;-)  seriously tho, shoutout for the puppies debit card!
Candi is the best and most helpful person there.
I just found out she left jos a banks to go work at infinity selling new cars.
I'm sure she will be number one there as she was for three years at jos a banks.
Yes, they can do that now-a-days.
I spend too much time trying to protect myself from my own bank.....very sad
Full service inside safeway anything you need done they can do.
Friendly service top notch.
Very rude employees and very poor service.
I went to the chase on durango and desert inn instead and had a much better experience.
On hold for 45 mins.
Erroneous charge against my credit report.
Businesses looking to hire a credit recovery agency should probably look elsewhere.
I called the client and they told me that:  that information is incorrect and i couldn't pay over the phone.
God help you if you are unfortunate enough to deal with these people.
I stopped by today to see if i could get a couple of nsf fees removed.
I felt very welcomed and the customer service was top notch.
The banker addressed all my concerns.
I've enjoyed banking specifically with this wells fargo branch location for over a decade.
The staff is trained well and consistently resourceful and courteous.
They've assisted in transferring, linking and renaming our accounts.
The tellers are efficient with shortening a waiting line.
Overall if you are looking for a reliable place to stash your funds, come here.
I was greeted at the door by an friendly employee who directed me to a teller for my transaction.
They also had what appeared to be a complimentary hot coffee station by the door as well.
That was a nice touch.
I think she was finished crediting my account within 90 seconds.
Bank of america is getting extremely ridiculous.
I am currently in line behind 15 people and there is 1 teller.
And then they always have the 1 idiot that greets you and asks what they can help you with.
7 teller windows and there has never been more than 2 tellers in this bank.
It's not just this location either.
Every time i go to bank of america there is a long wait that is not necessary.
Start thinking about your customer service!!!
Let's be honest who actually loves going inside a bank?
Here is the thing that most people don't understand, the quote "perception becomes reality".
Check in and inform people what is to be expected from your place of business.
I walked in this past weekend needing a temporary card since the atm decided to eat mine.
I waited and waited and watched as people were on the phone and just doing nothing on the computer.
But who am i ?
Maybe they really were busy?
After a good 10-12 minutes i was finally called.
Is 10-12 minutes a bad wait?
I had to expedite this transaction because i had things to do.
I don't want any additional products from you especially after seeing how i was just treated.
Same sad scenario at many of the locations a ton of bankers no tellers and extremely long lines....
So why this y?
This also means the crowds are manageable and people tend to know the other people around.
I don't find this so much at the dowd, for example.
The friendly aires here are just a little more appealing both for motivational and enjoyment of the visit purposes.
Second, the cardio and weight equipment is well-maintained and logically laid out.
When you are on a schedule, this helps.
Third, everything you want is here in one place.
Group ex classes, a pool, an indoor track, personal training and basketball half court.
Lunchtime tends to be busiest, but the early morning crowd gets decently sized too.
The after work rush is much more subdued lately, no real idea why.
Amazing how things empty out then.
The times do not apply on the weekends, though i am sure the gym here is closed completely on sundays.
Whatever you do, just make sure you stamp your parking ticket with the y stamp at the entrance.
The parking deck attendants have little mercy for those who do not follow the restrictions.
Went to this location and used the atm.
It declined my transaction and spit out a receipt that said "transaction declined".
However,  my bank shows the transaction went through.
So chase charges my bank and doesn't pay out any money.
Of course nobody at chase gives a crap and won't help or even listen for that matter.
Stay away from chase bank.
Unfortunately, ginnie mae sold my mortgage from boa to carrington mortgage services.
It's so gross to even touch the handles of the door not the mention the glass ewwwww.
And today their atms ( yes with an "s" coz 3 out of 4..... is not working !
The entrance itself to go to the bank is filthy .
I got inside the teller told me ah you know you can do this at the atm.
You have nobody in your line i can come get money here too.
I sure wouldn't go to the teller just to get 80 buckaroos.
Got to go ...
I need to wash and sanitize my hand !
Stopped into this branch on thursday, feb 17th.
The hours on the door indicated they were open until 5:30 and i arrived right at 5pm.
The branch was empty with the exception of a few employees.
I was greeted by one of the tellers.
I explained my desire to apply for a loan and was directed to a young man named anthony.
Anthony could barely muster a friendly attitude.
He was visibly annoyed to have to deal with me so close to branch closing hours.
One benefit to his eagerness to be done with me is that he flew through the process.
I was literally done by 5:18.
At which point his attitude improved significantly.
The very next day i received a follow-up call from the sunwest federal credit union loan team.
They needed some additional information which i was happy to provide.
It was clear she felt bothered to have to deal with me.
Ultimately i decided to take my business elsewhere.
There are just too many other banks and credit unions that would appreciate my time and business.
I have been a customer of wells fargo for a year and have deposited a good amount of money.
Since now the economy sucks and i dont have a job my account overdrafted.
I will be getting money on the 1st to pay off my overdraft.
The overdraft department has called me non stop and been very rude, treating me like i am lower than dirt.
Im sorry  but i thought i was still a customer.
Today briane from that department hung up on me and was very rude.
I do not recomend this bank to anyone!!!
I hate banks period but this one needs to be gone.
This actual location has some of the nicest tellers but overall i hate wells fargo!
I hope they all know they could be me tomorrow with no job.
Uw credit union started taking $8 out of my account for "fees" without informing me why.
By the time i noticed they had taken $32 out of my account.
I closed this account and will go to a more respectable bank.
I'll never work with uw credit union.
They are a bunch of cheats.
These employees are thieves!!!
I went into to get a money order and they took $20 from me.
My friend said, "no, count it again".
She counted it twice and still said that my friend was short.
Then we noticed that the lady was hiding a $20 dollar bill behind another bill...as if it's just one bill.
If i go again, i will record them doing this, so i can send it to their corporate office.
State farm in general has always been imo the best agency around.
Take it one step farther and get the best agent they have.
She's got a lot of experience and loves what she does.
I highly recommend her and state farm.
Nice, clean, fast, and always pleasant.
Have been using this branch for years and i can't think of a single negative.
The drive through atm is not great for depositing checks but that serves me right for being lazy.
Ralph (personal banker) thew a boomerang with me...took a negative and slashed it to a glorious positive.
Recently had a charge that blew a flurry into my checking account.
To simplify the matter, he delivered me from potential stress and an farewell.
Rbc charged me $15 to receive a wire transfer.
It's electronic no work involved.
I think the cost is exorbitant.
Received a check from my insurance company drawn on bank of america.
When i went to cash it they refused.
The best part was when they told me if i had tendered the check one month before no problems.
Seems they have been lowering and lowering the limit to see how far they can go.
Pretty soon it might be ten dollars.
It's a bank, nothing to get too excited about folks.
My husband rick and i have our mortgage here and our checking and savings accounts.
The people here are pleasant enough at this location.
Thursdays, they are open later, until 6, i believe.
They have drive through and walk up atms.
This branch is also remodeled and support all bank products such as investment and mortgage.
Went to the teller to ask if i can deposit with them manually and they said no, not to tangerine.
Next scotiabank location is around 15 mins walk away.
Hoping their atms are working...
I want to say first that i'm very saddened that i cannot give this branch more than 3 stars.
The most recent visit during my lunch, around 1230pm proved to be the most disappointing.
12 people in front of me and 1 of the 2 tellers walked away to do i'm not sure what.
It took me over 20 mins before i was able to make my withdraw, simply not good service at all.
I hope this changes soon :(
My mom had to move out of her home and move into seniors and she is not a well woman.
And people they are a collection agency not a law firm!!!
Worst customer service ever.
I told the teller, don't we suppose to fill out the slip first the approach the teller?
Great customer service everytime i come into this location as well.
By far the worst bank ever.
They post charges out of order to rack up the fees.
They don't believe in reversing any fees as a courtesy.
The list just goes on and on.
Stay away from this bank.
I just relocated to scottsdale and needed to open a new bank account.
I sat with patricia who was so warm and kind.
I'm happy with the whole process; super easy and seamless.
I'm happy to be a part of this local bank!
Want to entrust your money to drug-addicted, ghetto, semi-literate, lazy-ass trash?
Then this is the bank for you!
When i asked to speak to the little drug addict's manager, the manager was conveniently nowhere to be found.
Guess the hag thought she was going to get some sympathy from me.
When i asked for her manager's name and phone number, she refused to give me that information.
She ordered me to leave or she was going to call security.
I told her that i was already leaving, and that i would be finding another bank to do business with.
She screamed at me at the top of her lungs to find some new antidepressant medication or something.
I told her to go fuck herself, and i left.
If you like being treated like a backward child by ghetto drug addicts, you will be very happy here!
Dont come its a waste of your time!
To start off on a good note the people that work here are polite.
Which they should've checked with me first since its their "job".
In total i wasted about two hours of my time and got they nothing done for me at all.
This is my local branch that i normally do business at.
Until today, i had the pleasure of working with chad b to resolve a small discrepancy.
Super friendly, very helpful and very professional.
He is a great addition to the bank
This is a very friendly banking center.
The tellers and bankers are all very helpful and eager to help.
Absolutely the worst bank ever!!!
They refused to help me had to get the manager involved.
Don't they understand when people go on vacation they need to have some spending money????
They are the worst and very very rude!!!
I am withdrawing my money as soon as i get back - will never bank with them ever again.
After she had asked me a question and i was answering ...
Really rude don't recommend coming to this location....
And to my surprise there is no drive up atm!
This is very disappointing.
I have an infant and a toddler and the convenience of not having to leave my car is paramount.
I noticed on their website today that they are offering 100% home financing.
Becky answered the phone when i called (740-3542) and answered every one of my questions about this product.
We have actual choices now!
Special thank you to manager kevin k. for taking awesome care of me today!
You have gone above and beyond and im very grateful!
Keep up the great head of hair you are blessed with :)
Are you kidding me?
There isn't enough space in this review to cover all the great things i have to say about pinnacle.
We worked with greg thorell to buy our first home through pinnacle.
They are on top of every step of the process and are always willing to answer questions.
We locked in early at an incredible rate and couldn't be happier with the outcome.
If you dont have grandchildren yet, you will by the time you get out of this bank.
Since bofa had cutbacks there is only one teller working here.
And if you need to speak to a banking rep, good luck.
Bring a tent and sleeping bag becuase you will be here for a while.
I recently visited this facility visiting charlotte, nc.
The address on the outside of the building says something totally different, and unrelated to '301' 'college' or 'st'.
But, after calling the staff help me via telephone to find their location.
I was very impressed with the facility and its cleanliness.
I also took the body pump class with sue m. and another young lady.
The class was great and i'd suggest others to take it as well.
Wow, this bank if america is extremely slow.
They always only have one teller working while the other employees walk around looking crazy in the face.
You not doing me a favor, i could defiantly go to walmart and cash it for .40.
This bank is closest to my home and i needed a document notarized today.
It was a shame that this rule was not upheld today.
Dwayne is a joy to work with!
Honest, trustworthy and professional.
Everything you could ever ask for in an insurance agent.
There isn't a better bank staff.
They are extremely happy, inviting and helpful.
