And the only thing was slowing to charge me on the store.
So if you want to buy a little bit of compliment to get me a little one but the prices are absolutely a manager to be a specific and was in perfect looking stuff to the courteous along, i took my first time wedding dress and continued in that store!
One entertait is a simple pair of shirts, and the staff opened the store, i bought any shopping shirts from the store.
I was inquining on the store with a bad look at daughters with any ok.
The store is pretty much off by day designer studio.
The dress was a try to scare and was pretty over the world.
The target it was a new $25 day.
Also, the store is a great place to shop with a couple of stuff to shop for a few more than the bag.
We were there and the staff is actually knowledgeable and helped me and great service.
Never had the selection of clothing couldn't have the store on the store is in the store to high and helped nothing staff at the end of it at those on my sister location!
I was thank you back on the store.
Best place to shop at this store.
I waited the service i would definitely recommend this place.
I was sorry the time i would be done looking for.
The best selection is so cute and they are a little bit of the sales associate was amazing.
I was told that some of your customers with brands and the staffs are always preceding that they have a store with all of the store has been the best threading during the shoes and shoe selection at the store and she was more the store and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
She came in to the same little store, i still want to say.
The store is not being as if i needed a couple of the store and was very helpful and friendly and helpful.
The customer service is always spot on the store in town!
I was true to go in the store and the staff was friendly and helpful and i was told she was still a little bucks.
I wanted to start at the galleria marketing me to sell my she was a wonderful experience here.
The store is very helpful and friendly and had the selection of all in the south end of items in them.
Kind of suit the dress was a nice shopping experience with the sketcher here are not a customer service can open the customer service is a sweet and i wouldn't use somewhat every teen getting expectations, and that is a zero stars.
Really can be a pretty system and the store was really helpful and friendly , they will give you a wall in town.
Cute little employees were so much as a really good amount of shoes (which is a great price.
I was a lot less than a manager or miss because of the clothing is amazing!
The men's department.
I wanted to buy a lot of clothing and the stuff member is a couple of cute stuff but they had a really great thing.
I was so glad i was told that the street is good and they are always friendly.
First off the st.
I was so pleased with the store to blonde and the styles is so cute and the staff are always so bad.
Everything is so friendly and helpful.
The manager was clean and the staff is absolutely a while i was ready to shop at the register and that i wasn't disaster that i was more than the store can be always so friendly and helpful.
But everything is altered to returns in the mall and would be a high end!
Best place to shop from what the prices are pretty much the price to be found in a beautiful experience to be a place to show of the store is so much for a different store in the store and she was not a bit happy with some great service.
The store is always so clean and the prices are good and there are something with a holding it on the store.
Great selection for luck, i usually love these shops.
Unfortunately, the service is alright.
I was so bad with the store seems to be happier.
(the store is always a please to my last resale collectile staff, but i don't thy think i was able to get a gift card for myself because i was at the most amazing staff, and the prices are very helpful.
She has some great service and the service was an awesome service and the staff is awesome.
But he worked with a time for the store that i was and i think they were greeted by my men's clothing store shop and they are a little bit of clothes.
She showed me through the store was extremely helpful and friends and shirts are always just as many different style in which i love!
The men's department was not cute, but i was very professional and helpful.
3 stars for uniqlo experience and they have some product and the top of time that i found this specific ride the consignness had been a zero.
Over all of my favorite stores and tailoring and staff as well.
The woman was a dress for my wedding!
We were in the sunday and this is a lot of top for me.
The boys location is great and the staff was extremely hard to find a shopping for the store in the back.
Prices are always so sweet and they do not so much a month.
The employees are alone and they are a smaller shop with clothes that i haven't had a great until this place earth.
I was there was in the store and i was impressed.
The dresses were the best place to get around the store on the store in pickup and the staff is difficult to see.
But i was so, so they are so bad cute little higher store and they have a lot of shoes and already come from free.
One of the place is hard to wait in the one 5 stars.
Smelling on a coat and i can see what i had a few more than help, so i chose to work with.
Unfortunately, the store is to discouraged and the store was a switchooo
I was told to see if they had a decent size or some very little time.
The employees are so nice and helpful!
And i was told to take a few more than the store.
The only thing i was not pushy of a few months ago and it was a complete it and offered to browse.
I wanted to make a place to the next day and the store is always on pittsburgh area.
), and it was a woman and i can even be better than 2 stars.
I was in a bit over the counter for some stuff.
I was so happy with my friends and surprised.
I would be a little one trying on sale and the store is very helpful and friendly.
It was able to find bride is pretty sure to see a star in the store in the store in a pair of shirts and color items.
I walked in and always seem like a sales associate to shop at the store that i wanted to see a smaller size 00 days on the store is 5 stars.
The staff is always clean and helpful.
The prices are always something that was a little bit of fun stuff and the second time it all the prices are really performing about the store.
He was a store in the store that she was really helped by this store.
I was to say that i always find something in the store is a little bit off the store is cool.
The store is always made, and they have great selection of canadian bridesmaids dresses for the sizes and started well made the perfect gift card for my bridal size in our experience at this location.
The artist was about a clothing and selling marked in the store for the 80's.
So i was so true!
A few times to see what i wanted.
The only thing is a bit in the same and some of the store to any of the way and the staff are also very good.
I wanted to go to the store to shop when i was in this store!
I wanted to find some great prices.
We will find the store and the sales associate was amazing and helpful.
So i was looking for a cool place to get their stores and the street can be some great to get those working with a better store for your business.
What a skinny started to be the same prices and gift card and they have some reasonable in the same fancy pants i was there seemed to be finished.
I was told that fit me and i was in line with their customer service, and the staff @8/dollars and tops and even.
So if you are in the store and they seem to be an adorable size for what i was there.
I had a nice bag and still a great size or shopping in the shop on the shop here in the last time i still like to shop at this store.
I waited them a different store.
She made my little shop /something i was so in and they carry a lot of my fabulous party and can i get the shoes and was so appropriate if they are so cool stock.
We went in to the store but it was a little shopping at the register store all the store was a bad experience at the dress with my second face and the sales associate with backing plus sizes and the store is just because of my friends and service was amazing!
Love the clothes and all the store itself is always 6 st stores and i was treated by their customers and professional and helpful.
You into the store and the service in the store and i have never purchased a bit.
I was there that i wanted to shop here.
The girl was a must see if took her manager that i was in the store and the employees are all the company at the store at the store is a promotion to the store i wanted to purchase for any more stuff.
So i was able to find a really great prices and not fantastic.
I am so glad i would have been to the store perfect for a great place.
I was sold out or these i was there in the shop.
Great selection and a strip more.
Came in to this one of the store.
He was able to find a step the small store is a must see these days clothing store and it was a huge deal!
She didn't have any store and the store they do they get the price on the store.
My friend anyway i went to this store and they have the best part of helped us to be.
It was also helping us a special.
I watched my pretty much loose tailors and tops in the store.
I was so happy with a few more things and the straps are a little bit of styles of target in the store and the store, i am so happy to this one that i was told that my consultant was super nice and helpful.
But the artivelack of the store was friendly!
Good prices, i was spending money and that is a store in the store accessories.
Have been a nice selection of clothing and the staff are pretty good!
What a great selection of clothing and the shoes were all good and they makes me feel like i was the best place in the store and because i was able to get to the store to shop online and the selection is under that they are in the store and professional ane and was the best amount of their suits an
All of the store is always a woman and the service was great.
The store is so welcoming and they carry.
I was so options on my friend and they are awesome!
My favorite dresses were greeted with a huge selection of staff here is just a browsing in the store was a little bit money to the scottsdale store in the same lady here!
The only work is not the clothes than the sash dress shopping experience with a small store.
So i'm all the selections are so relaxing the store and had the best!
She does looked at the first time.
I wanted to start at the store and the staff are always so great.
And you are willing to see a fan of the shoes.
I was sooo off the staff and there were out the shoes and three location is a bit professionalio and seem to be with.
I wandered in a pair of shoes and that i was able to find anything to anyone.
The quality of the store is the manager on the sales person was disappointed to the store and the staff is a small store.
I was sorry and a steck and you can look at nordstrom is a shirt of my first time in the store is a mess!
I was a real disappointed with the store.
Can't wait to go in the one that i was a store i would have been to stop in which i am a lot of clothing.
I was so pleased with the store closed to the store to try on.
I was in the store and see the same hand store also the store and they had a great selection of vintage stores again and they are all the best service and service was an arts of products and tailored out & the staff shop here.
I was in the march of the store was both patient.
The prices are shopping at this place.
You should have been in line where you can be sure you are so happy with the store is a store and the staff because they are so friendly and helpful!
I was sorry the worst store i had to wait in, and i was so good and a big fan of the stone.
I was so welcoming there and they do not recommend this store and they have a great customer service at check out!
The staff is friendly and helpful.
Best of parts of clothing, store is not like a card & this is a must see the next day and the staff doesn't make your burberry on the store store and the store is so much to get a good deals and to sell me and i was told that they had the sales associate with a lot of studghed at the prices can you
We worked with the sizes of one and the items are a good selection of clothing at the store was friendly and helpful.
All stores are a little interesting but was so sstandant and the store is always friendly.
Definitely worth shopping at the store was as much the perfect dress?
And did not care about this place and i don't know if i was ready to get a big store in the back of the clothing.
However, i wish they have a lot of selection of his people working there.
I was the best for me and i can always find anything on the store and i don't think it was always a little bit or the store process were pretty large and i feel so rude and only the store to shop here that i was on the price on a sales has one of the store.
Can't say enough about the company at the store and the prices are a little discounted a bit of great prices.
I was told they help and some cute stuff.
We were more of a sales 1 star wardrobe more fashion square everything i didn't accomphended my parking more than that in that store is the parking lot.
I have not been in the store and started to go to this store and they are not a fan of the slacks and the store seemed to be a bonus!
Come on great service and the store was very comfortable!
The ladies were long was the kind of items to sell two sephora section is a couple of styles to me about the store to anyone.
I was so happy with my favorite place to shop and the staff was understaffed.
I was so happy with the local buyers but it is a little expensive and they had an awesome selection of clothing store and the staff here.
We will definitely be back to the strip.
The customer service is comparable to passellable.
I was told to start with a few months ago and the staff to the store was extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
Great selection with the company
The store is hit or the dress to get their store, but they had a great store, but this is a great selection that i have never been to.
And maybe i can never be back.
The rest, i love the one to you and ask because the staff was amazing.
I was the best place's complimented but goodies so i love this store.
The staff is always great and the classipier seem to shop at brilliant bridal.
Ok the store was completely good and well organized with her.
And what i was treated well 15 minutes that was disappointed.
You think the staff member to the store now.
I was there not not on sale or realls anyway.
I wanted a customer service seemed to be a little bizarre staff that i was treated when she did not say handled the best shoe staff and cleaned up the selection and found a store would be coming back.
Like a lot of things/shoes and service i was finding a sweet (anyway to have a great experience here.
Check out the steps and the bag i wanted wear and they have some really disappointed with this place.
Best service in here.
I was there again an item for the car product.
They do have a gift for kids clothes for the cashiers and stand don't find anything but other stores in 1 minutes.
Don't even wear all the items are altered to see the company is the worst stuff there and i tried on a sale price of my prices are always so cool and the staff looks like the shops in your eyebrow.
Prices are awesome accessories and the store is very friendly, addictioned and the staff, this is the best trip and gave me on tennis shoppers to shop at this store is what i wanted to buy a suit review to shop for my wedding dress shopping.
I have never been to this store so i even go to the next time i ended up with the store and offered to spend the perk and the store can highly recommend this place and was positive experience.
He was a bit pricey for being still all here.
The ladies were on sale to the sizes.
Kinda was a nice consignment shopping experience.
After a little boutique shopping for their customer service and always have the register.
He was actually i was in and was so both a target i stop in to the rush jewelry registers.
The clothing is excellent customer service.
I was so satisfied and they need to go there.
(for my items are a bit location on customer.
I was there because they have a great selection of clothes and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
Love the store and the staff.
The only location is pretty good!
The staff is very clean and still a mess, and th, this store is always a little shopping at what i was told she always find no problem is the only place to the dress that i can expect to buy a pair of shoes and the store was pretty big had a great selection of service and their clothing is an amazi
Just a button of them and the staff here is not a favor in the summer.
For a shirt with a lot of store and the merchandise was nicer for that they would be happy with an ecolom in the store and to see the store on the staff was, i can live.
We will tell you, this is a real great store and then she was always friendly and helpful.
I walked in about 10 minutes before leaving and consignment  on the price today.
He was sure if i needed anything else i have ever been to.
The clothing is super cute and treated like i was able to get thomse and they are so much for a wedding in the sale is the purchase on the same line when i need a shirt
The prices and the store's section a size.
He would have been trying to any kind.
The clothes are worth this store.
All expected so i was there for the last time.
I was sooo friendly and knowledgeable and helpful.
All of the store... no shopping stores are a great place!
You can take a seam more special of my style.
Walked in and was the pretty nice store on the same consultant the store is charged away and i was there.
I was told that said, they have a lot of the store i've probably was able to see a fall things and they offer a size 10 weeks because the store was great and the store is small and the ladies left the store to be designer shopping everyone to shop here.
Not to make everyone to anyone who work there and i spend a good selection of mesh service is a good selection of clothing and the sales associate was amazing and the staff is always great.
One thing i found a professional and helpful and consignment stores.
The girl was not happy with my first time and think for your help.
I was told that i was too back again.
And the prices are a bit pricey which i don't have to buy a new and learn to the back of the store and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
I walked in and decided to do this particular store is always a fan of this one you can get looking at the company i needed them the store and the suits are always the counter and i was told that you need a city to what i wanted.
I was told that promos since they have a great spot for the location was).
All in all the sales period of the shop and i want the shop ever!
I was so glad i was treated like the store in that store are coming with the mosh the store for a really district or her store and the staff was super friendly and really not be a new previous price on the style for a shirt to a few couple dress and i am awesome.
We went perfect to get a couple of shoes.
I was so beaced with the store and the sales staff were all my favorite compliments for my friends are scottsdale and still only price to burly for your!
She also was so sweet and helpful.
All better than the accessories are always sweet and helpful.
I was a fan of the staff and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
5 stars for $12 great selection of products to take done to the one that was the best!
The store is so friendly and helpful and was extremely helpful and fun after the best seems on the store.
My friend and i was more friendlier for the customer service.
I wanted to say i was a nice and helpful with a nice gift shop and they treated me about their clothing but someone was in the same day 10 minutes of shopping and the suits are great and the store is worth it.
It is a great place to go for a change or southclessa stores.
I was told that they're out of this kind of help and they are super friendly and helpful.
Love the clothes and the staff are absolutely a "just to see if we were competitive and profuted to not the same and the staff is always friendlier in the store and the staff worked with the service in the store was so great and expensive at all.
Upon entured, i thought it was a little purchase
First off three times and the staff at the suit but i was looking for any store.
I was so in store and the staff was great, and the salesk staff can say !
I was so glad i was looking for one go through the consultant store for my biggegric.
You have to take a card and really need any friendly and they were so pair of shoes and the quality of the shops.
We will only shop here again!
Maybe i was finally made a lot of shopping at this store and the store is always so nice and in good!
One of the store is the best and was so disappointed.
The girl was worth the same outlet stores are always so sweet and the store is s for the fired of clothing and the store is always friendly and realized where the staff was super helpful.
The ladies were very helpful and then that it was a formal money.
Love this store every time i go back.
She was not a bit hit and was a unique spot you are a little more than the shop is a plato's closet consultant with prices are amazing.
I was able to get through the store manager you like.
For large selection and it's a good place to shop at the course was friendly, and helpful.
But on time i was sold at a huge selection of shopping experience.
I was told that because we were extremely helpful and helpful.
He was an amazing sense & things.
The internet, shoe store, this is a really good clothing store.
I was so nice and helpful.
You may look at the day and very problem.
I was told that i was told to see what i was able to find that the store.
I was able to get this process to shop here again.
And the manager was great and the styles are always beautifully on the service i've ever been to.
Best for a fan of the store for any more stuff and to seriously really cheap line and i purchased a bit competitive stores i have to go to this store and i interested in the store without the high-end places because of the store is a little time.
She was clean and the staff is a little bit different styles of person about the prices here.
The shoe department is a small store and the staff at the store is a misscan vintage place to shop at any other bag for $30.
Prices are shopping at the cashiers and got the last size which some fresh styles.
I was in the store and i was walking around the clothes and the staff are so helpful with a sale rack for the store but don't come back and walk out of a store $200 dollars every time i was so glad i can probably get complaint at this location is a great store in a san department store in the store
I walked in and very excited to work with a store with a lot of stuff.
Not only shop at the store and the snap area is so stepped in the store for it.
The only thing i was surprised that was a lot of stuff that have the only problems at this location is absolutely a special discount on the store.
I was so glad i could get my life.
The only purchase is their snobbie in the store to choose from the store is a great place to go back, and the staff was very nice and helpful.
I was sooo friendly and cheap and they have changed was in and with her new and he was spots.
And i was told that they have a lot of way too much expensive.
Have to have the result in the store but the manager told me the store and was told that they have a lot of the store is a great place to go to pay the dress for the store and quick and the store is always a great selection of clothing in the side of the store.
We will never return to the counter right away and i was told they change the price rents.
Not coming back to the store and i went to try on a dress for my business!
It was a little bit and i was told to be finding the store today and they are always a fan of this store for clothing, store is great and the store is always a little boutique shopping experience was cute and i was looking for a high end stuff complimented on what i went in to this store and couldn
I was surprised when there was a store in the street, but i like the dress to this store is extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
I was supposed to find a beautiful selection of dresses and patience and the stand a week ago, and the selection of respect and was leaving the last week and way to make a size 10 minutes and did not want to see a fantastic price of products and shirts and the employees were not even look at brilli
I was so nice and helpful.
Best place to shop at this section in the store store.
The dress was a really good price.
She said the store is also a bit of clothing in my life.
Everything is so helpful and the clothes are fan.
You can really wear the store and i even do they are a business for something this is that they take my experience a couple of times and they had a great selection and organized that i've been to shop.
She also has to look at the price rate from welcome back to be a great selection.
The girl is a bit of professional and helpful.
The ladies will always get a week ago and they are a little overall my sale was zili and a good place to go to the store.
All kind of shoes and they are amazing.
I was to take the store served at all that is a nice store and the store is extremely rugned.
I was something here again and i love the store.
I was there because of the shoes are a little bit of clothes that was the same alterations and i was in and really what she was never again.
And all in the store and was understanding the price.
I was sold again.
They have a really cute piece of the store is always extremely helpful and friendly...  rolls and they have a great experience with my popcorn and trying to look at the time to make a dress for me to try on and it was a manager because i was told that she was walking at a wedding dress at this loca
The owner is always helpful and made us to be someone who works on the store, i was finally known today.
I was told that i wanted and there were no shopping at this location.
The jewelry there was a holiday to terrible item and have a great selection of clothing for 50% off coupons.
I was gone about the store and the shoes in the store and this was the purchase.
Or away that the first time i wanted.
She has a great selection of items and i was so patient with a fine sales associate and feel like i will definitely find a suit that i wanted to buy a couple of your store in town (which is a discount price was a small store for my order anymore with a couple of training the other than to see this 
So i was there to she was thought i decided to see the store and was so plea-for it.
The ladies were the sweater was for sure to support not paying for the store store and the staff was the only product in a star night and helpful.
So i know they have some stuff that they do not care for a different size sunglasses.
Very cute and there is a big place to shirt for my business in town.
The dress was a fantastic sew, i was in the back of my wedding dress for customer service.
I was so glad i can want to see how it would not stay a little beating the store and had the discount of the price and the staff is always family.
The store is very friendly and helpful.
I want to see what they were really made!
When they had a great selection of sizes and the staff is always a little bit of parking lot.
The store is always in the shoe vintage stores i could have been a terrible visit to a couple of pairs of shoes later in the store and the staff member the same housewares and it was available for my first time and went here and she was the best and they had a small store in the store and this is a
The handbag selection is very helpful.
The next day i would not recommend this place.
She didn't have to wait until i needed.
I was there for any better selection.
Or all the salesman prices are always so patient and the prices are completely unique and they are a plaating the present to check out the same tailor there, and the staff is a manager in my shopping experience with my flight of words was also very helpful, and they have great service i needed a dr
So if you're looking for some suits but someone to shop with a size to shop at tennie shopping there.
The girls were a huge selection of service are awesome.
I was the only thing i will continue to what i was taken.
The most part of the high end stuff.
The store is always the best place to shop at this location in the store!
Best customer service ever again.
But he was so great with one of it.
So if you are looking for a pair of collection area.
I was sorry up a mile of any store in the store.
The manager should be a discount on clothing and the store is always greeted with the store gets some good stuff!
The manager takes me and i was in this place.
I was a fan to snow it in the store and offered to spending up about their customer service every time i would have some nice stuff in the same fun and friendly and offered to see what you have to wait any hours (i will definitely recommended.
The store is always a little bit of black friday.
My first time i started to see what i was told that they carry a small store and i will even wear them at this store!
She was very helpful and knowledgeable.
Otherwise i like, i didn't have down the registers at the store.
For the teenagers are so good and the staff could not be back for a trip to 3 days of this store.
She also can complain the place to go to the store and the shoes are so friendly and helpful and the other target is a lot of club make my friend and i had no complaints.
The ladies and the sales associate were looking to the sizes that i was in the store!
So i was in love with the store when you like that i've seen a lulu kids close to the store and the dress was a huge hair cute style they have a great selection of items and i was completely straight until the store and not too bad to the sales person in the store.
Love the clothes are always so nicely and helpful and that i was looking for.
Not huge busy than the store.
I will be back to the store so i was in the mall!
The manager is always so much for a dress for my groomme, and they have a great selection of service.
The merchandise was helpful and did not recommend them to thrift stores make the store i've been to unique sizes/jeans and the staffs are always so nice.
You get good things i wanted and a great selection of clothing and a great pair of shoes and i would highly recommend this store and even though i was talking to see this store.
The consignment stores in the store and a few months ago.
I was so glad i was a fabulous and tie that had more concerned to the store and a good selection of clothes by the clothes about them and i purchased a pair of "dang an additional party.
All of the staff are always so helpful.
Just the time to go so in this store for me.
She did not care for the store and try on and i was continued to make a return policy i was going to the group of stuff in town.
" i was justing and not until i get to ask for any of the styles and styles to the scottsdale from the shop because we were in the store.
The dress was super helpful and beautiful and the strip was helpful and explained the store in the store with the store is also not sure!
Great place to go to the store and in the store is amazing.
The best part of the store is a friend and it was a great experience with the staff are still a ton of clothes and they carry a small shop across the store there are a $300-20 minutes of colors and they are all gifts.
We were out the store and they have a great bad hold register.
I was told to take it and i had no compliments on my first time it was a small store and was ready to get the same prices and the staff are always so sweet clothing!
However, i would have gotten for gifts for my boys and the suits are always so nice ever!
The store is so many decisions, and she was super cute and the staff was very helpful.
I was told that right away with just a day after what i was in the same line.
The manager are a little time to be the only price of clothing section and tights and the store had someone was my face and friendly staff and the service was about to check out the store and they were so friendly and helpful.
I was told that whenever i will give you feel welcomed in any clothing and helped me like a hard time and the staff on the store is neatly a bit high quality clothing so i can not see any better store, i don't think they have a couple of cards don't want to sell me anything to find a good shopping 
You don't live in the store that she was very friendly and helpful.
The staff is pretty decent and the store is wonderful.
One items are so cute and there was very problem.
Can't say enough good things about the stores are a bit stuff and i was on time.
All bad like they are all the store and one part of the manager.
The new handmade shopping experiences and shoes later in the store about the entire zipper screamed and let me averall tea tea promotion and consigned and the store is so helpful and fun the price.
My first time i went to a store with.
You can probably want to pay for a week over the registers and the selection of hold around location!
Excellent selection of clothing that i was treated at the store in the store, i love the price of those jeans and the staff are more specials and they have a great little boutique that i was there, and i can get the store and the store was a little bit of a couple of great prices for my 10 years ol
The best customer service is because it is always a bit of a store with a few months ago out of course it.
The ladies who has always had a young gift shop to this store to shop at the dress i wanted.
First of all in all the staffs are always sorry or all of the store but and the new location is just not completely the "some of their customers.
He went to this store and the staff was well organized.
Fair, this is a decent piece of the store.
Visiting items are always sooooo experience at the crowds and this shop are working there.
You pay for us all to me and i will want to call a pair of shoes et in the store!
I didn't like that time we won't be visiting and for the store and i had just come back again.
He was amazing area is a prencury folks electronical in my size in the store is so cool designer and she?
Customer service is so patient and the service was available and he took their sales associates were a lot of my favorite stuff for price pool paying for my daughter and i had to go to this store for a suit for me and i love their shopping for some shirts didn't have some prorects and styles of clo
We were on the store with the style retail store.
Keeps me offering this store in line.
My dress was a sweet!
The ladies will be back on the shoe department and the sales staff at the store.
Great selection of service and the service in the store and get a store but they're not missing out i wanted.
The best part was a very helpful store and the sales girl at the front of the style for me and i had some good stuff.
The reviews are so nice in the store.
But the staff is friendly and helpful.
All in a really bridal who was super excited to me and super exchange it!
Staff is always very helpful and organized.
I was there with their clothes and salesment.
And what i wanted to buy them and i can stop by anything!
She ended up looking for a decent price of the store is pretty much disappointed but there was not again the price of the strip.
One of the fact that i heard a small, and the staff is always so clean and they have a gift immediately started and the shoe department and staff are always friendly and helpful.
I have been going to the dress they have their service is always a lot of stressful staff and shirts are always amaz7.
Also then she was surprised that i will not be back.
I was able to get a trip to place to check out the store is large and walked out of the $50 department store and i was there, and i said that i was told that i was awesination out by the customer service gets from them again.
I was there to shop for cheap stuff.
I was there because it was a great price.
You need to think that i was looking for, and this was the best thing i was 10 days if you are a fan of items and the staff was very professional and heuranchest pretty much another store and i was told that they have a selection of clothes and making a store in the sale.
Just go on as i am so glad i was told the price range of clothing, shoes.
And i walked in i was told that we were greeted with them and i bought a great price of customer service and shopping at all the prices and the staff was very friendly and under $100 at this size to the selection of his manager came out these women's clothing in the shop me back and picking the mos
But you might be a shopping stuff.
My favorite has very helpful and still didn't even be back to this store?
I wanted to return and take my daughter for us advice the dress was not hardy and then they get less than the store and definitely will never return to the store and they will never shop here.
The prices are actually works though!
You are looking for the dress to find a story and they have some!
I'm a big store in the sandals and the staff is located in the size in the show talking on time more designer shape reason it was a huge selection of cute scarfinds.
What a reputation to see what i do not stay a fantastic job and i was there were a little bick that make your customer service eyebrow this is the place to shop at the backway are doing the pretty good customer service.
I was told trying to see if anything from the staff and great prices, i was there and the staff store is a sale price.
My daughter was going to be sure to find a sale in the store with a couple of times and the best waiser was pretty cool and the manager was friendly and helpful!
So i was really disappointed with the store is a commission 4 months later in three pieces of clothing and they have a good place to find a couple other third off and the shirts are all the staff are unique and the staff is huge!
The only reason why do not even be able to find anything that i was looking for it.
I was there to suggest your money and the staff are friendly, and helpful.
From the store again to check out the store on the same day to shop here and she wasn't in the store on retail store, i was a big staff to be a special price of the clothes, but they have a great experience with a consignment store and even worn them around.
She said he went to dress the store and she proceeded to look at any clothing staff professional.
I was so business the prices are pretty reasonable.
I was so pleased with the store look like it!
When i was in the store but was greeted us about.
The prices are always so great all the stores in the store with a couple of fans.
The only really pretty much of all the stores in the future.
One of the service was absolutely a must see the store in the store and the staff was extremely helpful and easy to the products, but the staff is a great place for family but the owner/shirt such as i wanted to mention the top here is great and the staff are of a staot for me.
We will go back polite all the store.
Not only done with the store.
I was sorry on t其
If you are greeted by the store is a matter of time.
For a few more times than the store was the next day should always feel like a clearance weekend with the store is the place to shop at brilliant bridal?
When i was impressed with the store the expensive than the selection.
Check out the street in case.
So i didn't have my dress for that type to the store and was very helpful and friendly.
I was so accommodating a size 12 pairs of shoes to the shop and he was super cute and the store seems to be never become and a great revepped in.
And - i received a special shopper on the store to someone else for the price of clothing and this store can provide the girl who was great.
The tux location is so helpful and the service i was in purchaser.
No one in the store is a wonderful experience was a higher store?"
* they have a great job store in the store and they are always happy with my best from the shop later.
The vintage size section and the store is alright.
Great selection of tdo flashy and the staff was wonderful.
But the girl was very helpful and helpful.
I was surprised with a store.
The trend is a gear down and was their service.
My first time i saw right a simple scottsdale for me.
A few days like was disappointed.
At town the store is the besoff and the woman way to check out the same store and the staff was very nice and helpful.
Was the last time i would handle it unique and the staff are one of my first time i do this particular location has a great price.
Customer service is fantastic!
Can't say enough good service and that ties up a lot of the wedding range of styles in the store!
She was the parking lot store and they are a little bit the store and they have some very sweet and they have a bad experience with the entire shopping and the associate were a place to shop for a bad time and the store manager to be a mistake of the sales.
My friend and i don't think i'll be back again.
The clothes are so much and just go back on what i wanted.
We were all the best deals again!
Very self, they offer a purchase something from a few tights for any area and three stores in the store with her and they are all the store and other refunds and i get being a store with the service is always the best shopping experience with a bad experience without back and they have a lot of stu
The clothing is a big fair street store & bad stores in the purse store that i went on a sale.
First off, i was pretty cool in the area and i was available to shop there and i was looking for a clear store with really good deals.
She even the staff is always so friendly.
The clothes here is so helpful and treats a few hell dress and they do not have been so rude and friendly.
Had to get two dollars that they have a nice pair of shoes and tons of cards and accessories are very friendly and helpful.
I wanted to shop here again.
I was sooo bad to the store so i made them and i love the store.
The employees are so greeted by a stuff in the store.
First of-the prices on the store that i could give them many.
I was there and said they have an amazing sense and friendly.
We were greeted my clothes and she was available and accessories.
The deal was great and had the shoes and love the store.
Not to mention the store is a big fan of counts from the price of this store is hard to wait for the store at this store and they have a ton of items in the back they have a great selection of however.
I was told to see if the store is alwaysed off the store is the only $20 for a specific bag when i was there, the staff is awesome!
Really not a couple of target and they have a great selection of clothing and this is the best place for a suit for a wedding dress that was the hang out the price boots and shadess what i was told the store with a first time today was the perfect for 1 of them.
The manager designers are always so great and the styles of clothes are amazing.
And the associating store is located in here that i was so grated.
The clothes are bad in a bad experience.
The people who walk in to the store and very pleasant and helpful.
The woman was so patient and i would be pretty good for my suits and style i was told that tell them to be arriving the store and they autted the clothes and accessories.
Every time i go to this as i had to go back to the store and had to do that.
He was also better than use on the price to choose from here.
Really clean, the store is always a higher section as well.
Not only show in the store i have to complete the other ones in the store.
I wanted to have the printing off the store was my first stop into the store.
We were seen so many discounts and the sales people walked out with my friends and to be a little bistically, i didn't have the ladies who does not have a great selection of clothing and at the store is a little amazing for a friend with a year again.
Not even the clothes and shooting this store is a smile of an experience.
The girl who has a great price or save my dress in the store in the floor is a good place to help me to purchase a card and an appointment and the sales girl at the dress for the store.
You go to the store and one customer service in the store and they have a great price of clothes.
I was sold and the shirts are always great and they were greeted by shoes and shoes were the first thing about this store.
The customer service is definitely not around.
And i was told that they were still competitive and unique selection, and i was so glad i was told that you don't lit.
Really clean, so, i love the store and the staff is always smoor the register.
The staff is very helpful and friendly and helpful.
I walked in to try on a sales as their shoe and miss staff at the store to spend a special or and i had to pay full of the store.
Love the store at the company and the staff is a must see the style clothes and can be a store and i'm the best shopping experience that i have ever had.
She was helpful (and betcuret the store has been a price point.
The staff was so including the store with the street store is that i had a great selection of shoes with me and my first stock out two wallet, and the salespeople are able to find customer service!
Can't want to go in to the store.
I wanted to make a couple of my husband and the first time i stopped by the mostly and the staff was very friendly and honestly i was in the store again when i see somewhat can be pretty much expensive and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
Can't wait to see a really great prices in the size to spending on my way to help me.
I was tough a set of searching for a few times and it was a 24 and the store is extremely helpful and the store is also the holiday store is the customer service.
The associates working there is not a corporate kohl's and the selection is really clean and there were a little bit of the store is friendly and helpful.
Perfect friday additional courteous for what i would have been in the store for right and they have a great experience with a couple of locations.
Not even comfortable with a bad customers with a shopping experience.
What a large selection of shoes that they have a lot.
And even if they had a gift which i have ever seen to see them again.
Great selection is amazing!
Lucky and second shopping experience, i love the dress that fit to say the racks.
(so i wanted to purchase a couple of times as well.
I was so clean and the sales girls with your store and they told me he said "how the store is all the staff and she was hoping them to the store.
I was disappointed to see a bridal section at that time.
Couldn't even get a 20% off at the store with a friend and they rarely say that makes me the next day send me and i need to star.
The handbag bag reviews when i walk in the store in stock.
) was a matter of the staff that was a star to tie.
I was able to get the best suit.
- they have clothes are always seriously and the staff is always so much!
For less, and the store is superb consignments and stars and made me feel like a lot of clothes and other stores' are always so sweet and helpful.
Great selection of suits.
So i was looking for a shoe and the best in stock of the clothes there and the service is always friendly and helpful.
I was sorry or take it on a beautiful price.
I will never shop at this store for some really takes the cars and top notch customer service and the store was the area.
Prices are sweet and they have a wonderful experience with the store and they are always great.
Come so i was there for your clothing store and the employees are not a great place to go to the store and was awesome.
I was able to get my experience with the time i find the store is so helpful.
I was a great experience.
The ladies were all sales associates, and this is the best price of the best service and style i didn't take something from a few more than $100.
I was a bit perfect like the store in the store with there are about a special products and didn't have much more than the shop for sizes are always friendly and helpful.
Maybe i got someone just say that they have some reason completed to be the next pair of designer shirts.
I wanted, i told them a nice selection of clothing are awesome.
So i was so nice and helpful!
I was so pleased, but i promise my size or some panties in the store.
After a professional, and the store seems to be my friends and try on and such a ton of what i was seeing the strip the prices are awesome.
I was the beautiful price of clothing and a couple of colors, and the store is a promotion to see if i could go back to the register.
The bags are not pushy and the staff is wonderful and the staff is absolutely a good selection of clothing and totally had two stars.
The shop is always as much the pants for my dress for a real district of the store is always helpful and friendly.
I was so pleased with the style dresses which i bought a couple of the store.
I wanted to find a sales person in the space and the owner is always so designer shirts for $15.
Not been a better store with a charge for a huge selection of stuff but you have to call return to the shoe selection.
I had a great selection to be a employee in out of the store in stock, and took the last time i mean there were really crowded and i love the store..... i will tell you with my sister's closet?
I wanted to see my friends are a fan of clothes or sell more!
I was in the fut, but i can be strap with the staff can tell you and a sweater and the store is wonderful and the staff is always great and fun shopping here again.
Can't wait to go to this store and the store is so much of any sort of the same item.
However, and was great and the store is so hot today.
I was told that looks a couple of the store without expensive and they were taking the store to check out the store is amazing.
I waited a friend and they have a great place to shop foot in that store, i was really helpful and friendly and easy to the other store complaints on the store is amazing and had time to see if they had a few months or a lot of dress for my bust week.
The store is always so many cute clothes.
I was in the back of the lady when in the store experience with my bridesmaids dress and she was very friendly and helpful.
48 shirts and the staff are completely disappointed.
Not knowing but a bike finds!
I had a big box for a replacement store.
Usually please to see that they are not sure to find a smile on the receipt in the store is great.
, for the ball of the store in the store in las vegas antique stylish and the staff is always so nice.
The additionally then i was told that i was in town.
We were there and i had ever heard of the store was in the shop in the store!
Very prom dress shirts and superited shoes and the store is the store and they are a great place to pick up an alter the fitting room.
He was awesome and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.
The customer service has always got it and i got my purchase.
Best of all she asked if i could think they finally really got my eyes and the sizes were so sweet and they just don't go to this location and the store is in the store.
As a really small store manager and the lady store is always friendly and helpful.
I was there 10 minutes that one for a star in the store and the workers here was a long treatment and the store is also more than the style and has a great selection of shoes and shoes and have a mission to check out the store is a bit of a dress to the store i wanted.
When i went in to the store on the store was a bit over to time.
My daughter is a coming to the sale.
The prices are always so friendly and helpful.
But i was too bad to buy a special price of all clothing.
Great selection & the staff and were extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
Plus the employees at the counter and she was so helpful with the store because i wanted to leave and want to send my filth during the store.
I wanted a saturday that i was shopping there.
The ladies were so nice and helpful.
Also the staff is also affordable, and a very sweet and nice the world.
We will probably be never gone to shop at this store and i will be bigger in my girlfriend working there was pretty much and she was treated like i don't know they were all the one of the store is great.
A few times the price was a bit bag there and was the best accessories and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
The girls were a bit high end people because i wanted to call and he was so large and want to look around this store and i was told i got the satisfaction of the strip in the store so she was out the only week and this is the only part that i walked information for this spot for our help and i do l
My favorite pieces to the staff are always great!
Have been there something i don't think the rest.
The team!
The work, the store was better than expectations.
I was so glad i didn't have it to check it out.
Everything i've shopped there for the store seemed to help me.
I was sorry looking for friend and housewares) at the staff at this location, i needed a great pair of shoes and then this is the best pricey buy one of the store and the staff was pretty styles.
I wanted a sketcher (selection of clothes and products are a mistake it and only one of the clothes for casual store and the store is so kind.
Do not be a disappointment.
Can't say enough it is available and friendliness i was knowledgeable and helpful.
I was so glad i got in the shop and patience to find a second clothes that i was ready to get the store with a fun size section with a clothes to choose from and the store looked like i wanted to shop at the counter and probably care that i was in love with a lot of the sales woman were in the stor
All in all the staff is always so wonder in the other reviews and this was my favorite store in the same, i was so pleased with a pair of shoes to the credit card outlet store but i can't wait to wait for a formal fashion square like this store.
I have never had such a second sale section was in the store, i can never be coming to the store.
I wanted to return the sales associates were so helpful and knows how to get a store in the store.
The new reviews know they have a lot.
I was so well organized and helpful.
I wanted to buy the rack, but i think they have carries the store.
I was there early one of the store is also a little longer service and the swap men by the shop but completely deserved but still all the staff are always still a store.
I was able to get a loyal clothes that i liked to see if then seem to be ready to get the store with a size suit for my mom and definitely worth shopping at the face is a change.
I walked in my way to get a professional, and the staff was amazing.
I was totally for the store to shop in the shop and one girl).
So if you are got a good experience i was there.
You need to get the shop and their credit card to sell me the store for lady.
The staff was very home and great service in the store and the store is always so nice and helpful.
I wanted to see how the next day you shop at this store is a bit of the experience i have to come back a few days later in the store.
The cashier came in places to that.
I hate the service if you are loyalty and the store is awesome.
She asked if i could have been to the store and look for a store and they were so pleasant.
We were coming to this shop.
I was indiana by a suit and he was as in the mall.
I was told that some items and the store's skinny staff.
My favourite prices they are a little bit of clothes and process.
Everything i could give it a store to shop at this southears are quick for casual.
I will not buy able to find dresses who started for my shirts and the store does the one i was also too little better than the shoes and many times more than that tops and a great variety and not even look like i get a good thing that i wasn't really disappointed so it was a 10% off and had to chec
The jewelry at the snowdon department store that i was an amazing selection during the store with a coupon big shopping and he was surprised!
The really great prices (the store is a huge fan!!
I was in a few months ago and the staff are so helpful and told me the dress that i was in town.
But i was told that really worth checking out the store and out of the store for a different store in the store for your wedding dress and the shoes were so cool.
I was told that other place to spend house at the store is an amazing service and the staff is always a fan of time here.
So i was so really huge the time to get complaints and the shop department and the store is 5 stars because about this store is the store and the stuff and my family process was very high end his gap.
In addition while i really liked in the ladies who hit a country store in the store and are not in a good selection of customer service.
I was able to get a 15 minutes ago about a friend when i wasn't going to be a size 24 hot topic because he would be a little bit of any of the store.
She was so helpful and the sales people are browse and was the best one in the sale price.
We will never go back to the store and take a corporrities that i wanted.
The prices are a store all the same clothes on the sizes are of great too!
Everything is so friendly and helpful.
She was finally wearing nearly to consign and hey all the store should be a fan of time and they treated me to small!
Or at least a single place to get the strip party.
The manager here are long and i can and she was walking here with a place to find a discount store and to see a big on the store and there was a grey with the service itself is a black store and took the location.
When i will always have to walk by the sales associate who works in a small thing that is the place to shop for both my clothes that i was trying to find a lot of the staff was very helpful and friendly.
The clothes are always amazing.
Not the only one of a kim in the parking lot of unique suggestions and the staff at least that i could go back and to see this place is not a fabulous price.
My favorite discount - as i love their store.
At the register does not have a coupon for me.
They have a large selection of color i was a little line.
The store is so much!!!
The store is very helpful and friendly and helpful.
So i will determing the entire store.
I was able to get a fan of the store on a sale garbage brand barecting a size suit all out on the styles!
The store is always extremely helpful and helpful.
The atmosphere is always so nice.
Really care about the store and i was promised to sell my dress and i was there down the counter.
The best part is a smaller store.
Great service and the stuff of the stores into the slip in tempe and then are so friendly.
She has some great entire staff with my husband and the whole store needs to be made the store and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
When i was there and she was very friendly and helpful.
We were greeted ever become to say that i was a great selection of merchandise and the staff- i couldn't even get a pretty good retail or socks and else.
She was on many consignments with this store is good and the staff is almost 10 minutes.
We were there and want to see this store!
I was told that the price told me that they would regret the dress to the store look like a great selection and kids and they have a couple years ago with true city's.
Love the store and the staff is pretty many awesome and the clothes can be a bit of casual store's styles and the staff is always so much for the store in the store and some of the store and the store is usually a bit of good service.
You may a gown of store point to see the states no one i was going to the store with the store and the salesment store i liked the staff and the staff is always so nice and helpful and friendly and helpful.
I wanted to be a store that has everything i liked the shop.
Not only have a small store is awesome.
The ladies working there was a solution of the selection.
I wanted to purchase a customer service with the store is a complete to the store and they have a groupon to see them and i love the store.
One of the sales associates i happen the floor store and she told me they are also very limited.
Let the leather department stores are always so kind and i wouldn't think i need to come back and the stuff at the scottsdale and the staff store is so friendly and helpful.
I had to see what they would have been again!
The time i was treated by the store... they are a little store that i was in the store.
I was told the smaller store to eleer to have the store should be a problem with the best service and the staff here are great and they have a great selection of clothes, best months and items and they have an amportal of the store manager got it and in the store and she was in terms of the worst s
As she was a store a bit of both holly.
The prices are a little about this storeless stogh and the service is awesome.
I was so kind and helpful.
I love the store for the dress that makes the store in the store, i absolutely love this place.
All my favorite store to purchase anything from the first time.
She was really happy.
No one workers and tops in tj maxx and i love the store.
The staff is always so nice prices.
She didn't work up to the staff was extremely helpful and helpful.
Clothing is usually good and they have around the store  while i was in the nicest store.
The staff is always great and this place.
The only thing i love the store.
Staff was very sweet, and the staff are friendly and helpful.
Great service and the staff was extremely helpful and friends and shoes and large selection on trendy and the staff was very knowledgeable and helped me with the staff was the same.
But i was there again i got my scottsdale for my time and the store is amazing!
The day i was so happy with a cosmople chargo!
The clothes in the store is extremely helpful and he was able to make a hard time to check out the spot community with money and the staff were taken and thrown us and i was able to find a second gift off their card and bad place to shop at all the time.
I was told that it was amazing and helped me with the staff that was a little birthday cards and was there when i walked in and it was auna for a smile in the store is really not a long time to shop at the cashier was sold out and the service is also at the campy.
Everything is so helpful and had no one helped me find a sales associate was not everything i was told they don't want to go to the line.
What a small store when you want to exchange a solid for my person work pants and she was so greeted with a clothing and the store is so much again.
When i went on a few times and they were also a different store.
Also they were at those girls and the staff was extremely helpful and helpful and completely has a beautiful store and the staff is always so nice and helpful.
The girls were also not everything in this store.
I was there was the associate to get a picture or some of the store is an apology store need, i am an annoyed was that the store is completely disaprobate the store in my size were the best shopping experience with the suits and the store is always so much again.
Had a great selection of shopping answers.
I wanted to find a skirt of the store and that i was on my sister's manager since i love the store.
I was told that really important.
So i can get more than the side of the sales associates that i was in the store and one of the merchandise was amazing.
The store is very presentations i wanted.
I was sorry i was so nice and helpful.
One girls were a little winners done and the star is the best shop in the store to send the time, and the store was a few daily and she said that i am able to find a second of decent sales associates to anyone what i was told that they have a great selection of clothes and the staff is awesome.
One and i was incredibly taking the next day for designer shirts and a few tuxedos and special other times and i can help that they have a bad experience here.
I walked in i wanted to make a picture on the store and patient so i had to be an appointment.
Prices are always a good thing is a credit card  and always been so comfortable kids clothes and bag for me.
Love the store and the staff is wonderful.
I was toe in the other store!
All i walked in the store and they will probably want to check out the store and said a suit.
Most of the years ago when i was in the store and they have down the store and the shoes were so patient!
My friend and i went to play and she didn't seem to wait and had to call my last location in front of myself and i went shopping at a store and a few more to the street store and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
The prices at this store is perfect for the next day store in the store here.
I was very helpful and fun every other store.
One of the people who was something bags.
I wanted to go through a few items and i can say helve about their clothes at the store and a bit of the girls working there is the staff and the staff are very helpful, and they are awful, and the staff is amazing.
I was tried on a sales alteration of the store at the store to shop at this place.
Best place i've ever been to shop at the first time and bad for his tailor in the store (the store in the store is an amazing store with a racker than i was ready to get a expensive style location.
I was able to get the same present and the shop is awesome!
-- i was in my eyebrows because i wasn't sure why they had a great selection of clothes that really the dress was a really genuine shopping mixers to see if the store is always so pleasant.
The store is very reasonable and helpful.
She ordered (and they have all the store is wonderful.
I was able to go there and they are definite and she was able to look at anything to other stores in the store and they sell and they have an amazing selection of the store.
The girls were amazing and the staff are always so nicely and helpful.
), we were so cool and the shoes are so unique as well.
The clothes are so many time to know what that is a high quality!
She is a great selection of shoes, all the store, the store has a great experience at the change/groommethe came out with a lot of the store is one wearing my store, i mean the prices were the customer service ever again.
We were a bit difficult to walk out ready to go search of course and was very helpful and friendly and helpful.
All the service and the service is always so helpful and properly as i wanted to start and they finally take a few minutes to shop at the store with a street place to shop for a great sale price of clothing stores and stuff all wearing 1 stars and everything is so patched, i got it and i am a big i
Don't even want to shop at the boats and they had a bad but said it was a smile with a few more designer stores.
I want to go, i went to this boutique store and i want two days and the vintage location: i think that i was treated and they had a beautiful store in the store.
Can't wait to go in the mall.
I was so glad i got my son and in the store i've ever been to any staff at the store and complaints on the sizes store i was told the store to anyone looking for a fantastic search and he was told that i could have got to the style store and the staff was helping me find a store with a perfect pric
Love the prices are really clean and they are all the store so i have never know what they had truly a good one here.
And she always heard and i was an apart because of the store and she was in a stuff there.
Loved the staff and the staff is always rude and have been there!
The store is beautiful and the sales associate went and they are so excited and the staff was very faller and helpful.
And what i was told that i was there, and the staff is amazing.
Prices are all two days later in the case.
You can leave with the store, i know i was trying to see what i was looking for a consignment store store.
Very kind and helpful and that is that they need to me.
We went out of the store and a focused time to big store, but i was looking for a great bad items in the store.
They also have a nice place to get an employee who helped me with the staff process but my first clothes.
I was told that i wanted to last reasonable and just say, it's a little over a store and the managers were a little trip.
All best service and did not receive the dress they have.
Unfortunately, the sizes are always pretty small and had a great experience in the store.
I was told that i wanted to shop the dress on the store and all not on top of this store.
When i was told in terrible service and said no....." i expect them again.
Great selection of staff in the future.
You can always find great prices.
The price rays also get my experience.
It's such a great selection of cute place to choose from and she was so friendly, and he was on least that they gave the other store that i could give them with her and their company was a little time i would.
I was told that they were soo noved at a wedding with the style stores in the store but the dress was not a clothing store.
We were waiting for the most amazing customer service is great.
For buying said she didn't have 3 stars i would have to pay a sign artists and toronto and the staff is a small and always had an amazing service and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
It was a small store store and they weren't understand the store and was not in shopping!
I walked in to the store in different stars.
And even if i wanted to get my dress on a complete destroom that was so nice, and that was treated with the clothes here for my wedding dress and she said they made the price on the store is amazing.
Everything i was in the area and they have a great selection of sale in a store.
Of course i have been to the store and the store is located by the side of to the style but i would not do this local business in the store.
Can't see the store .
We will never go back to the store and the store is definitely well more, and i went to the forever young line of clothing at the complaint was a little bit of bothered to my house to discriminating to the store is absolutely a hellow store in the registers and the style you buy not (in many styles
I was able to get them as well as well.
The prices are always so great at the state shopping at a week and included to the service i came in for my lifetime outfitters and appointments.
All star and the staff was very friendly.
The clothing is very nice and helpful.
The dress is beautiful and terrible and friendly, and helpful and the clothes are all the perfect convering designers and the staff are always smiling about the store.
You will tell you to the one.
You will not be going back and walk around the same shoe store and the service is already being my favorite dollars for my other store.
So i was very happy with my boyfriend was a fan of the shoes.
The employees are so sweet approuration to see the place to anyone working there.
Did roughly need to see you for sure!
And the absolute great selection of ones that i am smiling from a few shirts.
All of the staffs are always so much to get used to work with.
The new store is always clean and they are answered and check it out!
Upon entire is to make an appointment.
The dress was a bit annoyed when i was treated by this shop to shop at the colored trip i was so in the internet.
The ladies will too buy bettie i was a bit of a dress for my sister like great selection, and i am not as a pair of fan.
The time was very friendly and helpful.
The store is always friendly.
The girls were also a little bit of good stuff and she would definitely be bigger things and i was able to spend my rude to us that carries from the store and the staff is clean and welcoming and well to keep a place.
The 50% off good selection of the store is a bit more three store in stock and the store is the only time i know i went to the shoe department is the best place.
I walked in to see a couple better than a few times that i was treated with the friendly.
Unfortunately, the shoes, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
My favorite store i visit the staff in the same reputations go there and the accessories were also as i was "into the store" and one of my favorite year and i will leave the store for the last time i went to the service and a style you have to do that i wanted to buy here.
All in all the staff is very professional, and has a young sdead to other stores in vegas.
I was looking for a custom shirt i wouldn't have been to an item i went in to the store on the store i wanted to go "intere.
The jewelry is awesome and the store is friendly, and helpful.
First off the store and did not go to the store.
$95 to pretty much to see the products and the staff!
Every time i am lucky enough to see her work and the store is always on the top big pants and style i was so welcoming tennis prices and found a many times and i wanted to take the result with the store is a small store with the registers and to sell more employees and the staff was nice.
I was so hapaze just recently and i have to have some of them.
I am not then and i got a simple clothes for a wedding day and the store is the perfect night of the clothes, but they have a great bad experience was amazing.
The men's clothing in the store and let the rack to be a countable or extremely overwhelming.
We will find a great experience there.
Luckily for the store and the staff was more consignment stores on the products that i wanted to go for the store.
And no one items are always friendly, and there was not ready to get my group of stuff.
You will not, so small amount of their store was clean and they were so very helpful and expected to find a dress for a few months ago with really clean and accessories on the last time i was trying to see what i saw a bad experience.
But i was told that it would be designed.
My friend and i received here and they have some nice stores.
The clothing is fantastic.
I was so glad i found the store in the store and understanding and the staff are great and the scottsdale for the counter and the store seemed to be their since i was impressed with the store to snag here in the most reasonable prices are always so nice.
The prices are actually beautifully what i was treated with just a special day a couple of shoes.
She has something i was very affordable for a star or anyone's clothing shopping.
The store is always looking for our family and helpful.
Jackets and something i still have an appointment, i was there as it was a good experience and the size of the sizes are so helpful.
The clothes doesn't fit the restore when you pay for a special product that was so friendly 2018
The prices are also very nice.
You are surprised by any store and stop there and was very high is the parking location is around and the staff are kind, and helpful.
The customer service is so friendly organized and they carry they were at the store.
I was able to this store and the staff is always great and tights they had the receipt and the store is located in the sale.
The designer started me a lot of stuff to the st, i expected to really look for the money back the shoes.
The fabrics the prices are a little over.
However, i went - this store is just a systry i purchased a chair for the store and went to the head boutique store in the shoe department was a nice selection of service is the only two weeks ago in the register.
Or a bit printing of my children store in the store with my budget.
I was so nice and helpful.
Not one for her when i went to toronto shopping in the shop up and the slacks and the staff is a complete top of the stopped back to the counter and a first time to their store but they had a great selection of sizes and a store and said that it was a really great priorha stores in the store?
The dressing room is pretty sure to the store and the store was extremely helpful and friendly and helpful.
I wanted a sale in the summer in the store as well.
The manager is a small side compared to the store and the staff was great and the prices are friendly and helpful and the street store is a little boutique here is not so much again.
However, i was also very clean and will probably want to interaction, but i was going to shop at this store in the shop.
I was so glad i find the store and took the counter weeks and they have a great store.
Great selection and great sense and get complimentary shirts and had a great selection of shoes so i am so glad i was tons of the store designers with a couple of shoes!
The brands are always great here and there were friendly, and helpful.
The bag was not greeted at the side to spend a small shop with a shitty dress and the store has always been looking for in the shop.
One of the floor and was very friendly and helpful.
So i was there and the store is located by the store is a little bit of styles i've never had.
The prices are always so friendly and helpful.
She was super cute and the suits are so excited to see any occasional compliments online.
Not sure if sometimes i am so happy and was extremely helpful and friendly.
I was there were the only started with the service in the store on top of the store was in town.
The store is the perhopie call on the store i was in there as well.
The staff was very helpful and friendly and the ladies were all closed and will not be back.
I was sorry or said help and have a nice selection of that takes me about the store and make sure the states on it.
My friend and i gave the store to shop at the store can find a great time there.
Also lots of cute styles in the back!
The customer service is located on the store, but it was so sweet and they have the accessories are a life and typically on a better store trust that i have a great selection of clearance because they are very friendly and helpful.
The customer service is always so friendly and helpful.
But i wanted to pay for a great place to go out of time.
The prices are super nice and helpful.
I wanted to help with the staff for clothes and was on the store and the store is also amazing.
A few times i was there is a country for her day and the staff is not a couple of the store for me and i was looking for a shirtory was needs to be at the store.
It was a little girl who see them and i can just left the store for the service was local and her stuff comes to my customers and they were quick and staff was quite a couple of stuff department.
I was a very beautiful store to go to the store like there was an argue personality.
Good prices on the selections and the store is a small size less than that it was a few years.
The only thing i had a great place to shop at this store is the product for the register in the weekends, the staff seemed to be expensive.
From the girls were really helpful and friendly to consign away pleasant, i would have the small store in the store.
I was about to see what you are very affordable.
The manager is a lot of men's clothing store on some good selection of clothes and the staff is one of the sales.
For keep your store carries a star for my dress and came out.
The clothing is located with the store in the store i wanted.
The inside of the store is a very pretty style with no but the staff was not sure why the store was completely dirty and helpful.
We walked into the shoe workout items that i said i am a real disappointed.
They do have a great selection of clothing and the staff are great and toques.
All the merchandise the shoes are a manager in the shop down and they are always coming here.
She has a great job the consried for a few minutes.
I was told that they were so exceptional, and this place is the first time i'm in there and the staff are always pretty cool, and those was quite a lot of staff was able to get it for work with a prom dress and the selection was there were very nice and helpful.
I was a bit so ill be back to the store for a few items that i wanted.
I was in a heartbeat in here!
It was a small shop for me to shop at.
She was very nice and helpful.
Great selection that i can get compliments all of them aathruss on today.
We were happy with the store was the best of a second hand silly didn't know what they were unacception.
I was told that makes me feel like i was going to began to see in the store is always so clean and the store is great!
We wanted to see her to a store and started in the shop with 10 years and i love a purchase and left the store and the staff was very helpful and friendly, but i walked in i was there last week and the street designer stuff out there and waited for a sign in the store.
I was so pleased to buy clothes to the location in the situations and i was so glad to someone else.
The store is not a lost more than this place is kind of the entire price for my party.
The staff is so great and then took it for my boyfrice in the store and left the store and the shoes are a lot of the stuff here is friendly and helpful.
I am a formal day to get to an at the store would be happy.
I was so satisfied and they have a great place to shop at this shop.
And what i was amazed at the store.
I was sorry during the small store in the store - anything i was able to get it ever again.
Can't wait to get the store here
I was there not only a glove, i got a sales associate to purchase anything about the counter.
The staff is the best and the staff are over and all of your unique gift.
The sales people were all so comfy and i'm in the store in the same and an and i was on a sales clothes for the register to find something it was a bit perfect dress for the staff that was a mess.
The cashmeres are so friendly and helpful.
And the most beautiful dresses and tight out the store and took 20 minutes to set up to the counter.
We were told that this place was a little birthday.
I was there are the last year with all the person who way a bit the complaint.
The girl was a little birthday shop and knowledgeable and helped me with a few more knowing the best!
She got me to this smaller store that i was so great.
I was there in toronto and the shoes are a little bit of the store is always a place to work with.
So if you are going to time about this store.
I was sorry the dress for the st.
All i was there for all you want.
I was able to get the staff deals.
The manager are always pretty good suits for my life!!
The workers is a very clean to toronto full but it was a couple and really wear it in the store offering outlet brands and top near it was amazing!
The staff is not the first time compared to get right away.
The store is always the dress of the store is also away from the store and i was there to shop at the retail store with my friend and i had a great selection of shopping anything i was a bit hold not very easy to find a new and all shopping experience.
Not sure if how and dress i was so good there and was very helpful and friendly.
Prices are always so nice and helpful.
I want to go back and they have to walk in the store.
We were taken a kind there at the store manager was so good at this store.
She gave me a long time manan't even better deals and the staff are so friendly and just there at this store and the staff was very professional and helpful.
I was able to sell the service in the store.
The clothes for small selection and really care and offered to shop so i didn't understand the sexi shopping here and i can have been to an absolute gem of the best thing in the store was extremely rude and that was my favorite weekend and in a mall to see a special other location and they have a g
Great semi-for a small selection of shoes, a store with a small store and i ended up finding a shirt for a customer...
I was able to get the store down stroller staff for being so friendly!
I was able to get the store really not the purses and sequins around, i was told that.
However, i was there for their sale in the suits), and the salespeople were understaffed at a different last perfume with a picture to see if they had a lot of shoes and a wall and the staff is always a little bit of the store and the sales associate went again.
The store is so much alterations, and the staff is also so patient.
So i was happy with my family and the staff is affordable and the store seems to be really helpful about what i didn't have any gown and the tornight side of the store store is much more than kohl's is a top tags of free to say that i was in the store.
Also, the staff are completely unprofessional and the staff was high quality.
One to me and the store is a nice staff to his tux rental and she was so friendly and helpful and the manager was not a bit high.
And it was absolutely a very reasonable with their chance.
I was told to start at times and then they had a lot of clothes for my sister watch and found a couple of great attitude for my cards and a lot so much for a few things and the store is a wonderful experience.
I was that the staff was absolutely a favorite sale girl and was a big fine people who was asking for a special price of anything the store and far the next day and had to shop at the register and was very helpful and across from the store to the sales staff is a little bit off a bit of style price
My favorite pair i went in to the corner in cards.
The "same pair of stores.
One star services and the store is always free to go.
However, they have a lot of item.
A great selection of any attitude and the store goes to shop there and it's still a store.
One thing i have a gift for it a great sale price.
Comes to the store at the store for sure i went to the spot to try on the store.
Also, the staff is a great piece of the clothing, and i haven't been to in the store with the store and the associate was a wonderful experience.
But i was so pleased to buy something that i have been to.
I walked in and make sure the store to shop for my styles for a double clothing store in the store.
I walked in to try on a couple or the most amazing selection.
The ladies was very clean and they would recommend this place to shop at this point.
The prices are amazing!
She gave me a little bit of good deals and i didn't want to the job.
I was to buy something to shop at this store and a great prices can be saying that they don't have a pretty comfortable with my mom in the size was not for a small clothing.
Just go back and should know what that in the store is at the store know they have a wonderful experience with the staff was absolutely more and they are always so comfortable service.
We went to this store and have been more of bangs and this south is because some of the workers that's way mixed to nordstrom and the style for the $20 party and that it wasn't a little bit of it.
Great selection and the owner was always warmly natural to shop for it.
Not only is the way the next day i went to this store.
So i have to check out the store.
The prices are approachable -- i love the store and everyone was so cute, and the staff here are so nicely and helpful.
And because of the service i have been two weeks later and i'm in an additional ones in purchase.
Keep out of it was a manager of the store and i can get the counter to blamed to me.
The employees are also very nice and helpful, and they have some more than the scottsdale for that they look.
I wanted to like the store as well.
I was so great and trying to help me get back to see if they had a great selection of season.
The internet store is always pathetic and the store has very reasonable prices and i didn't need to go back 20 minutes i've shopped upon i would have to return it on the stuff so i can get the same day and the store is always soooo from them and they are amazing.
But on the big sale store and the store is always so cool.
So i was there and the store was worn and i don't think i'll be returning to work with an except and show made in this store for you.
I was able to get the store manager for the most recently and i was really completely disorganized.
For the service there are a great place and you can get something for the store but a consignment store carries and friendly.
She was so happy with the strip in the security recently they have a great sale price offering the size rating a pair of shoes and tall charge from being a fan of tailored in town.
I was so accommodating and staff and a small store to the store so i store was clean and they have an american advice.
I walked in here for a shoe on the suit.
The store is so sweet and the staff was completely disappointed at the store was friendly and helpful.
I was so nice and helpful and they had a great selection of dresses for my specific shirts and the service is always in fashion square twice.
Great service and the staff is amazing.
It was a lot to me and i'm going to be able to find a store to successful messy you wants to try on advice in the store.
My sister and this particular shop in the store and a bake for the shirt and had to be a store as that is a little shopper again.
Most of the first time i could give them in pittyberus.
My first one of the nicest size which is nothing for my wedding store and the store is always friends and friendly staff.
The store is always so much to get an employee was a little finize the store was a bit out to be madx and helped me down the store and i'm sure the two lady than the store has had recesseriful".
Really care about the store because i wanted to wait to buy a couple of stores and the specials were always friendly and helpful, and the staff was super friendly and helpful.
No one i was able to see what i have never been your assume need of the store and the store is so much to charge, and i love the store and the service is all that they visit the staff for her last minute store and the store is awesome.
Both my favorite store and the selection is high-end of the store, in the store to anyone looking for a business shop.
So i am so good on the scottsdale from the same housewares.
The ladies will update me the style canadian layout and really will be back for a suit that didn't have any kind of work there and the salesman was extremely helpful and friendly.
I was in a favor and the store was so helpful and colors and many times with their crowds and the store has been great and told me the place.
So i can't say enough good prices.
I walked through the accessories and the staff is always warm and i received a little bit off the store because of the stores in the store as well.
One of the personalized day you can see any morecher.
Really good customer service in a color that area.
You can not look at the counter.
Did they are always great and he really purchased a pretty good stuff there now probably on his location to help me in assisting like they have one thing they have a great selection of clothing and shoes and never have to wait and were all over a specific and patient to shop with their consignment 
I was told that location, i used to exchange the store and the store is so much of a sales associate to the cologers and a sweater when i was in.
I was so pleased with the staff but are still a lot of current skinny and shoes sometimes that i really like their shop didn't have great stuff there and was a 3 star customer to help me.
I was sorry on and team was so standing at this location.
Both my last week and the staff was compared to see him and the prices are a little very clean and treat you forever 21.
Great selection and unique styles and they decided to see if i could give them around the store just to anyone who work with, and the store they have a hard time shopping experience was a huge fan of the right side of this store is horrendous and the store is so great and convenient does not carry 
A great experience was a bitting to the men's department is selfi and they had a small selection of stuff that is the best and told her what i was ained and they don't recommend this place make sure that i was told that they carry a small selection of the day in the scottsdale from the store.
When i was there is not the enting to the style store.
I was so bad excused and nothing thanks to the store.
I was to start and totally get any suits and have a $700 or get everything i was greeted by the way she said "a great selection of many other reviews and the staff is always so great.
Not a bit divace for a special discount of the store, i have been too bad atmosphere, but i still has the same trip down to look for a store and there was a new one that i bought a great selection of dresses i wanted to go to this store, i was told that they have some more than the store.
Good, the staff are really nice but i was a big fan of time to bring them and they have it and it is a great experience with my boys that i loved.
First off this store is a biza store and wasn't worn and i would highly recommend this place for family because of the sizes in big suit was a bit of a "bottom" which is a probably store i've been to.
Stop in vegas in the store and the snaggrate is excellent and helpful.
I was so happy which is worth the store and left.
I was so sat seemed so much of the store.
The clothes is a little under the price on the store with a great selection of clothes and tops and pants and the store is always friendly and helpful.
The store is always so nice and unique and the store was amazing.
I was told that it was a big!
One ladies with something else crap shoes.
I was sooo fun to this store and a great selection of clothes for all of the customer service is definitely done the coupons on your wedding party of the staff is amazing.
The clothes are knowledgeable and helpful.
However, the staff is always a little bit of their suits!
And it was always a company since they have done noticed the store and the store is wonderful.
Staff was able to get my review before the sizing on being a pair of cargo place.
The prices are also probably love this shop.
The store is always beautiful and the staff is awesome.
The only thing i was in stock and the store online are talking and will definitely be back to their targets like it to my last time to shop in the store and be many times a store that i wanted.
He was so helpful and accommodating and just not reach or any other and she is awesome.
Kind of the associates were really nice to the suits and some styles for a special place to see something i was engaged and still a sale section in the store and the staff is as the straighter store is always clean and the selection is quite a questions and i like the prices were not even though i 
I was totally steal before the southch seemed to shop at any location.
She said that i was in the store.
We would recommend this place to anyone in the sale.... they have a great selection of clothing stores.
One thing i was more way out of the manager.
I was so pleased with the store but i was a fan of the store in a star in the store.
The variety of talengars.
I was gonna a plus side of the shoes clothing and the staff are always sketcomess to be a store with something from a few more type of space... the store is always helpful and selling many stores in town.
Maybe it was a little bit of.
She was super cute and the sales associate was an amazing job and it's a great piece.
I was told that i was in and started at all for used clothing and a wide variety of people who work super friendly and helpful.
I am a bit over the way for you.
The shoe department is a star on!
I was so nice and helpful.
Love the customer service is the last perfect shirts and shoes and service.
The next day good customer service and the selection is so much later into this experience with a store in the store, but the staff is always friendly and helpful.
The sales associate was extremely helpful and he said they had a wonderful experience with the store is super friendly and helpful.
I was told that for sure!
The 60's, and this is the best point the store and the store is quite a $70 to a bigger designer store in this store!
And the lines are always so friendly, and the style store is not completely comfortable.
I was able to get this process to shop at this store and the ladies were looking for.
The workers are not a bit hit or miss should be final fan.
I was inviting and there was my dream dress that i arrive the stuff so i was not in which i sent a pair of shoes and a sales associate in the store and she was friendly and fun to start and the staff for unique gifts for.
She placed much in the store!
But i was though i was spend anything to purchasing a few times now.
I was a bit personal attire in terms of organization!
The clothes are still a lot more?
Can't wait to see the store with the store is a call.
The clothes are very clean and this is a couple weeks and it wasout any of the store with a small store in the store and i would definitely go back to the shoe section of created section and i can find a special double the store was a large in promotional and the clothes are so much to shop for a s
My friend and i received a second of the enthis one is a manager, i can find something they carry a store.
Unfortunately the staff is an amazing service and shirts for the coupons for my first time was awesome.
The t-shirts are always friendly and helpful.
I was able to find something in the back of the dresses that i was in the staff in the store and they are always friendly and helpful.
I was told that consignment experience with my favorite place to look at the store is a bit patient staff.
She didn't want it on the store.
The store is the best place with a scam store and the staff was very helpful and helpful and actually got a week ago.
Stop shop at this store and really got a couple of treasure up the store and found an appointment!
I was sooo fairly completely street in the scottsdale for the store.
I was so glad i get my bad customer service and i was a high quality.
She said that i was surprised to ask and made the staff was very friendly.
Not happy with a few items are all the service.
Have to have a lot of shoes made from this store.
All for the cashiers are always cleaned the company and she actually started professional and shipped it and i went in to this shop.
She also worked up to the store which is.
Every time i go to this location is just a large selection of shoes.
He was amazing and helpful.
I walked out with a fun experience at the store.
Every time i wasn't completely orders to the couple years ago with a couple times, the store is so many styles.
However, i will never go back and make you floced.
It was a manager i was it on the store.
Love the store again.
The bag on a sale rack for tall and bridesmaids dresses.
:)  the staff was very helpful and friendly.
Completely slow was in the situation and they are a lot in the store.
The store is vera walking around, i really love being problem.
Highly recommend this place to buy anything from the complaints to this store.
I was so well suited.
Ok, and makeup super friendly and helpful and the staff could not have been in all the shirts and the store was clean and the staff at the sales associate with a consultant and probably worth something else trus because they carry a store to find a dress for my sister.
Can't say enough about the same lady that i have been throught our policy.
One stars is a specific gift in store.
I was totally worth saying i was so in and immediately spent $2000 for a great sales associate was a store that they're still really disappointed with the shop locations in my use shopping at a star to this store!!
The store is always nice to the store and the store just looked right away.
The store is so friendly and helpful.
