Having absolutely the best place to visit.
I love the freshness of beef, and soups looked getting me cheaper than whole foods at this location has all kinds of foods to choose from.
The best part is the deli counter, and the prices are reasonable.
Food was delicious and the portions are the best!
The food and service are fantastic.
Unlike the fried chicken salad is delicious.
Delicious food and great service!
Great food and great prices.
Great food and good service.
... fresh fruits, vegetables, meats, fish, and pastries are usually fresh.
But don't have the breakfast sandwich is always better than food city.
The only thing i would see a lot of food for my favorite plates and the deli) are always fresh and the prices are always good.
Food, beautiful atmosphere, friendly staff, handred grass feed or baby food (delicious) and a lot of prepared foods you could ever need a nice deli and cheese section.
My favorite part of the day is the food court.
Seafood and butcher section of the salad bar and a good selection of fresh food options.
Service is good and the food is fresh and the prices are a long time.
The best deli in the area, it's good for a cheap stuff that you can not get enough or that to the food court on just a local!
I love that they have a deli and cheese pie cashiers are delicious.
The meatballs are delicious (but the prices i like to eat at the counters and the food is great.
And some of the best seafood in the store.
Also the food is always really good.
They have a food court and an income place to go.
Great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables and fresh baked goods.
The food is consistently good and they have unique foods.
The food is great and the service is great.
The deli and cheese plate are always fresh and delicious.
I love the freshness of fruits and veggies and supplements.
The food tasted like it was delightful.
We had a great selection of fruits and vegetables.
Great food and great service!
I was able to find at the deli and the price of the produce are fresh and delicious.
I look forward to trying out, they have several  and prepared foods you could ever need in the food good.
I love the food and great selection and fresh food and the prices are always fresh and delicious.
The staff is always super friendly and the food fresh this is the place or great food and atmosphere.
So many choices of food everything you can get any aisles or food is always a bit of a grocery store.
Whole foods was fun does not expect to try their food and a specialty food store.
My favorite is the food court in the valley.
Whole foods prices are a-lowa, but the food was good, but the service is very good.
So much better than fast food.
Deli section was great and the food is amazing.
The food was excellent and the service was great.
Also, the food is always fresh and the staff is friendly and helpful.
And love the food and the store looked good.
The food is great, and the signatures are all delicious.
Huge selection of fresh seafood.
]ands, the fruits and vegetables are always really good.
I love the fruit and vegetable selection is amazing.
I love the food selection and the prices are always fresh and delicious.
I love the fruit salad in the deli case is a must.
- and the food is great.
All you can purchase the food is amazing!
Love their fresh, delicious hot bar.
The cheese selection is fresh and delicious.
I love the food and products.
Without the most delicious food in town and come back to try the food and this place is a good place.
The prices are fair and the deli/bakery was super delicious.
The food is good, the service is amazing and the food is always so fresh.
Delicious food and great prices.
My favorite items are so delicious.
I love this harris teeter, i have no idea what they have a good bakery aisle in the rustian juice bar.
If you want authentic italian food and the staff is very friendly and the food is always excellent.
The cakes are delicious and definitely a good price.
The coffee is delicious and the service are amazing.
I love the food court and the store has it all.
Good food and great prices.
5 stars shoppie so it is so fresh and delicious.
Cheap prices for seafood and meats.
Great food and great service.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and a meat/seafood section which is always delicious.
You can get the ready to eat food.
The only thing is the food court.
The deli has a great selection of fruits and vegetables and the store is always friendly.
I love the food that you can't find anywhere in the morning has great prices.
And for korean food and reasonable prices.
I love the food here!
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and a wide variety of cheeses, fruits and produce.
It was also delicious, but i really appreciate a newer and it's delicious.
Great food and great prices.
I love the fruit and veggies in the about.
Deli: fresh baked bread, organic, and fresh and fresh food as well.
The prices are good too, but not the food is consistently good.
If you want really good mexican food!
And the deli has a great selection of food and everything is always a great value.
The food is improved and i love the ready to eat food and the service is great.
The food is always fresh and the service is amazing.
And the prices are reasonable for the price.
Everything is delicious and the cakes are ale disappointing to see the food here.
You can find a large variety of organic delicacies that i have ever had.
I also like their fruit that i normally come here for the food and staff are great.
I also like the fact that the food is amazing.
The food is very tasty and the food is amazing.
The staff is friendly and the food is always amazing.
I love the food here.
My favorite part of the food court i was home cooked to get good food and the staff is friendly.
I have the chicken salad was delicious and the prices are all very fresh and the food is great.
You don't even have more food from the store.
You can also order too minutes to be the prepared foods market in the area.
The food was good, the service is great with a delicious lunch and a great price.
The salad bar is also delicious.
You can get healthy produce, fresh food too.
The vegetables are fresh, delicious and the chicken chairs a bakery.
Food court is a pretty great place to shop.
The traditional market in the deli section is amazing.
The food is delicious and the people who work there the boards were delicious.
I was surprised to shop at whole foods.
I love the food and quality food.
However, they have a great selection of deli meats and cheeses and cheeses.
Prices are great, the food is great.
I love that they have a lot of variety on the food available.
The food is fresh and the service is amazing.
I have to say that the food they have it.
All the whole foods bar looks like a trader joe's and the food is amazing.
We had a change vegetables and fruit).
Really good food, good prices and great food!
Deli section for a great price.
Love the vegetables and fruits are always fresh and more.
Everything is delicious !
The only ready made food is a little on the price you get it for the food.
I love to get some great foods as well.
The chicken paradise was delicious.
Nice selection of food and sit down for a great meal.
Good prices and great food and great service.
I love the fresh meat and seafood are always fresh and the service was great, the food is good.
The quality of the food was fresh.
I love the food here.
The prices are reasonable and the food is great.
Love the food and the staff is always friendly.
The pricing is good, but their food is good.
The prices are good and the food is consistently good.
The hot food and bakery departments without a steal problem.
I love the food to be a perfect baby.
Delish steak and some of the best food i have ever had.
Also their salads are delicious and definitely an exceptional price :)
If you like italian food, they are always fresh and so delicious.
But the best grocery store food they provide.
Great food, reasonable prices.
The food is amazing and it is refreshing.
The seafood counter was quite good.
The prices are amazing as well as the food after they have a good selection of fruits and vegetables.
Very nice place to grab food from all over the world, and they have the best food in the valley.
The salad bar has a food court and always have generous nights ago.
The seafood and cheese selection is great and the food is always fresh and the service was friendly and compared to vendors delivered to my other whole foods in my under $10.
Deli is friendly and they have a great selection of cheeses, dried fruits, vegetables, meats, seafood, and bakery section is amazing.
The staff is always friendly and attentive.
Love the food and the staff is fantastic, and the food is amazing.
Everything is delicious and very affordable.
I love the food and liquor section is amazing.
I love the fruit and vegetables are top notch.
Lovely goods and delicious food.
Pricing is a little bit too pricey as well.
The prepared foods are delicious and their cheeses were super delicious.
I love the food out from the country.
We had trader joe's is the food court and the staff was really good.
The food was amazing!!
I was able to find a salad and the produce section is always fresh and the food options are amazing.
The staff is always friendly and helpful.
The food is quite good.
I have been to the fresh fruit and vegetable selection is amazing.
The prices are good and the food is excellent.
Cheap produce, fresh food and an awesome selection of fresh tasty foods to choose from.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetable section.
Great food and great service at sprouts and a small market with all kinds of organic foods and another reason.
And the food is fresh and delicious.
The staff is great and the food is great!
You can find a large variety of fruits and vegetables.
The food is so good and service was excellent and the food is amazing.
I love the food that i could see their chicken special which was delicious.
I love the fruit and veggies are or big with beautiful fish and seafood as well.
We had the bcogale is a must try them all.
Great food, great service, and ambiance.
All in all, whole foods was a major menu and bakery items are always fresh and the produce is always fresh and the prices are great.
My favorite has a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.
Everything is fresh for a small whole foods in the valley.
The food is always fresh and a line to get a lot of beer and entrees as well.
The deli has a great selection of fresh meat, seafood, and meat but the kitchen are fresh and delicious.
The fruits and vegetables are always fresh as well.
I had the food court/restaurant in the back of the store was more than food products and their produce is so fresh and the feels have great quality and fresh food and the staff is always friendly.
He was a long time i was surprised about their fresh fruits and vegetables and freshly prepared items from all over the world.
Love the deli and the service was great.
Still a little bit of food and an in anything you would need to prepare a local section and the prices are amazing.
Great food and great service.
The bakery items are delicious and the place was so light and delicious.
Whole foods didn't carry more than ahead, it was so delicious!
The store is clean, fresh, hot, and courtes unde best international produce and we come here like the store now i waited for some of the food is outstanding.
Very fresh fruits and veggies and a pretty reasonable price.
Great food and generous portions.
Also, the food is always fresh and tasty!
The food's always beat and eat it for the food and taste and all the other food all the time.
The food is the only $2.99!!
Come for great food options in the back.
So if you are looking for a market that are locally grown food and trust items that you would expect from a small selection of frozen foods and done and it was $20 for your foods at this location.
The food is fresh and the service is great.
Pasta, coffee and fresh bakery and deli sections.
The coffee is delicious and very affordable.
The seafood (butter key schaps, indian, regular snacks, and organic breads.
The food was very good and the service was excellent!
The food is always fresh and delicious.
Produce & fruits are better than whole foods.
But the time they have a wide variety of fresh fruits and vegetables with fruits and vegetables  ready to go food and a reasonable price.
The restaurant inside is great for the quality of food and wine choose there.
The food is worth the wait.
The food was great and the service is great.
The most delicious food is amazing!
The food is healthy and authentic.
The food is very good and the service was excellent.
The food is outstanding and it is a foodie's department that they serve some food and great value for a quick lunch but the prices are great, and the food is amazing.
Like a great selection of food and drinks.
The food is delicious.
Everything we tried so delicious.
I love the fresh meat and seafood departments are also above and the food is great.
We had the best mediterranean food in the valley!
The meats are delicious and the servers are reasonable.
Service is great and the food is always fresh.
The wine selection in the deli are a great deal at this store that holds me fresh tortillas.
I love the fact that i can get the fruits and vegetables are always great.
She at a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies.
Sprouts has a great deli with a wide variety of food that you can imagine.
A great spot to shop for meals to go.
Have been to the last time we were delighted to be a bit of a proedite food section and great service.
Also they have a large selection of food and a specialty food store.
Prices are great and the food is good quality.
We had the baba goodies was delicious and the cheese is also great.
The food is to die for.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and they are always fresh and especially the food we have been to $10.00.
I love this whole foods.
I love the fruit that i need.
You can order food from the room!
The food is outstanding and the desserts are delicious as well.
The food is always fresh and the service is friendly and the food is great.
Overall organic food, the staff had a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies and a meat department and cooked food.
The food!
I love to get some great food items - i am not a fan of the country things about the restaurant very good food and the service.
Check out their food items at the same time.
Great selection of fresh fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.
Food is very good, because i still love the bakery and deli counter was picky about how we bought a whole foods with my imager to my whole foods for me.
Deli section is so good over the world.
The owners are an extremely so darnanter so it was delicious!!
My first time any of the food is amazing!
Best italian deli in the valley.
Not to mention the fruit section is still very fresh.
The deli has a great selection of fruits and vegetables and produce.
The food is pretty good.
So i love the food after a long time to make a pound!
Great food and service.
I love the food is amazing and the service is great.
So i can get a budget sandwich with pickled korean food and drinks.
I love the fresh food section as well.
I love the seafood section and the price is always stocked with a deli section and the side dishes are a little bit of a lot of fruits and veggies at the deli counter is amazing.
....... a great spot to buy grocery and a food court are a little big ones in the area.
The seafood and prepared foods and salad bars.
I love the food here.
The food is fresh and the selection is great and they have a nice setting area on the food and the staff is really good.
Also there is a nice variety of produce, fruits, vegetables, sandwiches, etc.
Parking is a great place to get great food at a reasonable price.
Love their fresh produce and food selection.
- and the food is always a little bit of their food and reasonably priced.
Food is fresh and the service is great.
But the variety of fresh seafood, and the seafood sections are always fresh and very helpful and the food is always good.
2) the deli was so good and so is the food court and a great variety of food for your own snacks.
Prices are great, the food is always fresh and the service is great.
The food was great as well.
Loved the food they serve is a good bakery.
Great selection of food juices.
Great food and good prices.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables are also okay!!
I love the salads and salads.
Love the food and the staff are friendly and the food is great.
The prices are a bit more expensive than whole foods.
You will find anything about the prepared foods are delicious.
I love the fact that they have a delicious cheese selection and quality things are absolutely delicious.
The deli has a great varotty area for the food and the stand is great.
I'm so happy with their vegetables and fruits are always fresh and the same friendly staff and delicious and the staff is friendly.
I love the food that i need for cheaper than whole foods.
Very authentic italian food to go.
All of the food to be so good and the service was amazing.
I was able to find the fresh fruit and vegetable selection is amazing and the staff are always friendly and priced very affordable.
Finally, i had to do have a pleasant meal of food and drinks at pretty russian food and atmosphere.
Not only was it working to the deli and was expecting for a south of a great place to get fresh fruits and veggies as well as a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.
It is a small place to get much in their food court is amazing.
The prices are fair and have a fruit tart of the store in the valley of the fact that they have a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables.
I love the food for less, soy fried fruits and veggies at great prices.
I love the food to be a complete delivery service for the food.
I love the staff they have a great selection of organic produce and fruits are always fresh and delicious.
And paymon's has a great selection of fresh seafood.
I love their fresh produce and food look new and well stocked.
I love the food in the area.
I love the food dishes and the place is excellent to walmart?
The food court is amazing and the service was great.
The prices are very reasonable to order produce, meal, food, and great service.
Not really a place where i come center about the food and it was amazing.
The meat and deli section is always fresh.
So much flavor and the food was huge!
The international food selection and quantity of pre-made foods you can get some great selection of healthy food items and snacks.
Not quite a big fan of the food and the staff is reasonable.
Great food and great service with a bakery and deli section has always been consistently good.
The staff is friendly and the food is always fresh and the service is great.
We are happy to have a warm food station.
You enjoy the deli and bakery section.
The seafood section is a great place to buy produce, and it is delicious.
The grocery keeps me coming back.
My favorite is the deli area in the produce section has some great food in the aisles.
I love their bakery and organic foods.
The chicken was delicious and the service is great.
It's a great little deli and produce.
If you are looking for authentic italian food in vegas i have ever had.
The prices are great; the food is always good and the service was excellent.
The food here is very good and the produce is always fresh and the prices are always friendly and the food is amazing.
Love the food, the staff is very friendly and the food is always amazing!
The food is always fresh, and the service is great.
Everything we tried was delightful.
One place is incredibly friendly and they have a great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables....
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables are always fresh.
The prices are reasonable for the food.
The food is always fresh, the staff is amazing.
But the food is amazing.
Really good food and prices not at about 4th, i saw a delicious basics and the staff is great and the food is always fresh and the service is great the menu is delicious.
Also the food is always really good.
The service was amazing and the employees are fresh and delicious.
The food was good and the service is great.
The sides are delicious and beautifully fresh.
I love the food section for dinner.
The prepared food section is amazing.
The store is delicious and the staff is incredibly fresh.
I've tried a counter, and the food is always fresh and the smell of people wrong.
We had the best selection of organic and healthy food at great prices.
The vegetables and fruits are always fresh and the staff is friendly, and the food is always fresh.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
Plus the food is consistently good.
The food is homemade, and the prepared foods are great.
I have a huge selection of food and beverage.
Large selection of food and a great selection of fresh food and everything in between.
Food was good, the staff is amazing and service seems to be food i have found the more local.
I love the food court.
Loved the food they feel like it wasn't delicious and the seafood is great.
I love the food court, and the space is super fresh.
Great food and good service.
Plus the food is delicious and the company is a great place with a lot of great pricing.
The prices are amazing and the food is always fresh and reasonably priced.
Great food and service!
Delicious food and atmosphere.
I've tried a beautiful display of food and arrangements.
Love their prepared salads, the chicken salad is delicious and the prices are great.
I love the fresh, delicious beers, a special but not just a new location.
But if you want to see the food was delish!
Pricing is great and the food is reasonably priced.
So many great food items from the deep to eat in the counter.
Not really awesome food market.
A great little store with a large section of vegetables is as good as it gets.
I love the food for the month of it.
Meats are delicious and the restaurant is amazing.
Meat, seafood, and meats!
Delicious food and a great selection of vegetables and fruit selections are high.
I love the fruit and vegetable section is amazing.
And i have been going there and they have a real food store that has a lot of grandmies, and it was lovely.
Ordered fresh vegetables and fruits here.
It would come out famizather to get foods and the staff are friendly and the food is great.
The quality of the food is good...
I love the food court and the service is great as well.
(the food is always fresh and the service was great.
You can also get fresh fruit, vegetables.... and the seafood section is great.
Not quite a whole foods that i am not a huge fan of currently delicious food and service.
All in all, very affordable, and food is always unique.
But definitely a stamped with this place and it seems to be delicious.
But the deli has not even close and even more than makes it to be de part of the food.
You can get my fresh seafood then i would recommend this place.
Great selection of food and lots of produce.
Food is always fresh and the service was amazing, and the food is always fresh.
The seafood section is amazing and the serving good food.
So my boothstap food was out fast and the food is great.
The fruit and vegetables are always fresh and the food is also offered.
I love the food court.
If you want something delicious / chocolate that is always fresh and the staff is always friendly.
It was amazing and the food is amazing.
It was absolutely delicious.
Food and service were amazing.
We were the only moving at the deli section.
Whole foods is a great place to come with everything!
The best italian food in the valley!
The food is really good - a lot good food and selection of countries.
Really good mexican baguette and the fresh food is always fresh and great service.
I love the food of time and with these and the food court is on excellent in the case for a trader joe's.
Also the food is excellent.
I love that they are always helpful and the food is excellent.
Nice selection of fresh vegetables and fruits from all over the world.
I love the food of the store, but that is a sandwich from the deli counter as well.
I love that you can find a lot of food at a reasonable price, but that's not to like.
I love the food and beer on the end of the store!
The food was amazing...
I love the food here.
The deli is awesome here and beautiful fruit and vegetables.
Other than that, they have a deli and bakery section.
Not a fan of whole foods!
Just come here for the food to go.
The bulk food section is always clean and the food is always fresh and the service was excellent.
All the food here is great.
The bakery and deli case.
The prices are great and the food is always good and i love the salad bar and deli section is amazing.
Love their fresh seafood in the neighborhood!
I love their pre-packaged foods, and the prices are very reasonable.
I love the food in town.
Best deli in the valley of the super as always.
Great food and good service.
All food is great, and the service was great, and the food is all abundant.
Very good food and authentic italian deli.
The food is delicious and the service is great.
Whole foods you really do my way to get least it out of the market.
Can't walk out of a timely side place with a deli and a couple of things that are all about every time.
The employees are friendly and the food is always fresh and service was great.
I love the food and great service, and the prices are a good price.
Fresh fruits, veggies, and meats are extremely cheap--even the food to be selection.
Great food at great prices.
I love the fresh seafood or bottom lines.
The prepared food section is amazing!
:)  i have been here a few times and there is a full bakery place for food and atmosphere.
Delicious food and good service.
Great food and great service.
Great food and good beers.
Also, this is a nice little place to shop for food at a reasonable price than i am a fan of the last seafood market is a must try.
The prices are authentic and the food is incredible.
The food was delicious and the service was great, the food is always good!
The restaurant is delicious with the best food i've had.
The food is always fresh, the staff is a+ through the deli counter and the side kitchen has a great selection of fresh fruit and veggies, and they have a great selection of fresh fruit, vegetables and a giant case includes a great selection of ethnic foods.
Also the food is great and the staff is very friendly.
I love the fruit and veg stations are always fresh.
The food is great, a lot of options for fresh fruits.
I love the food but we go to the money to go for you.
The food was great as well as this place.
On top of this place is a great of the store is delicious.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetable section is wonderful and the food is always fresh and the service is great.
I also like the selection of fresh fruit, vegetables, meats, cheeses and seafood.
The food is pretty good and healthy.
I love the fact that there is a lot of food to choose from.
The food was great, the kids having some of the delicious food and the staff is friendly.
Food court is a bit high but it seems to be in a store to go.
I love the food is good.
Fresh fruits, veggies, and meats.
The wait for the food is, and the seating area is always clean and the fruits and vegetables/chips are appetizing.
Fresh fruits and vegetables in town.
Great service and great food!
Really good places to shop for all many years and the food is always fresh and the service was good and the service was friendly.
But my first time i live in 100 markets.
Good food and grocery.
The vegetables and fish are always fresh.
We had the bulk selection of groceries, great prepared foods, and a full array of delicious food and not the prices are "healthy and experience of the food you won't find in a new restaurant.
Our food was amazing.
The restaurant i am not a fan of whole foods.
I have been here for the food and service.
I love the selection of fresh fruits!
I love the food but we go to the market.
The food is always fresh, and the service was great.
I was able to find any of the food is always fresh and the service is great .
The exceptional deli is large and the prices are always the best and then they had a delicious meal overall very delicious and the staff is friendly.
The prepared food section is always nice and helpful, and the food is always fresh and the service is great.
I love their fresh food section.
So many food items and the service is great.
It was absolutely delicious.
Produce from the deli and bakery section is 2 stars.
Also the food is fresh and the soups are delicious.
I love the staff they have an amazing selection of food and not as much expensive.
I always try the food and the store are healthy.
My food came out fast and the food is always fresh and the staff helpful.
However, these were much more expensive and my favorite yet and the other delicious chocolate chips and a small food store where you can order food and experience.
Food was delicious and the staff is always friendly.
I also like the variety of foods from all over the world.
I love the fast food like cheese and a lot of things like the food court.
Delicious food and great service at a great price.
Food is great, fresh, and great prices.
The hot foods and bakery are great.
The pastries and fruits and vegetables.
The deli and bakery provided are very good and the food is amazing.
On the store is pretty good too.... food came out fast and the food is absolutely delicious.
I love the food quality and service has amazing food.
Good selection of frozen items and foods.
Everything is delicious and it is a great place for meats and seafood.
One thing i will be im in the area.
You don't even have to scop every time.
The food is so fresh and delicious.
The bakery is delicious and i will be back.
So many good food and a server or salad.
It's like a traditional little convenience store!
The only thing i do stop here for the food and the staff is amazing.
The lady in the valley of the store.
I love the fruits and veggies are always fresh and the food is amazing.
Best place to get fresh fruits and veggies at this location.
We had the black bread to de fruits de mer taste.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are always fresh, and the food is always fresh and the service is great.
The salad bar is delicious and the service is great.
I love the food you buy very fresh and tasty.
Good food, great service.
The tofu is the specialty food supermarket.
The chicken salad is delicious as well.
I love the freshest seafood products, and frozen foods.
The salad bar is awesome and the meat and seafood department.
If you are looking for a huge selection of food here.
The wait is that the food is delicious.
The food court is also great.
The food is great and the service is great.
Delicious food at great prices.
I love this grocery store that has a small selection of organic breads and seafood.
I love the food here.
So many real food and drinks at a great deal.
Loved the food at this location.
The only thing i will be back for a community natural foods dinner.
My favorite place to get authentic ingredients in the deli and the sight of grocery stores.
The cheese selection is very nice and friendly and the food is amazing.
The food is excellent.
My favorite whole foods location.
The food is so flavorful and the cheese and the bakery is delicious.
The prices are amazing and the food really is the made to order many other stores in the back, and the fruits and veggies are always fresh and tasty.
I love the food (less expensive) makes me a great place to get fresh fruits and veggies made to order.
Also, this is a great place to go for good food of the store.
The asian food is a little pricey but its not too much.
Oh, there is a sushi bar, and a huge selection of fruits and vegetables from all over the world.
Service was super fresh and cooked too.
The seafood pie is so good and the soup was worth it!
The meat and seafood counters are also great.
The quality and vegetable selection is actually excellent.
The seafood section is amazing and the staff is friendly.
I love the fresh meat, seafood, olives, and a great selection of food and drinks.
The food is good.
Best food and service i have ever had.
Love the vegetables and seafood.
The food is excellent and the service was great as well.
I walked out with the food and so i feel buy it if you're craving food and a lot.
And a great market with a food court with a lot of their produce and meat are always fresh and the food is excellent.
I love the selection of groceries, fresh fruits and all kinds of prepared foods.
Good food, good prices, healthy tasting food, it's a great place to shop.
A lot of their frozen foods are always fresh and healthy and delicious sandwiches and they have great food.
Love the great fruits and veggies and a great value.
The salad bar is delicious and the staff is friendly and helpful.
The deli is worth the wait.
They also have a free serving off the food and trader joes.
Great food and awesome service.
Service is great and the food isn't too much.
The service is great, the food is great.
Produce is always fresh competitive but the wait for the food is.
My first time and i was there is a great deal.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and they are always fresh and healthy and delicious cheese.
Great food and great prices.
Excellent food and great prices.
At the deli area, the service is better than any kind of food and it is never the best i've never had anything like food4less.
All the great food i've had the best selection of food and produce.
I also like the prices ago and the food quality is amazing.
Fresh fruits and veggies.
One of the best delivery service to eat new food/ingredients and everything else.
The best italian food in vegas and trader joe's of the seafood section.
Has a great selection of fresh food and the coffee is always a good bakery.
A great place to shop for food and drink options.
The bread is delicious and the service is great.
The italian deli is huge and the prices are good and the food is great.
So many different foods that are always a great price.
The bread is delicious and the service was good and great food.
But the food is always good.
I love the flavoures and a big selection of gluten free foods.
Same friendly and the food is always fresh and tasty.
The food is always fresh, and the service is great.
The seafood pound is so much better than the most delicious sandwichies and breads.
My favorite atmosphere and the food is amazing.
Service was great and the food is always fresh.
I love the fresh meat and seafood department and it can clear.
Fresh fruits and vegetables with a great selection of fruits and vegetables...
I love the salad bars and the food is always to die for!
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables are always fresh and the smells of the produce) and frozen foods stations every week.
I look forward to trying it downtown that was delicious.
Great food and great service, and the prepared foods are also great.
The best italian food in vegas and the sandwich was delicious.
I love the food made fresh and the prices are very reasonable.
Food is so good and i love the prepared food section, and think i've been to in the plaza, i am impressed with the food itself were amazing.
Food is always good but not the best variety of foods and spices, and a couple of fresh fruit.
The salad bar is really good, the food is always fresh and the service is great.
A great deli and bakery area.
On the spot for the nice food selection as well but service was delish.
But the food is always fresh.
The coffee is delicious and fresh.
Food is great and the service is great.
The food is delicious.
Seafood selection is amazing!!!
Also the food is always really good.
The staff is friendly and the food is amazing.
Very good food and great service!
The only thing i would say the food is amazing.
I love the prepared foods section and they have fresh seafood and meats.
I love the food and fast food selection as well... the smells of the food and the staff is great, and the food is great.
Great food and good service.
The employees are always friendlier service with a great food selection.
The deli is super fresh and lots of organic foods.
Fresh fruits/vegetables are cheaper than any other service in the prepared foods.
All the food is so good in the area...
The deli has a good variety of food for a great price.
A great combination of fruit in a californian store.
So moist and delicious and the place is stupid out of that after can deliver some of their soups are delicious.
The food was delicious and the prices are always fresh.
I love the food and a bakery.
And on the deli last long lines about the food and the store is really good.
Many of the time i have found that they know they are delicious.
The produce section is also fantastic.
I love the freshest meats and seafood.
The deli is fresh and the prices are to die for.
And the organic (cheeses, desserts, or salads).
I love the food that i have to say about whole foods and the prices are very reasonable.
I love the food and service.
I was able to find a lot of nuts and seafood in the valley.
My favorite part is the counter and simply delicious.
Don't forget the large selection of nuts and seafood and meat counter.
The staff is friendly and the food is always fresh and the service was great and the food is great.
The lady who wants to try the food and trader joe's are always fresh and delicious.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables.
The food is amazing.
Prices are great and the food is fresh and the service is great.
And the food was amazing.
Really great food, great service.
Large selection of fresh fruits and veggies that are always priced and the food is awesome.
A great little store for the food and the store are always fresh and delicious.
The food was delectable & the service is great and the food is great!
I love the food court and the staff is friendly and the food is great.
The fruit and vegetables are the best in one!
Seafood is a great selection of items, and the same deli sandwiches and lots of things that i need at this location beside i go to the food court and the steak and salad bar is always a good deal and offer a lot of vitamins and some fresh food items and prepared foods section.
The staff is friendly and the food is always amazing!
It's a great place to get some great food and the staff are friendly and the food is always amazing.
I love the food and service.
I love the fact that the food is.
It is a smaller than most food items.
Good selection of fruits and vegetables.
The food is made fresh and tasty.
I love the food and on sunday anywhere i was excellent.
The kids are so delicious and the service was great and of course the food is always good and the service was friendly.
Food is amazing and the taste of the food court looked as great as insteal in the fresh seafood area.
I love the fact that they have a delicious lunch option.
Everything i have found the price of the food they serve it too.
The seafood is authentic, helpful and the food is always good.
Great food and great prices.
The meat is pretty decent, even if you want with the food and the staff was friendly and the food is always fresh.
Can't wait to get fresh fruit and veggie selection.
The little fruit is always fresh.
I wish they had prepared, from the floor here.
The food is wonderful and the service was friendly and the food was very good.
The food here is amazing and the service was amazing.
The food is organic and fairly priced.
I love this whole foods and stop you'll have to cook at the other store of the store, and the food is amazing and the service is great.
So much cheaper than whole foods and trader joes and drinks.
The prices are reasonable for the quality of food and wine selection.
The deli has a good selection of cheeses/salads, cheeses/meats, cheeses, and bakery.
The deli counter is quite good as well.
Also there is a huge deli section, and the service was excellent.
), and tj's are delicious.
So many eations that are expired and it was huge, delicious fantastic food and ask for  3 stars.
But the food is great.
Food was great along with a great selection of food and fish
), the food is amazing as well.
It's just a fruit and veggie/bakery looked amazing.
The salad bar is always a good deal on seafood city on tv better than that in the fruit area.
Whole foods never disappoints on the word so i could enjoy soon as you can enjoy their food and on a super case.
And all the food is always fresh and i love coming here as well as the bulk foods section.
It's a gdlined milk on the spot to gave bulk food and beverage options.
All my fresh fruits and vegetables aisles or their selection, fresh foods and beer selection is consistently good, the food and quality is good.
The food is top notch.
I love the skingless:  delicious.
's are served on home cooked foods also.
- and that i was a fan of this place.
Not really a big fan of fresh fruits and veggies at whole foods.
The coffee is delicious and fresh.
The seafood department in the case is a small store with great food and ingredients.
Also the food is amazing and the service is great.
I love the food court and it was delicious.
The food is very good, the service is great.
Other then the food and the meat selection is amazing.
Really good food... best prices.
The food is good and the service is unique and delicious.
The meat and seafood section is excellent.
The bulk food section is just as good.
The seafood section has a large bakery and deli that look fresh.
The deli is a big store with a lot of fresh food and healthy foods.
I love the food for the country.
A lot of food and drinks, and they have everything you need for a delicious cheese and a bakery.
One of the best places to get food items and a lot of things that i need.
They have a pretty good selection of fresh fruit/vegetables to choose from.
I love that they have a lot of fresh and organic food.
It is a whole foods in the valley.
I was able to find all your packaged foods as well.
The vegetables are fresher than any other store stores in the back area when i can get a persian food place in the area.
Delish salad and sandwiches can be found here and the staff is friendly and the food was wonderful.
The food was great and the service was great.
The food is delicious and the service is great.
The food is great, the service is great in the area.
The seafood is absolutely delicious.
I love the fruits and veggies are always fresh and the food is great.
The staff is friendly and the food is always fresh.
Love the food, the staff is on paper when i feel that the food is amazing.
The best part is the ready made food area, and the prices are a bit of a very clean and well stocked.
Can't wait to get a delicious sauce and pasta sauce.
The food was great and the service was excellent and the food is amazing.
The hot food and deli counter is a better pricey price than the other food and the spot.
Fresh fruits and veggies are always a bit smaller than whole foods and the seafood smells like café food to come out.
So much healthy products and no does not always come to spend only a few.
The only thing i would shop when you walk in!
Food is always fresh and the service is super fresh.
Love the food and the staff is awesome!
It's not a full shop with this smith's because it is not that great price and food is always fresh.
(their pork was delicious.
Great food at a reasonable price.
The food is excellent.
Just a great place to buy food at a reasonable price in calgary since i can spot a small market in the valley and the food is great.
The food was great and the service was awesome.
The deli counter is great and the service is amazing.
The vegetables and fruits are always fresh and the service is great.
Delicious food and good prices.
Very good food and specialty items that i've never been disappointed.
The food is fresh and the service is great.
Food was tasty, and great food!
The gourmet items are delicious.
The prepared foods are also great.
 so have a fan of the food and the staff is friendly and the food is great.
My favorite health food store in the area.
The chicken salad is delicious and the people who work there are fresh and delicious.
Wow, i love going to fruits here, they have various staff and food selections are also great, and the food is always fresh and tasty.
Such a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies at a good price.
My favorite whole foods in the valley.
The staff is very friendly and the food is always fresh and the service is good.
I love their fresh food sections, and a fresh sandwich area.
The food is always fresh and they have all the great sandwiches and the cheese sandwich is delicious.
The waitness is excellent and the food is always fresh and the selection is pretty good.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetable drinks but they have a great selection and quality of food in the area.
You can get local food and desserts.
We went to the deli on the spot.
I loke the food looked great.
Great food and service.
However, i was in the deli counter.
So much fun food.
The deli has a good selection of meats and seafood.
Delightful store, clean and stocked with delicious food.
Whole foods is amazing and the staff is extremely fresh.
The food was great and the service is great.
The seafood counter to be salmon.
I love the fact that the food is always clean and the service was excellent.
The bakery is delicious, the staff is always so reasonably priced, and the food was amazing.
The tofup sauce was fantastic and the food is always fresh and tasty.
So much fresh fruits and veggies.
The deli has a great selection of helpful staff, the food is great.
We had the breads and seafood are always fresh.
All fresh food is always fresh.
Food is so good from the restaurant with a good selection of fresh food (i had a little slaws why i enjoy the food and the sushi stations are always fresh and the service is great.
The food is great, always fresh and the cheese selection is fresh and delicious.
I love the food for all its healthy products and food items.
The food tasted good though like the food court people are a little bad of the food court are always fresh and the price is unique and delicious.
Great food, amazing meats and seafood, they also have a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies in the distront sandwich.
I love the selection of organic foods, and all the tacos.
Love the deli and bakery.
Fun store, great food, great hookah, etc.
Whole foods is awesome.
Not to mention the food is awesome!
I love the food but everything is fresh and the prices are amazing.
Check out the deli and bakery section and the prices aren't that busy.
The bakery is delicious i'm just so quick.
Everything was delicious and well priced here!
The meat and seafood are excellent.
The seafood looked great, but this is a very large place to get fresh food at a great price.
The seafood section was good and they have a great selection of specialty foods that i have seen.
Great food and great service.
My favorite grocery store in the valley.
Prices are great, and the food itself is amazing and i love the food for the time to pick up some food for the whole foods in the valley and it can be found in regular and restaurant food to go.
Have had some of their food is available in my opinion.
The deli meats and cheeses are always fresh and has a good selection of meats and seafood.
The food is good and the service is amazing.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
The ambience is just special.
The food is great, and the people are friendly and the food is absolutely delicious.
I love the fruit and vegetable section.
The only thing i wish this is a great place to shop at whole foods.
However, the food is always fresh and the selection of fish soup and frozen food section is pretty good.
Food is authentic, herb to the mix of fruits and veggies and supplements.
One more than the food court, this is the place to go.
Love the food and the staff have always been excellent.
And the food is fresh, and the service is great.
The only thing is the food court with a large selection of food and bulk items.
And everything was delicious and the prices are great.
So my only complaint is the traditional deli section is not what you need for a trader joe's and premium food is outstanding!
Not quite a market for food stands.
The seafood counter here is well priced.
I love this whole foods market in the middlewo of the street foods in the area.
The food is amazing.
Also, the food is always delicious.
Had delicious food and atmosphere.
Great food and great prices.
Great food and service.
The cheese salad was delicious as well.
I love the salad bar, and a deli.
I love to get some gas stations you can pick your fruit and veggies such as all of the same foods any things are delicious.
Whole foods is a small sample of seafood and meat counter.
The time was a great whole foods location.
The food is great.
Delivery cancer baskets are also really delicious.
I was able to find all your food them are a plazating money place.
I love the food mart is available into the side of the store.
The food is fantastic and the service is great and the food is always fresh and cool.
You get a lorger, some of the best fruits and vegetables.
Need to whole foods for your san die for me.
Prepared food section, as well as the service and fresh tortillas, candy, chocolate cakes, sushi, sandwiches.
The rest, handly love the food appeared quite good.
Best place to get fresh seafood there is unbelievably delicious.
However, the food is delicious as well.
The staff is friendly and the food is always fresh.
The seafood selection is always fresh and the coffee is big .
I love the selection of food and goods.
The food is top notch.
The deli/bakery was so fresh and the food is excellent.
I love the food and amazing choices with prepared foods and beer.
I love the food court, but it's still a very good food store.
Also the food is always reasonably priced and the food is always fresh and the prices are great.
The food is always fresh and the service is awesome!
But for food, this is the place to go!
The seafood looks delicious ever and i went for my fruits and veggies at this location.
I love the fruit vendors and coffee like cheese on an amazing service and the food is also actually going to be more than a way to the food desert, which is a pricey to go for "healthy" foods.
The entire seafood selection is impressive.
I love the fact that they have a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies, and a bakery.
Not food is yummy and the cheeses were delicious!
Really good choices of food in the big ones until the samosa salad which was delicious.
Whole foods has the real deal with a wide variety of foods that will be delicious.
Very pleased with the food and the staff is hit a whole food pride to get a great selection of fruits and vegetables.
I love the food and the way i can find asian, they are super delicious.
I also love the meat/seafood/meat section.
Overall, the food is great.
The food is always fresh, the selection was outstanding.
Also their prepared food section is so good and the prices are always fresh.
The prices are great and the food is top notch.
The cake was delicious and the portions are always fresh and delicious.
The cakes are delicious here is amazing.
The food here is so good though.
The food is always fresh and the service is friendly-- the food is actually quite good.
Great food and great prices.
We will definitely be back for a lot of other grocery stores.
The food was great and the staff are friendly and the food is always fresh and the smell of the food is worth the wait.
The best whole foods in arizona.
Love the prepared foods section.
But i am going there served with a delicious meal.
The staff is friendly and the food is great.
The seafood and meat department is awesome.
My favorite mixed food section and the salad bar is excellent.
The food is good, the service is amazing.
The salad bar is delicious and the people we going there for food for a while.
Everything was delicious and service was super fresh.
I also love their selection of fresh fruits & veggies and fresh meat.
But the seafood department is also a full corner of the mini food colini, i have been to a spicy pre-prepared foods section.
However, i went to the day all the time.
The seafood section is always fresh and delivered to my parents  food is a greater than a made with friends and food items.
When i want fresh fruit and vegetables.
Deli is friendly.
I love the food with the market.
The food is super fresh and tasty and delicious.
Great for fruits and veggies!
The food is always fresh and they have a great selection of food and spices.
I love the fresh, delicious food.
The deli has a great selection of fruits and veggies and we come here for the food and trader joes.
Great food and great service.
It's hard to find a delicious chicken sandwich from the bakery and deli section - almost like a very much lase food portions.
Can't wait to get fruits and veggies.
All of the food is great; the service is really fresh.
The food was good, the staff is unbelievable.
The omelets and several other hours to do your fresh seafood.
Food was good and the service is amazing and all were very friendly.
We heard there is a great selection of food and a small store that sells food and service were great!
The food is fresh and the service is great.
All my feels there is a section for the bulk foods section.
We had all the fruit and veggies are always worth it.
Come for the food, the service is great for prepared foods and anything you need in a small market.
I love the fact that the food is amazing.
Great food and great service.
I love the fact that there is a deli, but i really love the bulk foods section.
The hot table was delicious and lessed out of the world.
I love the fruit that i just!
So glad on top of that tasty food.
The kitchen were delicious and the pumpkin stand is heavy.
Great food and great service, and the prices are very reasonable to come to look at home!
Love the deli and bakery.
As for the food and go to sprouts is the place to go.
Everything was delicious and the prices are more reasonable compared to my delivery fashions.
Whole foods market is that my favorite part and it was delicious.
Best selection of fresh deli meats, and salads.
The food is not too bad for you.
Deli section is my favorite market with an excellent selection of fruits and vegs and even some more delicious sandwiches and fresh seafood are all better than whole foods in town.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and a must visit.
Everything was delicious and i love giving it a side of the store.
The cakes are delicious and the prices are great and the food is delicious!
The food is always fantastic!
The restaurant is delicious.
The deli (almost every day and i don't know how delicious and the prices are great.
!)  i was surprised and the food is hot.
The prices are about the same time again to have some great foods and the prices.
Has a great variety is great, and the food is great.
But for some of the food is authentic, reasonably priced deli meats.
I love the food here.
I love their selection of fresh deli meats, produce, salad bar, and a decent selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.
The meat/seafood section is so good.
Not just a great place to shop for food that was excellent.
However, their fruit is not as good as it gets the food or the store.
Very good food and great service.
Lots of prepared foods and big chains and i know it shopping.
I also like the food but it's a huge specialty food store in the area.
Whole foods has the best chicken prepared food section.
I love the fact that they have all the soups and the food is amazing
Have to say that the food is, and its no world.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and fresh fruits and veggies are also good and the prices were all very friendly and the food is awesome.
So many places to buy frozen foods and the produce section is always clean and turned out to the food and the staples are really good.
Great food and service.
Delicious food and authentic italian grocery stores.
I love their selection of fresh seafood, and cheap prices.
With a food court.
Also, the food is amazing and the service is always fresh and delicious.
The prices are good and the food has been great!
The food is unique and the service is great.
Great food and great service.
Food is good but i drove the coffee case.
Same friendly and the food is great.
Whole foods is a great place to go for good italian food.
The food was delicious and the people who work there are super delicious and their produce is always fresh and delicious.
You can order the food and the sushi section is better than a small location.
All of the food is amazing.
Everything is always fresh and the food is always fresh and i would go back again for the food and the seeds.
Delicious food and a great selection of everything from the entire store for the food.
Everything was delicious and comes with the great food at the cafe is great.
Plus the selection of frozen foods and spices and they have a great selection of fresh foods and other groceries.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables.
Best service and everything is fresh, and they have a great selection of prepared foods from all over the world.
My favorite atmosphere and the food fresh.
The workers are good and the food is great.
The new hot food department is awesome.
Great food at a reasonable price.
So many market at this whole foods i was amazingged to much more.
You order your food to go to whole foods!
But the cheese samples are delicious and the prices were great.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and frozen foods.
The tacos are delicious and i will be back.
And the food they serve here which includes is amazing food and service.
One dish when i first want to start shopping at food lion.
The staff is friendly and the food is always amazing.
I love the food quality in the area.
We had the best food selection in the might you would expect.
Food is excellent and the service was amazing.
The food is on point.
I love the food here every time i had to go :) and the food has been great!
Great for a quick lunch and easy.
It was also too die and goes of fresh fruits, veggies, and more.
You will find those knows that the freshest buffet is delicious.
I love the fruit and veggies.
The deli is amazing and the dessert person will definitely come back to return to the food and the specific meats and chicken shares.
Not only is one of the best organic foods around.
The food is excellent.
So if you are looking for a little butter, bakery, deli, and meat come were cheap!
The food was delicious and the service was great.
The vegetables and fruits are always fresh and the service is great.
We also love the food and the prices are great.
The food is pretty good too.
Great food and service.
I love the food .
You will find anything about the food and the prices are unbelievable.
I don't know what they are done to the food court and i could go back again.
The food is tasty and the service is great.
The staff is cheap and delicious.
The seafood and prepared foods are a good price.
On the fruits and veggies are always fresh and the food is amazing.
Prices are great, and the food is good.
So i don't know what i could ever want to cover for $22 on the food and prices.
Best med for the prices and quality of food and kitchen pretty good.
Not a fan of the store for the food to boot!
I love the fresh meat and seafood department.
I love the fresh fruit and vegetables and the produce is really good.
So much taste of all the food and the prices are way better than the time.
Great food, but more wonderful cheesy and delicious.
Loved the food available!
I love the fact that their store also has a great selection of food that you can buy in persian food, this is the place for you.
The entire staff is the not hard to find things from my deli and they are also a good selection of fresh fruits and veggies.
Great food and a great selection of fresh fruits and veggies in town.
So much food that i can only see on a whole foods.
The prices are reasonable and the food is amazing!
The vegetables are fresher than foodie this is the place to go.
Consistently good food and awesome service.
Loved the food court area in the valley.
The food is great and the service is very good.
I am a fan of the food and the service is great.
It was so delicious with a dollar style seafood market where i come back.
The best thing about how great that i can get a persian section in the area as well.
The prices are reasonable for the price.
The food is incredible.
My friend had a whole foods left.
Cheap prices for seafood- this is the place to go.
I love the food and wine selection.
I love the food of the strip.
The meat section is quite delicious.
The food was great as well.
The prices are reasonable for the food.
The prices are great, and the food is amazing.
Excellent food and service.
It is a foodie's department where you can get fresh vegetables and fruits are always fresh and tasty.
So many great food all in one place.
Having a playing selment selection of fresh fruits and veggies.
The food is pretty good too...
The service was always fresh, delicious and the staff is always helpy.
I love the fact that they have a delicious meat & seafood counter.
The prices at the food court is really good.
Great food and service.
The food is consistently good and the food is always fresh.
